<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1375793_0001493152-23-012525.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6476023</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>273032</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1132772</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1832511</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1468061</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1634934</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012525.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417155909
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012525
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Metalert, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001375793
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				980493446
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53046
		FILM NUMBER:		23823904

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1214,
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-808-6211

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		117 WEST 9TH STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1214,
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GTX CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080313

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEEAS RESOURCES INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012525.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.) 

; , , 
 
 - 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class registered: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 

None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, Par Value 0.0001 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and, (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a
share of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022 was approximately . At April 17, 2023, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: documents are incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 
 
 3 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 
 
 3 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 12 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 25 

ITEM
 2. 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES 
 
 26 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 26 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 26 
 
 PART II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 26 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 
 
 28 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 28 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 
 37 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 37 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 38 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 38 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 39 
 
 PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 39 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 43 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 47 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 48 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 48 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 49 

ITEM
 16. 
 SUMMARY 
 
 50 
 
 SIGNATURES 

51 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

Information
in this report contains forward looking statements which may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such
as may , shall , will , could , expect , estimate , anticipate ,
 predict , probable , possible , should , continue , or similar terms,
variations of those terms or the negative of those terms. The forward-looking statements specified in the following information have
been compiled by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and considered by management to be reasonable. Our future
operating results, however, are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or warranty is to be inferred from those forward-looking
statements. 

The
assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking statements specified in the following information represent estimates of future
events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances. As a result,
the identification and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from and among
reasonable alternatives requires the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur, the outcome may vary substantially
from anticipated or projected results, and, accordingly, no opinion is expressed on the achievability of those forward-looking statements.
No assurance can be given that any of the assumptions relating to the forward-looking statements specified in the following information
are accurate, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. 

Note
Regarding Reverse Stock Split 

The
Company effected a reverse split of its outstanding common stock, par value 0.0001, at a ratio of 1-for-65, effective as of September
12, 2022 (the Reverse Split ). All share and per
share amounts have been restated as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. 

PART
1 

ITEM
 1. 
 DESCRIPTION
 OF BUSINESS 

Unless
otherwise noted, the terms MetAlert, Inc. , the Company , we , us , and our 
refer to the ongoing business operations of MetAlert, Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Global Trek Xploration, Inc. and LOCiMOBILE,
Inc. 

BUSINESS
OVERVIEW 

MetAlert,
Inc. (OTC Pinks: MLRT) is a pioneer in location sensitive remote patient health monitoring devices and wearable technology products
industry. 

MetAlert
and its subsidiaries are engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, distributing, and selling products and services in GPS/BLE
wearable technology, personal location, wandering assistive technology, and health data collection and monitoring. The company offers
a global end-to-end hardware, software, and connectivity solution, in addition to developing two-way tracking technologies, which seamlessly
integrate with consumer products and enterprise applications. 

With
over 20 years of experience and an extensive patent portfolio with more than twenty-five patents, MetAlert provides solutions for consumers/patients afflicted with
Alzheimer, Dementia, and Autism (ADA). This market represents approximately 2.9 of the world s population (approximately 34 million
people in 24 developed countries). Due to specific behaviors (problems with memory, adversity to wearing unknown items, etc.) consumers/patients
in this market segment, cannot use products such as an iPhone or Fitbit. This has created a significant market with very few competitors
for MetAlert. 

3 

Using
its award-winning patented GPS SmartSole as a hub for collecting and transmitting data to the cloud in real-time, MetAlert is expanding
its value proposition to consumers and increasing its revenue per user (RPU) while creating the largest database of health statistics
for ADA consumers/patients. MetAlert generates revenue from product sales, recurring subscriptions, intellectual property licensing,
and professional services. The company has international distributors servicing customers in over 35 countries and is an approved U.S.
military government contractor. Customers include public health authorities and municipalities, emergency and law enforcement, private
schools, assisted living facilities, NGOs, small business enterprises, senior care homes and consumers. 

The
Company is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, has a sales office in London, England, and distributors across the globe. 

The
Company was originally founded in 2002 as Global Trek Xploration, Inc., and as part of a reverse merger became publicly traded in
2008, as a 100 wholly owned subsidiary of MetAlert, Inc. (OTC Pinks: MLRT), a Nevada corporation under its former name Deeas
Resources Inc. On March 14, 2008, MetAlert, Inc. acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Global Trek Xploration, a
California corporation in exchange for the issuance of 18,000,001 shares of MetAlert Inc. s a Nevada corporation, common stock (the
 Exchange Transaction ). MetAlert, Inc. owns 100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of its two subsidiaries - Global
Trek Xploration, Inc. Global Trek Xploration and LOCiMOBILE, Inc. LOCiMOBILE ). Utilizing GPS,
cellular, Bluetooth Low Energy BLE ), Near Field Communications NFC ), Radio Frequency RF ), and WiFi technologies through a proprietary enterprise monitoring platform and licensing subscription business
model, the Company offers a complete end to end solution of hardware, middleware, apps, connectivity, and professional services that
can track and monitor people or assets at the touch of a button in real-time. In addition to selling products and monthly service
subscriptions, the Company also generates revenues through licensing its technology and intellectual property, custom development
projects and the sale of OEM medical devices and supplies. Its products and services are sold and distributed through a global
business to business B2B and business to consumer B2C network of resellers, affiliates,
distributors, non-profit organizations, local, state, and federal government agencies, police departments, manufacturers reps and
retailers. Offering a variety of electronic and non-electronic devices and equipment, a proprietary Internet of things IoT enterprise monitoring platform and a licensing, subscription business model for its technology and intellectual
property. In September of 2022 the Company changed its name from GTX Corp to MetAlert, Inc a Nevada corporation, and maintained ownership and
operates 100 of both subsidiaries Globel Trek Xploration and LociMobile. 

MetAlert s
flagship product is its award-winning, patented GPS SmartSole tracking and monitoring solution, which is the world s first
invisible wearable technology GPS tracking device created for those at risk of wandering due to Alzheimer s, dementia, autism,
and traumatic brain injury. The GPS SmartSole is reimbursable through Medicaid or various insurance providers and government agencies
in some U.S. States, Canada, Norway, and the UK. 

We
answer the where is question: such as, where is my mother, child, employee, soldier, pet, drone, artwork,
or other high value assets, through our proprietary IoT Internet of Things enterprise platform. 

In
early 2020 the Company expanded to include medical supplies. 

Since
inception, MetAlert has developed, sold and commercially launched numerous products, including, its GPS Smart Shoes, SmartSoles,
Bluetooth Low Energy BLE SmartSoles, hand-held GPS tracking devices, a proprietary custom military personnel and
asset tracking solution, a weapons tracker, pet tracker, infant tracker and more than 20 smartphone and tablet Apps, all supported
by its hosted and scalable backend monitoring platform and intellectual property portfolio. The Company has multiple product lines
comprising of its core wearable tech SmartSole line, Military line, OEM devices and supplies, professional services, Near Field
Communications (NFC) asset tracking and intellectual property licensing. The business units generate various revenue streams, such
as product sales, recurring subscriptions, software, and intellectual property (IP) licensing, fees for custom hardware and software
development, along with professional consulting, support, and maintenance services. Many of its products are protected by
MetAlert s intellectual property portfolio of issued patents, licensed patents, patents pending, registered trademarks,
copyrights, URLs and a library of proprietary hardware and software designs. MetAlert s customer base ranges from the U.S.
military, foreign military, public health authorities and municipalities, emergency, and law enforcement, first responders, private
schools, assisted living facilities, NGOs, business enterprises, senior care homes and direct to consumer. 

4 

Media
recognition is an important component of MetAlert s marketing strategy and over the years, the company and its GPS SmartSole have been
featured on CNN, Good Morning America, The Doctors, Fox News, Discovery Channel, ABC, NBC, CBS, The New York Times, LA Times, U.S.A.
Today, the LA Business Journal, AARP, Keeping up with the Kardashians and numerous other television, radio, magazine, and newspaper media
outlets worldwide. 

The
Company maintains several Internet websites, blogs and social media sites including; www.metalert.com , www.gtxmask.com ,
www.locimobile.com, www.trackmyworkforce.co , and www.gpssmartsole.com. Our annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports
on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and other information related to this Company, are available, free of charge, on our
corporate website as soon as we electronically file those documents with, or otherwise furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Company s various Internet websites and the information contained therein, or connected thereto, are not, and are not intended,
to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our principal executive offices are located at 117 W 9 th Street,
Los Angeles, California, 90015 and our main telephone number is (213) 489-3019. The information on, or that can be accessed through,
our websites is not part of this report, and you should not rely on any such information in making any investment decision relating to
our common stock. 

Our
business is comprised of one reportable segment. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting
companies until the fiscal year following the determination that our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is
more than 250 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues are less than 100 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is
less than 700 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 

BUSINESS
UNITS 

1) 
 Tracking
 and Monitoring Technology - Our SmartSole line of wearable footwear technology is designed for people with cognitive memory disorders,
 such as Alzheimer s, dementia, autism, and traumatic brain injury TBI ). Approximately 9 million people in the
 U.S. and over 100 million worldwide expected to reach 277 million by 2050 fall under this umbrella of people with cognitive disorders.
 Typically, these people tend to wander and require some wander guard technology and remote oversight. The SmartSoles are comfortable
 orthotic insoles embedded with a GPS and cellular tracking module, so that a caregiver can know in real time where a loved one is
 at the touch of a button from any smartphone or computer. The Company also leverages its technology platform for use in high value
 asset tracking such as drones, small light weight cargo, and other high value mobile assets that require a robust, small footprint
 and low power consumption hardware and software platform. MetAlert has been working on expanding this unit to include Short Range and
 Logistics tracking, utilizing BLE and NFC technology for tracking valuable assets across the supply chain, such as expensive clothing,
 wines, foods, or pharmaceuticals. BLE - Bluetooth Low Energy and NFC Near Field Communication are a short-range wireless
 protocol that triggers data exchange from one device to another. The chip is about the size of a nickel and can be attached, embedded,
 sewn, glued, embroidered, and even ironed on or otherwise affixed to just about any person or product, including print materials,
 packaging, and wearables. 

2) 
 Medical
 Supplies In 2020 the Company expanded its product line from medical devices to high quality Health Safety
 protective equipment and supplies, ranging from hearing assisted technology to masks, sanitizing equipment, UV sterilization
 equipment, and rapid test kits. With many of its products made or sourced in the U.S. This business unit was significant during
 Covid, however moving forward we will adjust the unit size to account for market conditions and market demands. 

3) 
 IP
 and Technology licensing - many of our patents were issued over the past 10 years and we continue to add new patents to our portfolio,
 and as GPS and wearable technology becomes more ubiquitous and used in numerous products, the MetAlert intellectual property portfolio
 is garnering interest within the tech community. MetAlert is currently engaged in a licensing and monetization campaign. Over 150 companies
 that could potentially license some or all our IP have been identified and so far, the Company has signed 14 licensing agreements
 and generated over 1 million dollars in license fees. 

CORPORATE
STRATEGY 

Management s
corporate strategy is to continue to build and grow MetAlert as a health safety medical and wearable technology company that provides
turnkey solutions for the consumer, enterprise, and government. Most of the MetAlert tracking and monitoring products are sold with a monthly,
quarterly, or annual subscription service plan or licensing fees ranging from 2.00 to 35.00, per month per monitored asset. In addition
to product sales and recurring subscription fees, the Company also generates revenues through software and IP licensing. Many of our
patents have filing dates going back to 2004, 2005 and 2006, have ongoing open continuations, with many of patent claims being used in
the marketplace today, providing an opportunity for the Company to license its IP to other technology companies. Part of our strategy
is to identify new companies or existing companies that launch new products that are a potential licensee candidate. 

5 

As
part of our long-term growth strategy, we are focused on launching new medical and tracking wearable products, either internally developed
or acquired through licensing, that stand alone or can be part of our SmartSole platform that help grow our subscriber base or increase
our average revenue per subscriber. New product development can lead to new IP, hence strengthening our IP portfolio creating additional
licensing opportunities. Collectively this approach feeds on one another whereby we can build steady recurring revenue streams. Launching
new products, new vertical sales channels and building out our patent portfolio are the key drivers for growth. The more products we
develop and sell, the more subscribers we bring onboard. And, as our patent portfolio grows and evolves, so do our licensing opportunities.
To date we have built a network of strategic global partners, a robust technology platform of proprietary hardware and software and a
growing intellectual property (IP) portfolio. The MetAlert product lines of embedded smart wearable GPS devices, Stand-Alone GPS devices,
Digital Apps, BLE/NFC solution, encrypted RF military personnel and asset tracking solutions and protective medical supplies and devices
are sold direct to the consumer B2C ), to the enterprise business to business B2B ), and to local, state,
federal and international government agencies , through our network of resellers, affiliates, distributors, non-profit organizations,
military and police departments, manufacturers reps and retailers. The Company has been ramping up its product distribution and sales
channels and, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had live units in the field and / or paying subscribers in over 40 countries, with
customers and distributors in Canada, Mexico, Europe, Latin America, Asia, the Middle East, and parts of Africa. In the U.S. the Company
sells direct to the consumer through its online ecommerce platform, a host of retailers and resellers along with hundreds of online affiliates.
The Company also manages direct B2B enterprise and government sales through its business development team and advisors. The B2B initiatives
comprise of supporting existing distributors along with bringing on new distributors, working with U.S. and Foreign agencies, to support
existing business and secure new business, and domestically to work with local, state, and federal agencies to acquire reimbursement
codes for its line of SmartSoles. To date, MetAlert has been issued a vendor number for reimbursement in 11 U.S. states and internationally
in Canada, Norway, Sweden and in the U.K. the National Health Services NHS began conducting regional pilots for the wander
assistive GPS SmartSoles, in urban centers with high populations of seniors afflicted with dementia. Under these reimbursement programs,
the SmartSoles are either partially (50 to 60 or sometimes up to (100 including the monthly subscriptions) paid for or subsidized
by the local, state, or federal grants or through insurance reimbursement. As additional resources become available, we plan to apply
for new grants and private insurance reimbursement along with other health and municipal services both domestically and in other countries.
Where granted, the subsidies lower the cost of buying and owning our tracking products, which can result in an increase in customers
and revenues. 

INDUSTRY
OVERVIEW 

Smart
wearable technology is becoming ubiquitous, and it is starting to find its way into all parts of the global society. Miniature electronic
devices that are worn by a person, commonly referred to as wearables, are continuing a strong upward trajectory evident by the likes
of Nike, Garmin, Google, Samsung, Apple, Verizon and a host of other fortune 100 companies that have entered into this space. Wearable
Technology is on the rise in personal fitness, wellness, healthcare, and business use. CCS Insight (a provider of market information,
data analysis and market intelligence) recently updated its outlook on the future of wearable tech, indicating that 411 million smart
wearable devices, worth a staggering 34 billion, were be sold in 2020. 

Location-Based
Services (LBS) and Real-Time Location Systems (RTLS), published by Markets and Markets, are expected to grow from USD 16.0 billion
in 2019 to USD 40.0 billion by 2024, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate CAGR of 20.1 . This growth will be fueled because
it is now possible for a network of physical objects (humans, vehicles, buildings, infrastructure, equipment of all shapes and types)
to collect and exchange data and to communicate and work together. This enables devices, sensors and systems to operate autonomously
in pursuit of goals and objectives set by the human architects of the system. We believe that accurately identifying the location of
a person or assets in real time will be a key driver in many applications for the consumer, enterprise, and government sectors. 

6 

The
Caregiving Innovation Frontiers CIF study by the Longevity Network, used analysis and research from Parks Associates
found that an estimated 117 million Americans will need assistance of some kind by 2022, but the number of unpaid caregivers is only
expected to reach 45 million in the same year. This demand represents a 279 billion revenue opportunity over the coming years across
six different business areas identified in the study, with 80 of spending being out-of-pocket costs. Technology solutions and remote
health monitoring systems that enable family caregivers to monitor the location of elderly persons could provide key relief, according
to the report. The CIF report outlined six areas for business opportunities, with huge potential for revenue grabs. Technology represents
an opportunity across all the service areas, according to the Association of American Retired Persons (AARP). Most family caregivers
(67 of them) want to use technology to monitor their loved one s health and safety, but only about 10 are doing so right now,
leaving a lot of room for growth. 

In
our ever-mobile society, it helps to know where we are and where we are going. Same with caregivers of seniors suffering from Alzheimer s
and dementia, freight forwarding companies wanting to know where their packages are, and employers wanting to know where their field
workers are. Many parents desire to have the ability to know where their children are and where they are going. Having such information
is now possible with access to real-time information delivered on-demand through miniaturized, low power consumption locator systems
and technologies such as ours. 

The
rising need for real-time location systems (RTLS) and wearable location-based services (LBS) is influenced by several factors, among
them: 

Universal
 awareness and expanding penetration of GPS enabled mobile smartphones tablets (estimated 2 billion devices). 

Personal
 and asset security concerns affecting a greater portion of the population. This includes the increased awareness related to global
 terrorism, active shootings, natural disasters, and general unrest. 

Increasing
 numbers of elderly or memory impaired (Alzheimer s, dementia, autism, etc. approximately 9 million in U.S. and according
 to the World Health Organization who estimates that Alzheimer s will reach 135 million worldwide by 2050). 

Corporations
 needing to manage worker productivity, efficiency, and logistics. 

Government
 agencies, law enforcement and military need to track personnel and assets. 

Massive
 lifestyle adoption of location-based advertising and social networking. 

MetAlert s
management believes that more and more consumers, enterprises, and government agencies are realizing the importance of using tracking
and monitoring information technology. The technology growth story has long focused on the consumer, but as enterprises in every industry
sector, including the government sector, look to technology to facilitate and transform their own operations, the opportunities for technology
companies have broadened considerably. The following information illustrates the ways in which various tech markets are expected to grow. 

The
LBS and RTLS market have grown considerably over the past few years and is expected to grow further with increasing portable personal
digital assistant PDA based e-commerce. The overall market is expected to grow from 15.04 billion in 2016 to 77.84
billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 38.9 . 

CORPORATE
STRUCTURE 

MetAlert,
Inc. is a Nevada corporation which operates two wholly owned subsidiaries Global Trek Xploration, Inc. and LOCiMobile, Inc. 

Global
Trek Xploration is a California corporation which engages in the business of, design, development, manufacturing, and sales of medical
devices and supplies, and Global Positioning Satellite GPS ), Cellular, Radio Frequency RF Near Field Communications NFC WiFi and Bluetooth low energy BLE monitoring and tracking solutions. GTX is vertically integrated
and provides hardware, software, and connectivity, delivering a location-based platform that enables subscribers to track in real time
the whereabouts of people, or high valued assets. Our proprietary GPS devices, which consist of a miniature quad-band General Packet
Radio Service GPRS transceiver, custom antenna, circuitry, battery, and inductive charging pad can be customized and
integrated into numerous form factors. The finished products are then placed or worn so that their location and movement can be monitored
in real time over the Internet through our 24x7 tracking portal or on a web-enabled cellular telephone. The tracking portal is fully
scalable and has been licensed to several partners both in the U.S. and internationally. It is a secure platform equipped with a database,
application-programming interface API for custom integration, and communication SMS gateway software and hardware. Subscriber
internet communications are routed through GTX s proprietary, fault-tolerant, carrier-class, and application-specific interface
software. Our Location Data Center services are also offered to non-Global Trek Xploration products and hardware systems (i.e. handsets
and personal electronics) of major electronics manufacturers through the offer and sale of exclusive licenses (either geographical, regional
or product categories). 

7 

Markets
that Global Trek Xploration is currently in, or is exploring, include: 

Families
 with members who have Alzheimer s and or dementia, including developmentally challenged adults; 

Elder
 care support, life-style management, and e-health applications; 

Adults
 and children with cognitive disorders such as Autism and TBI; 

High
 value asset tracking and location capability of drones, bikes, motorcycles, containers, luggage, artwork, and other mobile valuable
 assets that require monitoring or tracking; 

GIG
 Economy mobile work force; 

Security
 for high-level executives, field workers, first responders, journalists, government employees; 

Military
 and law enforcement; 

Biometrics,
 health, safety, and wellness; and 

Accessories
 and peripherals. 

LOCiMOBILE,
Inc., our other wholly owned subsidiary, is a Nevada based corporation which develops and owns a suite of mobile tracking applications Apps that turn the latest Smartphones and tablets such as iPhone , iPad, Google Android and other GPS enabled handsets
into a tracking and location based real-time tracking device which can be viewed through the GTX IoT tracking portal from any internet
connected device. In the enterprise market MetAlert is best known for the App, Track My Work Force, which allows employers to
easily track and monitor the whereabouts and mileage of their employees, drivers and sales reps, through their Smartphone or tablet.
The Company continues to rollout new and innovative products which will include a series of applications that will be geared for the
enterprise user, by offering private label versions of our popular consumer Apps to companies looking for a more personalized
and secure methods of keeping track of their employees. Our roadmap also consists of additional applications for the iPad, other tablets,
smart TV s, and more applications for the iPhone and Google Android operating systems. Our goal is to expand our user base community,
increase the value of our brand, and generate revenues from App sales, monthly subscriptions and advertising. 

PRODUCTS
 SERVICES 

GPS
 SmartSole and the SmartSole plus a wearable orthotic insole GPS tracking, monitoring and recovery solution for
 those at risk of wandering due to Alzheimer s, dementia and autism. 

Take
 Along Tracker 4G a stand-alone miniature tracking and SOS device that allows for GPS capabilities, plus 4G, GSM, data
 and voice as well as a 3-way motion sensor. 

Track
 My Workforce a mobile app allowing employers to monitor mobile employees like drivers and sales representatives through
 their Smartphone. 

Sole
 Protector for GPS Smartsole created specifically for the GPS SmartSole in order to boost longevity, hygiene, covertness,
 protection and comfort. Extends the life of the SmartSole with increased shock absorption and water resistance. 

Take
 Along Friends the Invisabelt - A GPS cellular tracking and monitoring device for young children and toddlers. 

8 

Protective
 Medical devices and supplies Ranging from PPE s such as masks, sanitizers, face shields, UV wands and assorted
 equipment all the way to and including; Antibody and Antigen rapid test kits and hearing assisted technologies. 

VeriTap
 - an NFC tag and middleware application designed to monitor logistics and assets in the supply chain. 

CUSTOMERS 

The
Company, along with its international distributors, services thousands of consumers, hundreds of businesses, and dozens of local, state,
and federal government agencies, across 6 continents. MetAlert also sells products and services to the U.S. Military and law enforcement agencies
and is an approved government contractor. Other MetAlert customers include public health authorities, municipalities, and Universities, in
the U.S., Canada and across Europe. MetAlert also has a vendor number in 11 U.S. States and sells to local and state agencies supported by
Medicare and Medicaid. Other customers range from retailers, healthcare facilities, private schools, assisted living facilities, NGOs,
small business enterprises, senior care homes, and security companies. The Company also has several branded products and sells direct
to the consumer. 

INTELECTUAL
PROPERTY 

MetAlert s
IP portfolio not only supports the Company s core product lines by creating barriers of entry to competitors, but also underscores
the Company s intrinsic value and generates revenues from out bound licensing. Our early investment in IP dates to 2002 and demonstrates
MetAlert s commitment to developing innovative technology in the growing wearable GPS, LBS and RTLS space. The MetAlert IP portfolio underpins
its business and provides support across all its business units. The portfolio addresses three core areas: Footwear, Communication and
International coverage and as of December 31, 2022 we had twenty-two (22) patents and several trademark registrations. These include
eighteen (18) issued U.S. utility patents, three of which are insole patents, two (2) issued U.S. design patents, and two (2) other pending
U.S. utility patent applications. We also have two (2) issued Mexican utility patents and one (1) pending European foreign national patent
application based on our U.S. filings. In addition to the five (5) comm protocol s (program-to-program communications access methods),
which falls under MetAlert U.S. Patent 8,760,286, commonly referred to as the 286 MetAlert patent family, MetAlert also has several patents on the device
side. The international multi- pronged IP protection approach is part of the overall intellectual property strategy protecting all aspects
of the MetAlert enterprise and value of its hardware and platform. 

MetAlert
also has under license one (1) U.S. patent and twelve (12) foreign patents. Included under the IP portfolio MetAlert has U.S. trademark registrations
including, but not limited to, registrations for the marks LOCi and LOCIMOBILE. In addition, another U.S.
trademark application for GPS SMART SOLE SATELLITE MONITORING AND REALTIME TRACKING , GTX CORP , and WITH
YOU. 

As
part of our outbound IP licensing monetization campaign in June 2016 we signed a revenue share monetization agreement with Inventergy
Innovations, LLC Inventergy ), a subsidiary of Inventergy Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: INVT), the first licensing agreement was
signed for the monetization campaign was signed in the first quarter of 2019, with last settlement in fourth quarter of 2020. Prior to
December 13, 2021, when we terminated our agreement with Inventergy by not renewing their license, we had signed 14 settlements valued
at approximately 250,000 in licensing fees, which represented less than what was expected in the original agreement, which led both
parties to mutually dissolve the partnership. 

Due
to Covid and other resource related circumstances the MetAlert IP campaign stalled during 2021 and after several months of analysis on how
to revamp the campaign it was mutually agreed by the BOD of Inventergy and MetAlert, that MetAlert should take back full control of its patents
and the licensing strategy. Effective November 20, 2021, MetAlert dissolved its patent license agreement with Inventergy, LLC whereby Inventergy
transferred and assigned back to MetAlert all rights, title and interest in each of the Patents, consistent with what was specified in Section
4.1 of the original agreement, including all (sole) responsibility for future prosecution and maintenance of the Patents, including any
rights to receive any further royalties, compensation, revenue share for any past present or future monetization effort, effectively
relinquishing its fifty-five (55 ownership interest, back to MetAlert. Subsequently in December of 2021 the USPTO granted a notice of allowance
on a patent application which covers different aspects of the GPS SmartSole product, and we expect to receive more patents covering other
aspects on related applications in the future as we continue to expand our IP portfolio in the wearable technology space, especially
as the global wearable medical device market continues to grow and expecting to reach 9.4 billion by 2022. This 4th patent helps solidify
our portfolio with respect to wearable tracking and monitoring technologies embedded in footwear. That came on the heels of another office
action from the USPT on our com protocol family of patents which allowed an additional Patent which now MetAlert has filed ongoing open continuations
for both patents which we expect will further enhance the portfolio and strengthen our licensing strategy. 

9 

TECHNOLOGY 

MetAlert
Inc. has developed a carrier-class architecture and no longer needs to host the servers in a facility Data Center.
Throughout 2020 most of our servers were migrated to the cloud which enables cost-efficient expansion, without the need for
application code changes. 

Our
current location tracking product design utilizes quad-band GSM/GPRS telephony chip sets and can be adapted to the prevalent GSM/GPRS
wireless technologies. Our modules utilize advanced weak signal server-enhanced technology which provide rapid location
identification. Each module is programmed with a unique identification number and uses standard cellular frequencies to communicate its
location. The module is also programmed with a unique subscriber identification number allowing each owner to subscribe to different
services. 

We
continue to modify and upgrade our modules for our SmartSoles and other GPS tracking products. The production and roll-out of version
4G of our SmartSole product we will no longer have to be custom make SmartSoles for our international distributors, so our manufacturing
cost and timelines are reduced, and we have more flexibility to timely meet our customers requirements. Also, we now can bill
for data charges in over 100 countries, thereby increasing our potential markets. The ability to produce a product that can be delivered
to foreign market without customization and to bill for data charges in additional countries will enable us to increase our RPS (revenue
per subscriber). Our core tracking products (SmartSole, Take-Along-Tracker, OEM modules and Track my Work Force App) are supported by
the existing infrastructure for the worldwide cell network that provides coverage throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and numerous
other countries that operate on the global GSM Wireless networks. Our personal locator modules have the ability to operate on the networks
of 290 carriers in over 210 countries. 

STRATEGIC
RELATIONSHIPS LICENSING 

We
offer location-based hardware and/or IoT data monitoring platform to third parties for the sale and distribution of location-based products/services
in various vertical markets. We begin the process by entering into a platform test agreement or pilot program with a potential partner
with the intent to transition into a long-term relationship. By establishing and building partnerships, through licensing agreements,
OEM, and carrier relationships, we facilitate efficient entry into new markets leveraging each third parties core competencies. We enhance
the value of our distribution channels by aligning our sales and marketing efforts with strategic partners, including co-branding, distribution
and marketing with telecommunication companies, wireless carriers, national retailers and major consumer branded companies. We can customize
our products into different form factors for the specific needs of customers. To date, the Company has created custom solutions for the
monitoring of seniors with cognitive memory disorders by installing the GPS device into specially designed shoes and insoles; the monitoring
of children by installing the GPS device into specially designed toys, belts, insoles and backpacks; and the monitoring of various high
value assets such as drones, long guns and other mobile assets. 

The
Company has several key strategic relationships established both on the supply side and the distribution side. Some of the key partners
on the supply side are Atlantic Footcare (which manufactures our SmartSoles), Spline (our engineering firm), Nordic (which manufactures
our GPS and Cellular electronics) and Telefonica (which provides our global connectivity). On the distribution side, we have numerous
partnerships worldwide, ranging from distributors, health organizations, and retailers. 

10 

RESEARCH
 DEVELOPMENT 

As
an emerging tech company our long-term growth is predicated on making investments in R D and Intellectual Property. This year we
took the opportunity to invest in our future, by ramping up NFC, BLE and 4G development projects. We are integrating our NFC tags with
Blockchain technology and started developing a secured, scalable middleware layer that sits in-between our NFC devices and third-party
backend platforms. We started working with several partners that provide various vertical specific Block chain, IoT and AI backend platforms
but needed a secure and seamless flow of data from hardware to backend. This middleware lawyer is industry agnostic and is designed to
help drive NFC hardware business and other IoT device sales. We also continued testing our Near Field Communication (NFC) Temperature
Trackers, which provide real-time temperature sensing and data logging across the supply chain necessary with transportation of perishables;
food, drinks, pharmaceuticals, and other temperature sensitive products that can be negatively affected by conditions in transit. This
is still a new business silo that has not begun generating revenue, but we see this new technology as a natural extension into the world
of asset tracking, taking us beyond humans to tracking and monitoring of perishable shipments of food, beverages, biopharmaceuticals,
live organs and many other temperature sensitive shipments. In addition to temperature sensing we are now looking into NFC tags that
can authenticate products, addressing the multibillion dollar worldwide counterfeit market. 

GROWTH
STRATEGY 

We
have developed a multi-prong business model approach; business-to-business (B2B), business-to-consumer (B2C), Government and Military
sales, and licensing of our technology and IP. We have successfully proven out all our models in a small scale. With B2C, we continue
to invest in e-commerce and once we can hit critical mass with lower pricing, we will expand into the mass consumer markets. With B2B
our strategy is to establish more partners and relationships with key industry leaders who will embed our technology into their products
to sell to their established customer base. In addition, we plan to continue working with the Military both in the U.S. and abroad. Lastly,
we plan to continue to identify companies that can license our IP. This approach requires time and capital to grow, however it is also
diversified so that all our eggs are not in one basket and once scaled can show rapid growth. As a growing underfinanced company, we
have managed to prove out our business models and now need to scale. Management believes that once we have the resources to scale any
of these models or all of them, we can expect to see steady and sustainable growth. We are still looking to raising capital to meet our growth
strategies through an Offering Statement on Form 1-A, filed on October 15, 2021 and qualified on October 27, 2021 (the Reg A ), and the Reg A may require updating once the 10K is filed. 

Key
elements of our growth strategy include: 

Providing
 our Personal Locator hardware module to licensees to empower their products with our two-way GPS tracking capabilities; 

OEM
 private label manufacturing; 

A
 mass market retail price under 99.00 for Personal Location devices; 

A
 monthly service fee structure, under 20.00; 

Reduction
 in hardware size and cost in order to open new markets; 

Continue
 expanding our medical reimbursement programs; 

Rolling
 out bio metrics and NFC; 

Expanding
 distribution channels; 

Increasing
 the number of solutions for the military and law enforcement markets; 

Ease
 of use at the location interface point as well as with the device, using state-of-the-art cloud computing and cloud application development
 and; 

Expanding
 our IP monetization campaign. 

COMPETITION 

Personal
location and asset tracking devices of various kinds are currently available from numerous vendors, and the number of competitive products
is increasing rapidly in the marketplace. Furthermore, many of the location products and services are available at no cost to the user
or are already included in other products. Nevertheless, we believe this rapidly growing market acceptance of the tracking solutions
that we offer represents an opportunity as the intrinsic value of the tracking solutions is recognized and mass market adoption continues.
The key competitive advantage for MetAlert in its lead SmartSole product is our innovative approach to embedding electronics inside a flexible
footwear system, which advantage is protected by an extensive patent portfolio and first to market. Another key competitive advantage
is our large and growing patent portfolio along with our ability, because we are a small company, to be agile and responsive while still
having deep and long industry knowledge of the GPS space. 

11 

Key
differentiators between ourselves and the competition is: 

B2B: 

Providing
 a comprehensive fully integrated, patented end-to-end solution comprised of hardware, software, and global connectivity, that can
 be embedded or OEM into other companies product lines. 

Being
 small and nimble we can provide faster turnaround times and lower pricing, which has been a key advantage in our military business. 

B2C: 

Our
 BLE GPS SmartSole is the only non-visible, non-intrusive tracking and monitoring solution. 

There
are numerous competitors for GPS products in general, and for our LOCiMOBILE smart phone applications, including Location
Based Technologies, Inc., Google Latitude, Foursquare, Trimble Navigation, Inc., Brick House Security, Verizon, and Trackimo, Inc. Many
of our competitors are better financed than we are and/or have greater marketing and scientific resources than we can provide. We are
also aware of a number of domestic and foreign competitors that offer much lower quality products in order to gain market share. The
U.S. Government systems integration business is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change due to new requirements and budget
allocation. We compete with many military suppliers and other large and diverse companies attempting to enter or expand their presence
in the U.S. Government market. Many of the existing and potential competitors have greater financial, operating, and technological resources
than we have. The competitive environment may require us to make changes in our pricing, services, or marketing. The competitive bidding
process involves substantial costs and a number of risks, including significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids and proposals
for contracts that may not be awarded to us, or that may be awarded, but for which we do not receive meaningful revenues. Accordingly,
our success depends on our ability to develop services and products that address changing needs and to provide people and technology
needed to deliver these services and products. In the government services sector, our competition includes large systems integrators
and defense contractors. Some of these competitors include global defense and IT service companies such as, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon.
However so far being small and nibble along with our ability to deliver product and services, quickly, at a fair market price and customize
products on demand, have been to our advantage, over many larger competitors. 

EMPLOYEES
AND CONSULTANTS 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had eight full-time and part-time employees along with three consultants and two commission-based sales
personnel. Any selling, marketing, technical, IT and/or software development work that is not handled by our employees, advisors, or
sales personnel, is outsourced to qualified contractors and consultants. The Company has over a dozen active outside consultants and
contractors which are hired on an as needed basis. 

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION 

We
are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations applied to businesses generally as well as FCC, IC and CE wireless device
regulations and controls. We believe that we are in conformity with all applicable laws in all relevant jurisdictions. We do not believe
that our operations are subject to any environmental laws and regulations of the United States nor the states in which they operate. 

Because our SmartSoles are sold
globally, our certification s not only cover domestic regulations and controls but the international regulations and controls required
under FCC, RED, CE and IC certifications. 

ITEM
 1A: 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Investing
in our common stock is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Any potential investor should carefully consider the risks
and uncertainties described below before purchasing any shares of our common stock. The risks described below are those we currently
believe may materially affect us. If any of them occur, our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flow could be materially
harmed. As a result, the trading price of our stock could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. Our business, financial
condition and operating results, or the value of any investment you make in the stock of our company, or both, could be adversely affected
by any of the factors listed and described below. These risks and uncertainties, however, are not the only ones that we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently think are immaterial, may also impair our business operations
or the value of your investment. 

12 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We
make forward-looking statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere
in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements
include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations, which follow under the headings Business ,
 Liquidity and Capital Resource , and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by or include the words
 believes , expects , anticipates , intends , plans , estimates 
or similar expressions. 

Any
number of risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements,
including the risks and uncertainties we describe below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with
the SEC. We therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this report
speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as
a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise. 

Risks
related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has affected our business in many different ways, and may continue to amplify the risks and uncertainties facing our
business and their potential impact on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected U.S. consumer shopping patterns and caused the overall health of the U.S. economy to deteriorate.
In 2021 and 2022, our sales growth was most pronounced in lower margin categories with an increased percentage originated through our
digital channels. While some of the changes in customer shopping patterns in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic may be temporary,
others could become long-lasting. If the shifts in our category sales mix to lower-margin merchandise and fulfilling a significantly
larger percentage of our sales through digital channels become long-lasting and we are unable to offset the lower margin and increased
costs of fulfilling orders outside of our traditional in-store channel with efficiencies, cost-savings, or expense reductions, our results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

Shifts
in shopping patterns during the COVID-19 pandemic have also significantly affected our inventory position and disrupted our supply chain.
At times we have been unable to procure certain merchandise items in the quantities our customers seek, including those most in demand
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. If we have additional times where we are unable to re-stock those products for an extended period, it may
lead to lost sales and negatively affect our results of operations. Our vendors have been and may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic
in differing ways. Some financially distressed vendors may be unable to survive the COVID-19 pandemic, which would require us to seek
alternative vendors, while others are having difficulty supplying us products in the quantities our customers seek, which could negatively
affect our results of operations. 

Our
Company, digital channels, and distribution center have remained open during the COVID-19 pandemic. We have incurred significant SG A
expenses related to efforts to protect the health and well-being of our team members. Most of our Company s operations have
transitioned to remote working arrangements, which has amplified our already extensive reliance on computer systems and on our continued
and unimpeded access to the Internet to use those systems. During parts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have had to temporarily alter other
parts of our operations, including adjusting our in-store returns process, suspending physical inventory counts. Those temporary alterations
to our operations have at times negatively affected, and in the future could negatively affect, the guest experience, sales, and our
results of operations. In addition, if guests or team members have negative perceptions about the cleanliness and safety of our stores
in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, our reputation, the guest experience, sales, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

13 

A
continued and prolonged deterioration in the health in the U.S. economy could lead to a reduction in our sales in the future, which could
magnify any negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations and negatively and materially affect additional areas
of our business. 

The
full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial position, and results of operations may not be known for
an extended period and will depend on future developments, many of which are outside of our control, including the duration and spread
of the COVID-19 pandemic, the availability and effectiveness of the COVID-19 vaccines, and related actions taken by the U.S., state,
local, and international governments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues without improvement
or worsens, its impacts could be more prolonged and may become more severe. The fluidity of this situation limits our ability to predict
the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our business, financial condition, and financial performance, which could be material. 

RISKS
RELATED TO CLIMATE 

We
may suffer climate related risks in the future 

The
industry-led Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) establishes recommendations for disclosing clear, comparable
and consistent information about the risks and opportunities presented by climate change. It is expected to help companies better demonstrate
responsibility and foresight in how they consider climate change issues, make smarter, more efficient allocations of capital and facilitate
the transition towards a more sustainable, low-carbon economy. 

MetAlert
Corp believes that decision-useful climate-related information in mainstream reports is needed more than ever. The TCFD recommendations
fit well into our commitment to conduct business in a financially, environmentally and socially responsible way. We believe the TCFD
recommendations will assure investors that MetAlert Corp takes climate change seriously and works proactively to understand the risks and
opportunities to our business related to climate change. 

We
will take a step-wise approach to incorporate climate-related disclosures as per the TCFD recommendations into our Annual Report; Below
is a summary of how MetAlert Corp addresses the risks related to climate change. 

All
our decisions are driven by the Triple Bottom Line (TBL) business principle: a commitment to do business in a way that is financially,
environmentally, and socially responsibility. 

Our
risk management process is governed by our Executive Management and is designed to ensure that key business risks are effectively identified,
assessed, and mitigated so that they do not affect the company s ability to achieve its business objectives. 

Climate-related
risks are identified and assessed through the risk management system. So far, neither the short-term nor the medium-term risk of climate
change at company level has been material/critical in terms of potential direct impacts. The risks have therefore been identified, assessed
and mitigated through individual departments or business units. 

For
the upstream production and sourcing of components MetAlert Corp performs an annual risk assessment of all active direct spend items and vendor
combinations on the approved supplier list. The assessment includes likelihood of disruption paired with financial implications. The
risk assessment serves to provide input for risk mitigation in sourcing categories, and consequently prioritize actions to prevent or
minimize the impact of supply disruptions on manufacturing. The assessment includes a natural hazards risk rating of supplier locations,
provided by external insurance companies. The risk rating is related to various parameters, including flooding, earthquake, wind speed,
tornado, hailstorm, and lightning. 

14 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We
will need additional funding in the near future to continue our current level of operations and growth. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 3,233,209and an accumulated deficit of 27,556,471. In addition, for the
year ended December 31, 2022, we had a loss of 1,503,087. Revenues generated from our current operations are not sufficient to pay
our on-going operating expenses. In addition to product and services sales, our working capital needs in 2022 were partially funded
by the sale of approximately 15,264 in PPE s, the sale of our securities under our Reg A for 180,000. Therefore, we
continue to obtain additional funding from the sale of our securities or from strategic transactions in order to fund our current
level of operations. 

Aside
from continuing these loan transactions, we have not identified the sources for additional financing that we may require, and we do not
have commitments from third parties to continue to provide this financing. Being a micro-cap stock, certain investors may be unwilling
to invest in our securities. There is no assurance that sufficient funding through a financing will be available to us at acceptable
terms or at all. Historically, we have raised capital through the issuance of convertible debt securities or straight equity securities.
However, given the risks associated with our business, the risks associated with our common stock, the worldwide financial uncertainty
that has affected the capital markets, and our status as a small, unknown public company, we expect in the near future, we will have difficulty raising capital through traditional financing sources. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we will be able
to raise capital, or if we are able to raise capital, that such capital will be in the amounts needed. Our failure to raise capital,
when needed, and in sufficient amounts, will severely impact our ability to continue to develop our business as planned. In addition,
if we are unable to obtain funding as, and when needed, we may have to further reduce and/or cease our future operations. Any additional
funding that we obtain in an equity or convertible debt financing is likely to reduce the percentage ownership of the company held by
our existing security holders. 

Based
on the above factors, our auditors have concluded that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

There
is substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets
and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred net losses of 1,503,087
and 1,200,458 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has incurred losses since inception resulting in an accumulated
deficit of 27,556,471 as of December 31, 2022, and has negative working capital of 3,233,209 as of December 31, 2022. A significant
part of our negative working capital position on December 31, 2022 consisted of 843,000, of amounts due to various accredited investors
of the Company for convertible promissory notes, loans and a letter of credit, as well as the current portion of 7,903 in CARE loans.
The Company anticipates further losses in the development of its business. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining
the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.
The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of debt or equity is unknown. The obtainment of
additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, or its attainment of profitable
operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include
any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

We
have had operating losses since formation and expect to continue to incur net losses for the near term. 

We
currently have a working capital deficit and our current and projected revenues are not sufficient to fund our anticipated operating
needs. We have reported net losses of 1,503,087 and 1,200,458 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. While we
anticipate that revenues will increase in 2023, unless our sales increase substantially in the near future, we will continue to incur
net losses in the near term, and we may never be able to achieve profitability. In order to achieve profitable operations, we need to
significantly increase our revenues from the sales of product, subscriptions and licensing fees. We cannot be certain that our business
will ever be successful or that we will generate significant revenues and become profitable. As a result, an investment in our company
is highly speculative and no assurance can be given that our business model will be successful and, therefore, that our stockholders
will realize any return on their investment or that they will not lose their entire investment. 

15 

Our
current sources of funding are limited, and any additional funding that we may obtain may be on unfavorable terms and may significantly
dilute our existing shareholders. 

We
have not identified sources to fund our current and proposed operating activities. The amount of revenues that we currently generate
is not sufficient to fund our operating expenses. As a result, unless and until our revenues increase significantly in the near future,
we will have to obtain additional public or private equity financings or debt financings in order to continue our operations. Any additional
funding that we obtain in a financing is likely to reduce the percentage ownership of the Company held by our existing security-holders.
The amount of this dilution may be substantial based on our current stock price, and could increase if the trading price of our common
stock declines at the time of any financing from its current levels. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities,
our stockholders will experience further dilution. If we raise funds through debt financings, we may become subject to restrictive covenants.
We may also attempt to raise funds through corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional
funds through such means, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or products, or grant licenses on terms that
are not favorable to us. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
If we are unable to obtain the needed additional funding, we will have to reduce or even totally discontinue our operations, which would
have a significant negative impact on our stockholders and could result in a total loss of their investment in our stock. 

Our
future capital requirements, and our currently projected operating and liquidity requirements, will depend on many factors, including: 

The
 ramping and scaling of the GPS SmartSole and BLE SmartSole; 

Supporting
 growth with advertising and marketing; 

Our
 ongoing general and administrative expenses related to our being a reporting company; 

The
 cost of developing and improving our products and technologies thru R D to stay competitive; and 

The
 maintenance and the ongoing development of our IP portfolio. 

Funding,
especially on terms acceptable to us, may not be available to meet our future capital needs because of the state of the credit and capital
markets. Global market and economic conditions have been, and continue to be, disruptive and volatile. The cost of raising money in the
debt and equity capital markets for smaller companies like ours has increased substantially while the availability of funds from those
markets has diminished significantly. Also, low valuations and decreased appetite for equity investments, among other factors, may make
the equity markets difficult to access on acceptable terms or unavailable altogether. 

If
adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, scale-back or eliminate our product enhancement and new product development
programs. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all, if and when required. 

Our
projected revenues in 2023 rely on the scaling of the our new 4G LTE GPS SmartSole , adding subscribers, increasing our
military business, growing our OEM and IP monetization business, and continuing the sales of PPE and other related medical products and
supplies. 

The
financial slow down caused by Covid-19 at the beginning of 2020, impacted our subscription business and launch our new 4G SmartSoles,
thus we did not generate adequate revenues in 2021 and 2022 from the sales of the SmartSoles and from on-going subscription fees to
cover all of our operating expenses. Our revenue projections for 2023 assume that the revenues we generate from the SmartSole, including
subscriptions will increase from the amount generated in 2022 and that our other business units will grow accordingly. However, we cannot
predict the future and continued market acceptance of the SmartSole product line. Accordingly, it is uncertain whether our revenues will
equal our internally projected levels. Failure to reach our target revenue levels will materially, and adversely, affect our financial
condition. 

16 

The
nature of our business is speculative and dependent on a number of variables beyond our control that cannot be reliably ascertained in
advance. 

The
revenues and profits of an enterprise involved in the location based business are generally dependent upon many variables. Our customer
appeal depends upon factors which cannot be reliably ascertained in advance and over which we have no control, such as unpredictable
customer and media reviews, industry analyst commentaries, and comparisons to competitive products. As with any relatively new business
enterprise operating in a specialized and intensely competitive market, we are subject to many business risks which include, but are
not limited to, unforeseen marketing difficulties, excessive research and development expenses, unforeseen negative publicity, competition,
product liability issues, manufacturing and logistical difficulties, and lack of operating experience. Many of the risks may be unforeseeable
or beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement our business plan in a timely or effective manner,
that we will be able to generate sufficient interest in our products, or that we will be able to market and sell enough products and
services to generate sufficient revenues to continue as a going concern. 

Our
wireless location products and technologies have to continuously evolve and respond to market changes. If we are unable to commercially
release products that are accepted in the market or that generate significant revenues, our financial results will continue to suffer. 

Wireless
technology is rapidly changing, as are the products that our customers are demanding. In order to be able to provide our customers with
the products and services that they desire, we too must continuously develop and offer new and improved products and services. We have
attempted to adjust our product offerings to address changing market conditions by offering products such as proprietary GPS enabled
transport containers, footwear location products, and a variety of smartphone location Apps, secure backpacks, etc. These products have
met with short-term or limited commercial success, and there can be no assurances that consumer or commercial demand for our future products
will meet, or even approach, our expectations. In addition, our pricing and marketing strategies may not be successful. Lack of customer
demand, a change in marketing strategy and changes to our pricing models could dramatically alter our financial results. Unless we are
able to release location based products that meet a significant market demand, we will not be able to improve our financial condition
or the results of our future operations. 

In
order for our products to be successful, we need to establish market recognition quickly, following the introduction of our products. 

We
believe it is imperative to our success that we obtain significant market recognition to compete in our various markets. Accordingly,
it is important that we establish market recognition for our brands in order to be able to continue to be a material participant in the
large markets that we are addressing. To date, we have utilized various marketing and free media exposure and have tried to build market
recognition both directly for our products and also by tying our products to our LOCiMOBILE Apps that we own. However, because of our
lack of funding and limited resources, our ability to quickly establish our brands may be severely hampered. 

We
may encounter manufacturing or assembly problems for our products, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. 

To
date, we have only manufactured a limited number of products. In addition, we are continually redesigning and enhancing our products
and we are designing new products based on that technology that we hope to manufacture and market in the near future. The manufacture
and assembly of our products involves complex and precise processes, some of which have subcontracted to other companies and consultants.
To date, we have experienced some quality issues with the limited production of some of our initial products. Although we continue to
address these issues, we have only manufactured a limited quantity of products and so we do not yet know whether we will encounter any
serious problems in the production of larger quantities of our existing or new products. Any significant problems in manufacturing, assembling
or testing our products could delay the sales of our products and have an adverse impact on our business and prospects. The willingness
of manufacturers to make the product, or lack of availability of manufacturing capacity, may have an adverse impact on the availability
of our products and on our ability to sell our products. Manufacturing difficulties will harm our ability to compete and adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition, and may hinder our ability to grow our business as we expect. 

17 

We
primarily depend upon two manufacturers for the components of our SmartSole and if we encounter problems with these manufacturers there
is no assurance that we could obtain products from other manufacturers without significant disruptions to our business. 

The
principal components and subassemblies of our products are currently manufactured for us by two manufacturers. Although we could arrange
for other manufacturers to supply these components and subassemblies, there is no assurance that we could do so without undue cost, expense
and delay. If our manufacturers are unable to provide us with adequate supplies of high-quality components on a timely and cost-efficient
basis, our operations will be disrupted and our net revenue and profitability will suffer. Moreover, if those manufacturers cannot consistently
produce high-quality products that are free of defects, we may experience a high rate of product returns, which would also reduce our
profitability and may harm our reputation and brand. Although we believe that we could locate alternate contract manufacturers, our operations
would be impacted until alternate manufacturers are found. 

Our
markets are highly competitive, and our failure to compete successfully would limit our ability to sell our products, attract and retain
customers and grow our business. 

Our
markets are highly competitive, and we expect that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Within each of our
markets, we encounter direct competition from various larger U.S. and non-U.S. competitors. The adoption of new technology in the communications
industry likely will intensify the competition for improved wireless location technologies. The wireless location services market has
historically been dominated by large companies, such as Siemens AG, AT T and LoJack Corporation. In addition, a number of other companies
such as Trimble Navigation, Zoomback, Verizon, FireFly, Disney, Mattel, Digital Angel Corporation, Location-Based Technologies, Inc.
and WebTech Wireless Inc. either have announced plans for new products or have commenced selling products that are similar to our wireless
location products, and new competitors are emerging both in the U.S. and abroad to compete with our wireless location services products.
Due to the rapidly evolving markets in which we compete, additional competitors with significant market presence and financial resources
may enter those markets, thereby further intensifying competition, adversely affecting our sales, and adversely affecting our business
and prospects. 

We
may not be successful in developing our new products and services. 

The
market for telecommunications-based products and services is characterized by rapid technological change, changing customer needs, frequent
new product introductions and evolving industry standards. These market characteristics are exacerbated by the emerging nature of this
market and the fact that many companies are expected to continually introduce new and innovative products and services. Our success will
depend partially on our ability to introduce new products, services, and technologies continually and on a timely basis and to continue
to improve the performance, features and reliability of our products and services in response to both evolving demands of prospective
customers and competitive products. There can be no assurance that any of our new or proposed products or services will maintain the
limited market acceptance that we have to date established. Our failure to design, develop, test, market and introduce new and enhanced
products, technologies and services successfully so as to achieve market acceptance could have a material adverse effect upon our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

There
can be no assurance that we will not experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, or
marketing of new or enhanced products and services, or that our new products and services will adequately satisfy the requirements of
prospective customers and achieve significant acceptance by those customers. Because of certain market characteristics, including technological
change, changing customer needs, frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards, the continued introduction
of new products and services is critical. Delays in the introduction of new products and services may result in customer dissatisfaction
and may delay or cause a loss of revenue. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing new products or services
or improving existing products and services that respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards. 

In
addition, new or enhanced products and services introduced by us may contain undetected errors that require significant design modifications.
This could result in a loss of customer confidence which could adversely affect the use of our products, which in turn, could have a
material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

18 

Our
software products are complex and may contain unknown defects that could result in numerous adverse consequences, resulting in costly
litigation or diverting management s attention and resources. 

Complex
software products such as those associated with our products often contain latent errors or defects, particularly when first introduced,
or when new versions or enhancements are released. We have experienced and addressed errors and defects in the software associated with
our products, but do not believe these errors will have a material negative effect in the future on the functionality of the products.
However, there can be no assurance that, despite testing, additional defects and errors will not be found in the current version, or
in any new versions or enhancements of this software or any of our products, any of which could result in damage to our reputation, the
loss of sales, a diversion of our product development resources, and/or a delay in market acceptance, and thereby materially adversely
affecting our business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our products will meet
all of the expectations and demands of our customers. The failure of our products to perform to customer expectations could give rise
to warranty claims. Any of these claims, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation or divert management s attention
and resources. Any product liability insurance that we may carry could be insufficient to protect us from all liability that may be imposed
under any asserted claims. 

If
we are not able to take advantage of developments in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience
a decline in the demand for our services, be unable to implement our business strategy and experience reduced profits. 

Our
industries are rapidly changing as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their location-based needs
and allow new entrants into the markets we serve. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in
technology, enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers changing demands. If we are unable
to meet future challenges from competing technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost, we could lose customers to our competitors.
We may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new services in the market. 

The
deployment of our 4G network is subject to a variety of risks, including those related to equipment and spectrum availability, unexpected
costs, and regulatory permitting requirements that could cause deployment delays or network performance issues. These issues could result
in significant costs or reduce the anticipated benefits of the enhancements to our products. If our services fail to gain acceptance
in the marketplace, or if costs associated with the implementation and introduction of these services materially increase, our ability
to retain and attract customers could be adversely affected. 

In
addition to introducing new offerings and technologies, we must phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies and services. If we
are unable to do so on a cost-effective basis, we could experience reduced profits. In addition, there could be legal or regulatory restraints
on our ability to phase out current services. 

We
cannot accurately predict our future revenues and expenses. 

We
are currently developing various sources of revenues based on market conditions and the type of products that we are marketing. Our sales
will not become stable and predictable until we either have a larger installed base of users for our tracking devices (which will provide
us with predictable, monthly revenues), we enter into other license agreements that provide us with regular royalties or subscription
revenues, or we consummate other large scale enterprise contracts. As such, the amount of revenues we receive from the sale and use of
our products, our subscriptions, and our licensing agreements, will fluctuate and depend upon our customer s willingness to buy
our products, and for our partner s abilities to sell the products that contain our technology. As with any developing enterprise
operating in a specialized and intensely competitive market, we are subject to many business risks which include, but are not limited
to, unforeseen negative publicity, competition, product liability and lack of operating experience. Many of the risks may be unforeseeable
or beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement our business plan in a timely manner, or generate
sufficient interest in our products or services, or that we will be able to market and sell enough products and services to generate
sufficient revenues to continue as a going concern. 

19 

Our
expense levels in the future will be based, in large part, on our expectations regarding future revenue, and as a result net income/loss
for any quarterly period in which material orders are delayed could vary significantly. In addition, our costs and expenses may vary
from period to period because of a variety of factors, including our research and development costs, our introduction of new products
and services, cost increases from third-party service providers or product manufacturers, production interruptions, changes in marketing
and sales expenditures, and competitive pricing pressures. 

There
are risks of international sales and operations. 

We
anticipate that a growing, and potentially substantial portion of our future revenue from the sale of our products and services may be
derived from customers located outside the United States. As such, a portion of our sales and operations could be subject to tariffs
and other import-export barriers, currency exchange risks and exchange controls, foreign product standards, potentially adverse tax consequences,
longer payment cycles, problems in collecting accounts receivable, political instability, and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign
operations. Although we intend to monitor our exposure to currency fluctuations and currently the U.S. dollar is very strong giving us
a significant buying advantage, there can be no assurance that exchange rate fluctuations will not have an adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. In the future, we could be required to sell our products and services in other currencies, which
would make the management of currency fluctuations more difficult and expose our business to greater risks in this regard. 

Our
products may be subject to numerous foreign government standards and regulations that are continually being amended. Although we will
endeavor to satisfy foreign technical and regulatory standards, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with foreign
government standards and regulations, or changes thereto, or that it will be cost effective for us to redesign our products to comply
with such standards or regulations. Our inability to design or redesign products to comply with foreign standards could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Because
of the global nature of the telecommunications business, it is possible that the governments of other states and foreign countries might
attempt to regulate our transmissions or prosecute us for violations of their laws. There can be no assurance that violations of local
laws will not be alleged by state or foreign governments, that we might not unintentionally violate such law, or that such laws will
not be modified, or new laws enacted, in the future. 

Any
of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

If
we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
or prevent fraud. As a result, our current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reports, which could harm
our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting and, depending on our future growth,
may require our independent registered public accounting firm to annually attest to our evaluation, as well as issue their own opinion
on our internal controls over financial reporting. The process of implementing and maintaining proper internal controls and complying
with Section 404 is expensive and time consuming. We cannot be certain that the measures we will undertake will ensure that we will maintain
adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Furthermore, if we are able to rapidly grow our business,
the internal controls that we will need will become more complex, and significantly more resources will be required to ensure our internal
controls remain effective. Failure to implement required controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our
operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we or our auditors discover a material weakness in our internal
controls, the disclosure of that fact, even if the weakness is quickly remedied, could diminish investors confidence in our financial
statements and harm our stock price. In addition, non-compliance with Section 404 could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions,
including the suspension of trading, ineligibility for future listing on one of the Nasdaq Stock Markets or national securities exchanges,
and the inability of registered broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which may reduce our stock price. 

20 

We
may suffer from product liability claims. 

Faulty
operation of our products may result in product liability claims brought against us. Regardless of the merit or eventual outcome, product
liability claims may materially adversely affect our business and further result in: 

decreased
 demand for our products or withdrawal of the products from the market; 

injury
 to our reputation and significant media attention; 

costs
 of litigation; and 

substantial
 monetary awards to plaintiffs. 

We
have purchased annual product liability insurance with liability limits of 1,000,000 per occurrence and 2,000,000 in the aggregate.
This coverage may not be sufficient to fully protect us against product liability claims. We intend to expand our product liability insurance
coverage as sales of our products expand. Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect
against product liability claims could prevent or limit the commercialization of our products and expose us to liability in excess of
our coverage . 

Our
ability to compete could be jeopardized and our business seriously compromised if we are unable to protect ourselves from third-party
challenges or infringement of the proprietary aspects of the wireless location products and technology we develop. 

Our
products utilize a variety of proprietary rights that are critical to our competitive position. Because the technology and intellectual
property associated with our wireless location products are evolving and rapidly changing, our current intellectual property rights may
not adequately protect us in the future. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and contractual
restrictions to protect the intellectual property utilized in our products. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. In addition, monitoring unauthorized use of our products
is difficult and we cannot be certain the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology. Also, it is possible that
no additional patents or trademarks will be issued from our currently pending or future patent or trademark applications. Because legal
standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of patent and intellectual property rights are uncertain and
still evolving, the future viability or value of our intellectual property rights is uncertain. Moreover, effective patent, trademark,
copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in some countries in which we distribute or anticipate distributing our products.
Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies that limit the value of our intellectual property, design
or patents. In addition, third parties may at some point claim certain aspects of our business infringe their intellectual property rights.
While we are not currently subject to nor aware of any such claim, any future claim (with or without merit) could result in one or more
of the following: 

Significant
 litigation costs; 

Diversion
 of resources, including the attention of management; 

Our
 agreement to pay certain royalty and/or licensing fees; 

Cause
 us to redesign those products that use such technology; or 

Cessation
 of our rights to use, market, or distribute such technology. 

Any
of these developments could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In the future,
we may also need to file lawsuits to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity
and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Whether successful or unsuccessful, such litigation could result in substantial costs
and diversion of resources. Such costs and diversion could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

21 

We
depend on our key personnel to manage our business effectively in a rapidly changing market. If we are unable to retain our key employees,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

Our
future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, efforts and continued services of our executive officers and other key
engineering, manufacturing, operations, sales, marketing and support personnel. If we were to lose the services of one or more of our
key executive officers or other key engineering, manufacturing, operations, sales, marketing and support personnel, we may not be able
to grow our business as we expect, and our ability to compete could be harmed, adversely affecting our business and prospects. 

Our
products depend on continued availability of GPS and cellular wireless telecommunications systems. 

Our
products use existing GPS and cellular wireless telecommunications systems to identify the position of our products. Any temporary or
permanent change in the availability of these systems, or any material change in the existing infrastructure and our ability to access
those systems, would materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially and adversely
affected. 

Rapid
technological change in our market and/or changes in customer requirements could cause our products to become obsolete or require us
to redesign our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The
market for our products is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, uncertain
product life cycles, changing customer demands and evolving industry standards, any of which can render existing products obsolete. We
believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to develop new and effective products in a timely manner and
on a cost-effective basis. As a result of the complexities inherent in our products, major new products and product enhancements can
require long development and testing periods, which may result in significant delays in the general availability of new releases or significant
problems in the implementation of new releases. In addition, if we or our competitors announce or introduce new products our current
or future customers may defer or cancel purchases of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. Our failure to develop successfully, on a timely and cost-effective basis, new products or new product enhancements
that respond to technological change, evolving industry standards or customer requirements would have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition. 

Changes
in the government regulation of our wireless location products or wireless carriers could harm our business. 

Our
products, wireless carriers and other components of the communications industry are subject to domestic government regulation by the
Federal Communications Commission (the FCC and international regulatory bodies. If we are unable to satisfy all of the
regulations of the FCC or any other regulatory body, we could be prevented from releasing one or more of our products, which could materially
and adversely affect our future revenues. In addition, any delay in obtaining FCC and other regulatory approval could likewise have a
negative impact on our business and on our relationships with our customers. These regulatory bodies could enact regulations that affect
our products or the service providers which distribute our products, such as limiting the scope of the service providers market,
capping fees for services provided by them or imposing communication technology standards which impact our products. Changes in these
regulations could affect our products and, thereby, adversely affect our business and operations. 

22 

Future
acquisitions or strategic investments may not be successful and may harm our operating results. 

As
part of our strategy, we have acquired or established smaller businesses, and we may do so in the future. For example, in the past we
established our LOCiMOBILE, Inc. subsidiary and purchased our Code Amber News Service, Inc. subsidiary, which was discontinued in February
2015. Future acquisitions or strategic investments could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results because
of: 

The
 assumption of unknown liabilities, including employee obligations. Although we normally conduct extensive legal and accounting due
 diligence in connection with our acquisitions, there are many liabilities that cannot be discovered, and which liabilities could
 be material. 

We
 may become subject to significant expenses related to bringing the financial, accounting and internal control procedures of the acquired
 business into compliance with U.S. GAAP financial accounting standards and the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

Our
 operating results could be impaired as a result of restructuring or impairment charges related to amortization expenses associated
 with intangible assets. 

We
 could experience significant difficulties in successfully integrating any acquired operations, technologies, customers products
 and businesses with our existing operations. 

Future
 acquisitions could divert substantial capital and our management s attention. 

We
 may not be able to hire the key employees necessary to manage or staff the acquired enterprise operations. 

Our
executive officers and directors have the ability to significantly influence matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. 

As
of April 17, 2023, our executive officers and directors, in the aggregate, beneficially own shares representing approximately
0.6792 of our common stock as well as super voting rights due to the Directors ownership of Preferred A shares (see Footnote
#13 of our Financial Statements included herein). Beneficial ownership includes shares over which an individual or entity has investment or voting power and includes shares
that could be issued upon the exercise of options and warrants within 60 days after the date of determination. On matters submitted
to our stockholders for approval, holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share. If our executive officers and
directors choose to act together, they would have significant influence over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval,
as well as our management and affairs. For example, these individuals, if they chose to act together, would have significant
influence on the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
This concentration of voting power could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company on terms that other stockholders may
desire. 

Failure
to manage growth effectively could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
success of our future operating activities will depend upon our ability to expand our support system to meet the demands of our growing
business. Any failure by our management to effectively anticipate, implement, and manage changes required to sustain our growth would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to successfully operate acquired businesses, become profitable in the future, or effectively manage any other change. 

RISKS
RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES 

The
resale of shares by the holders of our convertible promissory notes and our other investors could depress the market price of our common
stock . 

We
have issued a substantial amount of convertible promissory notes in the recent past to fund our working capital and other financial needs
and may need to do so in the future. A number of the holders of these convertible notes have been converting these promissory notes into
shares of our common stock. In addition, a substantial additional number of shares are issuable upon the conversion of currently outstanding
convertible notes. The resale of a significant number of these shares into the public market by the investors could depress the market
price of our common stock. 

23 

Our
convertible notes may be converted into shares of our common stock at less than the then-prevailing market price for our common stock
if the lenders chooses to convert the notes. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had short term convertible notes with outstanding principal balances totaling 843,000 and during the first
quarter of 2023 we did not enter into any additional short term convertible notes all of which can potentially be convertible into shares
of the Company s common stock at prices less than the then-prevailing market price. The lenders for these convertible notes have
a financial incentive to convert the notes and realize the profit equal to the difference between the conversion price and the market
price. If the convertible notes are converted, the price of our common stock could decrease. See further discussion regarding the conversion
features of our convertible debentures in footnote 8 of our Financial Statements included herein. 

During
2022, we converted notes payable with principal balances of approximately 114,062 owed to various investors and employees into
11,406,200 shares of our common stock. Our average market price during 2022 was 0.1600 per share. Although our goal is to limit
future issuances of such convertible notes, no assurance can be given that we will not have to raise funds from these types of
investments in the future. 

Our
common stock is thinly traded and the price of our common stock may be negatively impacted by factors that are unrelated to our operations. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink Open Market (the Pinks ). Trading of our stock through the Pinks is frequently thin and highly volatile.
The market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including market perception of our
ability to achieve our business objectives, trading volume in our common stock, changes in general conditions in the economy and the
financial markets, or other developments which affect us or our industry. In addition, the stock market is subject to extreme price
and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies for
reasons unrelated to their operating performance and could have the same effect on our common stock. 

When
we issue additional shares in the future, it will likely result in the dilution of our existing stockholders. 

Our
articles of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 2,071,000,000 shares of common stock with a 0.0001 par value, of which 17,177,206
common shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (we also are authorized to issue 10,000,000 preferred shares with a
par value of 0.0001, 15,385 of which have been issued and are outstanding Series-A, 3 of which have been issued and outstanding Series-B,
and 11 of which have been issued and outstanding Series-C). From time to time we may increase the number of shares available for issuance
in connection with our equity compensation plans. Our board of directors may fix and determine the designations, rights, preferences
or other variations of each class or series within each class of preferred stock and may choose to issue some or all of such shares to
provide additional financing or acquire more businesses in the future. 

The
issuance of any shares for acquisition, licensing or financing efforts, upon conversion of any preferred stock or exercise of warrants
and options, pursuant to our equity compensation plans, or otherwise may result in a reduction of the book value and market price of
the outstanding shares of our common stock. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuance will cause a reduction in the proportionate
ownership and voting power of all current stockholders. 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common
stock. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a
customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending
speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information
about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some
customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which
may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

24 

We
have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
If we do have available cash, we intend to use it to grow our business. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion
of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including but not limited to our financial condition, operating
results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at that time. In addition, our ability
to pay dividends on our common stock may be limited by Nevada corporate law. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common
stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors seeking cash
dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

The
elimination of monetary liability against our directors, officers and employees under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification
rights to our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our
directors, officers and employees. 

Our
Amended and Restated Bylaws contain specific provisions that eliminate the liability of our directors for monetary damages to our company
and stockholders, and permit indemnification of our directors and officers to the extent provided by Nevada law. We may also have contractual
indemnification obligations under our employment agreements with our officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result
in our company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers, which
we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage our company from bringing a lawsuit against directors
and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders
against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit our company and stockholders. 

You
may have difficulty selling our shares because they are deemed penny stocks. 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on the Pinks under the symbol MLRT. Since our common stock is not listed on a
national securities exchange, if the trading price of our common stock remains below 5.00 per share, trading in our common stock
will be subject to the requirements of certain rules promulgated under the Exchange Act, which require additional disclosure by
broker-dealers in connection with any trades involving a stock defined as a penny stock (generally, any non-national securities
exchange equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions). The additional
burdens imposed upon broker-dealers could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our common stock, which could
severely limit the market liquidity of the common stock and the ability of holders of the common stock to sell their
shares. 

Stockholders
should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of
fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related
to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through pre-arranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press
releases; (3) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons;
(4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities
by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of
those prices and with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny
stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate
in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established
with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

25 

ITEM
 2. 
 DESCRIPTION
 OF PROPERTIES 

We
have executive, administrative, and operating offices at 117 W 9 th Street, Suite 1214, Los Angeles, California 90015. Our
office space is approximately 1,600 square feet and consists of executive and administrative workspace for a base rent of 1,710 per
month, on a month-to-month basis. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may be involved in routine legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the
normal course of our business. The ultimate amount of liability, if any, for any claims of any type (either alone or in the aggregate)
may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, the ultimate outcome of
any litigation is uncertain. Any outcome, whether favorable or unfavorable, may materially and adversely affect us due to legal costs
and expenses, diversion of management attention and other factors. We expense legal costs in the period incurred. We cannot assure you
that additional contingencies of a legal nature or contingencies having legal aspects will not be asserted against us in the future,
and these matters could relate to prior, current or future transactions or events. 

We
are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. We are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us that
we expect will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, or operating results. However, legal claims
are inherently uncertain, and we cannot assure you that we will not be adversely affected in the future by legal proceedings. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the over-the-counter market on the Pinks trading platform under the symbol MLRT . And
first began trading on April 17, 2008. The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices for our common stock on the Pinks for the periods indicated. The quotations below reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark down, or commission,
and may not necessarily represent actual transactions: 

Year
 Ended 

December
 31, 2022 

High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter
 ended March 31, 2022 
 0.0128 
 0.0067 
 
 Quarter
 ended June 30, 2022 
 0.0105 
 0.0069 
 
 Quarter
 ended September 30, 2022 
 0.5052 
 0.0063 
 
 Quarter
 ended December 31, 2022 
 0.4900 
 0.1400 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2021 

High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter ended March 31, 2021 
 0.09 
 0.0116 
 
 Quarter ended June 30, 2021 
 0.03421 
 0.0165 
 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2021 
 0.0288 
 0.0116 
 
 Quarter ended December 31, 2021 
 0.0233 
 0.0105 

26 

Holders
of Record. 

As
of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 17,177,206 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding and were owned by approximately
290 holders of record, based on information provided by our transfer agent. The foregoing number of record holders does not include an
unknown number of stockholders who hold their stock in street name . 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

The
following is a summary of transactions involving sales of our securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). Each offer and sale were exempt from registration under either Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act or Rule 506(b) under Regulation D of the Securities Act. 

On
January 14, 2022, we issued 4,000,000 in common stock, valued at 39,600 to a firm as part of their agreement. 

On
January 21, 2022, an investor converted 10,000,000 of warrants into 10,000,000 shares of common stock at a strike of 0.0025 for 25,000
in cash. 

On
April 1, 2022, we issued 1,200,000 in common stock, valued at 11,400 to a firm as part of their agreement. 

On
April 6, 2022, an investor invested 150,000 in the Company s Reg A and received 5,000,000 of shares of common stock at a price
of 0.03. 

On
April 12, 2021, we issued 1,904,762 in restricted common stock to a firm as part of their agreement with a value of 18,476 on the date
of the agreement. 

On
April 1, 2022, we issued 1,200,000 in common stock, valued at 11,400 to a firm as part of their agreement. 

On
May 12, 2022, we issued 500,000 in common stock, valued at 3,450 to a firm as part of their agreement. 

On
July 20, 2022, an investor invested 30,000 in the Company s Reg A and received 1,000,000 of shares of common stock at a price
of 0.03. 

On
September 20, 2022, the Company s 65-1 reverse of its common shares was approved by FINRA. 

On
September 20, 2022, the Company issued 11,406,200 shares for the conversion for various notes to related parties at a fixed price of
 0.01. 

On
September 26, 2022, the Company issued 242,693 shares to various consultants for services valued at 37,860. 

On
September 28, 2022, the Company issued 100,00 shares to a consultant for services valued at 18,500. 

On
October 28, 2022, the Company issued 34,000 shares to a consultant for services valued at 12,000. 

On
November 25, 2022, the Company issued 1,550,000 shares to various consultants for services valued at 465,000. 

On
December 2, 2022, the Company issued 27,273 shares to a consultant for services valued at 12,000. 

Re-Purchase
of Equity Securities. 

None 

Dividends. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock ad we do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends on our capital
stock in the foreseeable future. Any payments of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend
upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, legal and contractual restrictions, and other factors deemed relevant
by our board of directors. 

27 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information. 

On
March 14, 2008, we adopted the 2008 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2008 Plan pursuant to which were authorized to grant
stock options, stock awards and stock appreciation rights of up to 7,000,000 shares of common stock to our employees, officers, directors
and consultants. The 2008 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
exercise of 
 outstanding options 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price 
of outstanding 
options 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column 
 (a)) 

(a) 

2022 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 2,234,877 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 2,234,877 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the audited financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this registration statement. Certain statements contained in this registration statement,
including statements regarding the anticipated development and expansion of our business, our intent, belief or current expectations,
primarily with respect to the future operating performance of our company and the products and services we expect to offer and other
statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Our Management s
Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also forward-looking statements which involve risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, our actual results
may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

MetAlert,
Inc. (OTC PINK: MLRT) and its subsidiaries (currently, Global Trek Xploration, Inc. and LOCiMOBILE, Inc.) are engaged in designing,
developing, manufacturing, distributing, selling and licensing products, services and intellectual property in the GPS/BLE wearable
technology, personal location, wandering assistive technology, and health data collection and monitoring. Global Trek Xploration
focuses on hardware and software design and development of products and services by offering a Global Positioning System GPS ), Bluetooth Low Energy BLE and cellular location platform that enables subscribers to track in
real time the whereabouts of people, pets or high valued assets through a miniaturized transceiver module, wireless connectivity
gateway, middleware and viewing portal. LOCiMOBILE, Inc. has developed and owns LOCiMobileTM, and Track My Work Force TMWF ), a suite of mobile tracking applications that turn the iPhone, Android, and other GPS enabled handsets into a
tracking device which can then be tracked from handset to handset or through our Location Data Center tracking portal and which
allows the user to send a map to the recipient s phone showing the user s location. 

28 

With
over 20 years of experience and an extensive patent portfolio, MetAlert is a leading solution provider for consumers/patients afflicted
with movement, cognitive and spatial awareness disorders. This market represents approximately 2.9 of the world s population.
The Company offers global end-to-end hardware, software, and connectivity solutions, in addition to developing two-way tracking technologies,
which seamlessly integrate with consumer products, enterprise and government agency applications. Utilizing the latest in miniaturized,
low power consumption GPS, Cellular, RF, NFC, and BLE technologies, enabling caregivers to track and monitor patients in real time. Known
for its game-changing and award-winning patented GPS SmartSole think Dr. Scholl s meets LoJack, the world s
first invisible wearable technology tracking device created for those at risk of wandering due to Alzheimer s, dementia, autism,
and traumatic brain injury. MetAlert s subscription-based business model is built around technology innovation with intellectual
property protection. The company has international distributors servicing customers across the globe with subscribers in over 40 countries
and is a U.S. Military Government contractor. Other customers include public health authorities, municipalities, emergency and law enforcement,
private schools, assisted living facilities, NGOs, small business enterprises, senior care homes and consumers. 

Year
in Review 

2022
started off with great optimism, as we sensed an end to COVID and a return to normal operations were in reach, and management set its
course for a post-pandemic year. We began selling down our remaining PPE inventory and forged ahead for our Cat M1 LTE SmartSole launch.
With businesses opening back up and overall general travel picking back up we started to see an uptick in B2B sales. We saw continued
demand for the new 4G SmartSoles with thousands of units forecasted for the year. 

Even
with COVID coming to an end, will still saw variants during the first quarter and thus saw a surge in orders for medical supplies which
enabled us to convert paid for inventory into cash while reducing our overall PPE inventory levels. Things appeared to be moving along
as planned, selling off already paid for inventory and using the cash for SmartSole production, which also enabled us to convert paid
for electronic components into finished product so we could start back filling pre-orders. We also started working on a new version of
our tracking app and a new e-commerce store on the Shopify platform, which would enable us to have more capabilities to sell through
social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram, along with having better accounting and inventory management capabilities as we
started ramping up domestic sales. 

On
the IP front, during the first quarter of 2022, we were issued two new patents by the United States Patent and Trademark Office
(USPTO). U.S. patent number 11,272,761 which is now the 4 th patent to be issued in the GPS SmartSole family and U.S.
patent number 11,272,313 which is now the 6 th patent to be issued in the Comm Protocol family. 

SmartSole
patent number 11,272,761 covers proprietary ways to protect and manufacture a GPS electronic module, including the inductive
charging unit inside an orthotic insole. The patent has 20 claims, 2 of which are independent and an open continuation for further
expansion, which has already been submitted to the USPTO. 

During
the second and third quarters we encountered some setbacks with our SmartSole production due to some supply chain issues which continue
to linger with a few components not always available in a timely manner. Even though the issues are significantly less than
the previous year, this product uses many specialized or customized components which are not easily sourced or available and therefore
continue to slow down our ability to make and deliver product as quickly as desired. We want to emphasize the issues are getting
better, we are seeing improvements monthly, and we continue to fill backorders as quickly as we can, but these delays have had an impact
on our 2022 revenues. 

While
managing our SmartSole production we did see an uptick in our NFC/NFT business, with monthly increases throughout the remainder of 2022
and into 2023. We showed a 348 growth from 2021 to 2022 in the NFC business. We are actively working on increasing this part of our
business as it is far less reliant on supply chains. We have an excellent vendor for the main electronic component and worked throughout
the year to maximize efficiencies and streamline our processes so we can get orders shipped out within a few days from time of receipt. 

29 

In
2022, we undertook evolutionary steps to transform and rebrand the company. We initiated multiple corporate actions, including a name
change from GTX Corp to MetAlert, Inc., ticker symbol change from GTXO to MLRT, CUSIP number change and we effectuated a reverse stock
split. We started the process in June of 2022 and successfully finalized all of our corporate actions on October 19, 2022. 

Senior
management and the board of directors strongly believe these initiatives were in the long-term best interest of the company and its
shareholders for several reasons. For example, our previous name no longer reflected and symbolized our mission and purpose and even
though we are and have been a fully reporting S.E.C. Company for over 14 years, being a penny stock on the OTC Pink Open Market was not
providing us with all the benefits of being a public company. We did not have significant market liquidity because of the trading volatility
often associated with low-priced stocks, many brokerage houses and institutional investors have internal policies and practices that
either prohibit them from investing in low-priced (sub-penny) stocks or tend to discourage individual brokers from recommending low-priced
stocks to their clients. During those months between June and October we had several regulatory bodies such as the SEC, FINRA, the State
of Nevada, lawyers and auditors review the company thoroughly and we believe having successfully completed all our initiatives will well
position the Company to achieve its aspirations to up list to a more senior exchange. 

We
acknowledge so far, the plan has taken longer than expected and we walked straight
into a tumultuous market, which was a contributing factor in our recent stock price decline. 

However,
management and the board still believe the transformation and rebranding will help facilitate some of our business initiatives, such
as applying for Medicare reimbursement, looking into various complimentary acquisitions, the integration of other wearable medical devices
into our SmartSole plus platform, building our network of partners and adding new distribution channels. 

As
part of the rebranding, the Company will be expanding its product line and will no longer merely sell tracking solutions, but rather
more comprehensive remote patient monitoring solutions which will enable us to grow both vertically and horizontally. Vertically, we
will be offering more than just tracking locations, we will be including fall detection, biometrics, analytics, telehealth, and a host
of other related medical services. We plan to also grow horizontally and expand our target audience beyond seniors with Alzheimer s
or dementia, or children with autism. We are now looking at a much broader range of individuals that may have cognitive decline and other
ailments and need other remote patient monitoring services. The combination of these factors should help broaden our revenue base in
the coming years, by adding those additional services to our monthly recurring service fees, which now range between 5.00 to 100 per
month per device. 

The
above-mentioned endeavors required significant time and effort, combined with a component recall from one of our suppliers, impacted
on our ability to generate meaningful revenues in 2022. The component recall made it such that we could not manufacture any new inventory
of our GPS SmartSoles. As we had very little inventory left from the second quarter, we were only able to ship smaller than anticipated
quantities of SmartSoles to our customers in Q3 and Q4. The situation is now resolved, and production is now close to 90 . This situation
has created a significant backlog of orders, which we expect to fulfil over the coming months. 

On
the strategic side, we: 

Added
 several new partners, including RoomMate and POD Group; 

Started
 testing with new distributors in Europe; 

Hired
 a new salesperson that will be solely working certain vertical markets and channels for both SmartSoles and the RoomMate products; 

Hired
 several new marketing firms to help tell our story to the business and investment community at large about our transformation into
 MetAlert; 

We
 hired an investment banking firm to help us with future corporate initiatives including an up list and assisting in acquisitions.

30 

At
the end of the fourth quarter of 2022, we began looking at making an acquisition which we announcement in January of 2023. At that time,
we had expected to be able to complete our due diligence and an audit by the end of March. It was an aggressive timeline to get all that
done along with getting our audit completed, but both companies had committed to moving quickly. Unfortunately, we were not able to hit
our target date and complete the due diligence or the audit of Trak Tec which was required for an acquisition. We are still engaged with
the company and their management team and having ongoing dialogue on how to best move forward. We are now exploring an asset purchase
or a licensing agreement, and since this was going to be a cash and stock transaction, our board believes further dialogue will also
allow the markets to stabilize, allowing time for our stock price to rebound. 

Sources
of Revenue 

Our
main sources of revenue are product sales, recurring subscriptions, technology and intellectual property licensing, and professional
services. 

Product
Sales 

During
 2021 the majority of our product sales came from medical supplies, as determined by COVID-19 demand. 

Post
 COVID we expect the majority of our product sales will consist of our core products lines, i.e. SmartSoles, Take-Along-Trackers and
 other hardware related tracking technologies. 

Other
Revenue: 

Subscription
 monitoring fees - charged to customers/subscribers for our web-based tracking and information services. 

Licensing
 of our patents, technology and software platforms. 

Professional
 fees for new product designs and support and maintenance of existing products. 

Other including non-compete agreements. 

Costs
and Expenses 

Cost
of Revenue 

Hardware
 - consists primarily of manufacturing and assembly of raw materials. 

Recurring
 usage fees for data and 24/7 access to our platform. 

Licensing
 legal, USPTO and related filing fees and maintenance fees and engineering development costs. 

Operating
Expense 

Operating
 expenses consists primarily of SG A, which includes, but is not limited to payroll, rent, infrastructure and communication, professional
 fees and other related office expenses. 

Sales
and Marketing Expense 

Sales
 and marketing expenses for the purchase of advertising time/space. 

Other
Expense 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense. 

Research
and Development Expense 

Consists
 of costs related to the development of new products. 

Key
Business Metrics 

In
addition to our GAAP financial information, we utilize several performance indicators. Below are several key metrics we use to manage
and evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business and make strategic decisions: 

Number
 of new customers 

Number
 of subscribers, current, new and churn; 

Number
 of new product launches; 

Number
 of new geographical territories; and 

Number
 of 3 rd party payers, i.e. Medicare. 

31 

Results
of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this
Annual Report. 

The
following table represents our statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

of Revenues 
 
 of Revenues 

Product sales 
 213,306 
 64 
 407,357 
 69 
 
 Subscription and other revenue 
 121,300 
 36 
 182,083 
 31 
 
 IP royalties 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 
 334,606 
 100 
 589,440 
 100 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 189,758 
 57 
 334,186 
 57 
 
 Gross Margin 
 144,848 
 43 
 255,254 
 43 

Operating expenses: 

Wages and benefits 
 509,064 
 152 
 501,544 
 85 
 
 Professional fees 
 757,371 
 226 
 337,627 
 57 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 22,733 
 7 
 75,391 
 13 
 
 General and administrative 
 226,055 
 68 
 245,238 
 42 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,515,223 
 453 
 1,159,800 
 197 

Gain/(loss) from operations 
 (1,370,375 
 -410 
 (904,546 
 -153 

Other expense/income, net 
 (132,712 
 -40 
 (295,912 
 -48 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,503,087 
 -449 
 (1,200,458 
 -204 

Revenues 

Revenues as a whole in fiscal 2022
decreased by 43 or 254,834 in comparison to fiscal 2021 mostly as a direct result from the overall setbacks transitioning out from
COVID, and back into our core remote patient monitoring business. For most of 2022 we experienced delays due to the massive global
disruptions in supply chains. For our core product the GPS SmartSole, we source our electronic components from all over the world,
which led to our inability to get all of our components on a timely basis, thereby significantly prohibiting us from being able to
manufacture the quantities we needed to meet customer demands. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s customer base and revenue streams were comprised of approximately 62 B2B (Wholesale
Distributors and Enterprise Institutions), 37 B2C (consumers and government agencies who bought on the behalf of consumers, through
our online ecommerce platform and through Amazon, Google and iTunes), 0.00 IP (our monetization campaign from consulting, licensing
and asserting our patents) and 1.00 Military and Law Enforcement. 

32 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s customer base and revenue streams were comprised of approximately 37.57 B2B (Wholesale
Distributors and Enterprise Institutions), 60.70 B2C (consumers and government agencies who bought on the behalf of consumers, through
our online ecommerce platform and through Amazon, Google and iTunes), 0.00 IP (our monetization campaign from consulting, licensing
and asserting our patents) and 1.73 Military and Law Enforcement. 

Cost
of goods sold 

Cost
of goods sold decreased by 43 or 144,428 during fiscal year 2022 in comparison to fiscal year 2021, due to lower sales. As a
result, total gross margin, remained basically steady at 43 in fiscal 2022 and 2021. 

Wages
and benefits 

Wages
and benefits for fiscal year 2022 increased by 7,520 or 1 as compared to fiscal year 2021. 

Professional
fees 

Professional
fees consist of costs attributable to consultants and contractors who primarily spend their time on legal, accounting, product
development, business development, corporate advisory services and shareholder communications. Such costs increased 419,744 or 124 
in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. This was as a result of stock-based compensation related to investment banking and
consulting services. 

Sale
and marketing expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 70 or 52,658 during fiscal
year 2022 in comparison to fiscal year 2021. Primarily due to a large PPE campaign in 2021, that was not used in 2022 as the Covid response
waned. 

General
and administrative 

General and administrative costs during fiscal year 2022 decreased by 19,184
or 8 , in comparison to fiscal year 2021, mostly due to decreases in accrued expenses and the reduction in the bad debt allowance as customers
paid down outstanding accounts receivable. 

Other
expense/income, net 

Other
expense/income in fiscal year 2022 decreased 163,200 or 55 , in comparison to fiscal year 2021. This is primarily as a result of
decreases in losses from the extinguishment of debt, and the reduction of the amortization of debt discounts, and the forgiveness of
CARE and EDD loans and refunds. 

Net
loss 

Net
loss during fiscal year 2022 increased by 302,629, or 25 , in comparison to the net loss incurred during fiscal year 2021 primarily
as a result of the decrease in PPE related sales as the pandemic crisis ebbed and as the supply chain delays and an electronic component recall delayed
the full start of our SmartSole 4G launch. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 8,534 in cash and 8,045 of other current assets, and 3,334,542 of current liabilities, resulting in a
working capital deficit of 3,233,209 compared to 138,342 in cash and a working capital deficit of approximately 2,829,165 as of December
31, 2021. 

33 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 506,950 for fiscal 2022 compared to net cash used of 497,684 for fiscal 2021, an increase of
1.86 . The increase in net cash used in operating activities was largely attributed to the net change in non-cash items that includes: stock
based compensation, loss on the extinguishment of debt, the elimination of derivative income and the interest and financing costs on
note assignments and the net change in operating assets and liabilities that includes increased spending for inventory, the payment of
accounts payable and accrued expenses, including interest expense attributable to the reduction in debt. 

Net
cash used by investing activities during fiscal 2022 was 3,308 and net cash provided by investing activities during fiscal year 2021
was 98,763, respectively and consisted of the purchase of intangible assets in 2022 and proceeds from the sale of marketable securities
in 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2022 was 380,450 and consisted of proceeds totaling 145,000 in proceeds from the
issuance of debt, 25,000 from the conversion of warrants, 180,000 from proceeds from the Reg A, and proceeds from the line of credit
of 144,118 with payments on debt and the lines of credit of 113,668. Net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2021 was
 657,877 and consisted of proceeds totaling 675,000 in proceeds from the sale of preferred shares of stock with payments on debt and
the lines of credit of 17,123. 

We
expect to continue to generate revenues from all our business units from existing product sales, recurring subscriptions, software and
Intellectual Property licensing, military and professional services. We also expect to see new revenues come in from recently launched
products and products that are scheduled for launch throughout 2022 however, even though existing product sales and recurring subscriptions
are starting to become more consistent, the amount of revenues is still unpredictable and may not be sufficient to fund all our working
capital needs. Accordingly, we anticipate that we will have negative cash flow from our operations and, therefore, will have to raise
additional capital in order to fund our operations in 2023. 

In
order to continue funding our working capital needs and our product development costs we continued to draw upon our Lines of Credit with
our bank (see Notes Payable Footnote 8 in our Financial Statements included
herein for more information), which resulted in 144,118 of draws and repayments of 69,467 against this
balance in fiscal year 2022. Further,
the Company continues to raise capital through an Offering Statement on Form 1-A, filed on October 15, 2021 and qualified on October
27, 2021, which has resulted in proceeds totaling 180,000 in 2022. 

In
fiscal 2021, we did not draw upon our Lines of Credit with an accredited investor or our bank (see Notes Payable Footnote #b for more
information), as the Company only made payments of 15,000. In fiscal 2020 we had 139,319 in draws and repayments of 215,604 against
this balance. Additionally, during 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA with three accredited investors
which led to a 675,000 infusion of cash in return for Preferred B shares, Preferred C shares and Warrants in 2021. 

Subsequent
to October of 2018 and through the end of 2022, except for a government backed PPP loan, Lines of Credit and the exchange of employee payables for long-term
notes, the Company has not taken any new debt. 

In
addition to continuing to incur normal operating expenses, we intend to continue our research and development efforts for our various
technologies and products, including hardware, software, interface customization, and website development, and we also expect to further
develop our sales, marketing and manufacturing programs associated with the commercialization, licensing and sales of our GPS devices
and technology. We currently do not have sufficient capital on hand to fully fund our proposed research and development activities, which
lack of product development may negatively affect our future revenues. 

34 

As
noted above, based on budgeted revenues and expenditures, unless revenues increase significantly, we believe that our existing and projected
sources of liquidity may not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements for the next twelve months. Using currently available capital
resources, management believes we can conduct planned operations for 120 days. Accordingly, management believes we need to raise a minimum
of 500,000 to remain in business for the next 12 months, which may be accomplished the sale of equity or debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities will result in additional dilution
to our existing stockholders. Sale of debt securities could involve substantial operational and financial covenants that might inhibit
our ability to follow our business plan. Any additional funding that we obtain in a financing is likely to reduce the percentage ownership
of the Company held by our existing security-holders. The amount of this dilution may be substantial based on our current stock price,
and could increase if the trading price of our common stock declines at the time of any financing from its current levels. We may also
attempt to raise funds through corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional funds through
collaboration and licensing arrangements, we may be required to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. There can be no
assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain the needed
additional funding, we may have to further reduce our current level of operations, or, may even have to totally discontinue our operations. 

We
are subject to many risks associated with businesses at our stage, including the above discussed risks associated with the ability
to raise capital. Please see the section entitled Risk Factors for more information regarding risks associated with
our business. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to investors. 

Inflation 

Inflation
and changing prices have had effects on our net sales and revenues and our income from continuing operations over our two most recent
fiscal years. Our costs on both materials and labor have risen between 10-25 across the board, thereby affecting our margins.
These cost increases will be offset over time with pricing adjustments, when possible. 

Going
Concern 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets
and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred net losses of 1,503,087
and 1,200,458 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, has incurred losses since inception resulting in an accumulated
deficit of 27,556,471 as of December 31, 2022, and has negative working capital of 3,233,209 as of December 31, 2022. A significant
part of our negative working capital position at December 31, 2022 consisted of 843,000, of amounts due to various accredited investors
of the Company for convertible promissory notes, loans of 159,120, letters of credit with a balance of 81,651 and short-term CARE loans
of 7,903. The Company anticipates further losses in the development of its business. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining
the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.
The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of debt or equity is unknown. The obtainment of
additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, or its attainment of profitable
operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include
any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
Because a precise determination of many assets and liabilities is dependent upon future events, the preparation of financial statements
for a period necessarily involves the use of estimates which have been made using careful judgment. 

The
financial statements have, in management s opinion, been properly prepared within reasonable limits of materiality and within the
framework of the significant accounting policies summarized below. 

35 

We
have identified the following critical accounting policies that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results
of operations and that require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make
estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The following is a review of the more critical accounting policies
and methods used by us. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), ASC 606 ).
The underlying principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at the amount expected
to be collected. ASC 606 creates a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s),
which include (1) identifying the contract or agreement with a customer, (2) identifying our performance obligations in the contract
or agreement, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and
(5) recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. 

The
Company does not have any significant contracts with customers requiring performance beyond delivery, and contracts with customers contain
no incentives or discounts that could cause revenue to be allocated or adjusted over time. Shipping and handling activities are performed
before the customer obtains control of the goods and therefore represent a fulfillment activity rather than a promised service to the
customer. Revenue and costs of sales are recognized when control of the products transfers to our customer, which generally occurs upon
shipment from our facilities. The Company s performance obligations are satisfied at that time. 

We
derive our revenues primarily from hardware sales, subscription services fees, IP licensing and professional services fees. Hardware
includes our SmartSole, Military and other Stand-Alone Devices. Subscription services revenues consist of fees from customers accessing
our cloud-based software solutions and subscription or license fees for our platform. Professional services and other revenues consist
primarily of fees from implementation services, configuration, data services, training and managed services related to our solutions.
IP licensing is related to our agreement with Inventergy whereby we have partnered in order to monetize our IP portfolio (see Note 3,
below). 

Product
sales 

At
the inception of each contract, we assess the goods and services promised in our contracts and identify each distinct performance obligation.
The Company recognizes revenue upon the transfer of control of promised products or services to the customer in an amount that depicts
the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to for the related products or services. For the large majority of the Company s
sales, transfer of control occurs once product has shipped and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. 

Subscription
and Other Revenue 

The
Company s software solutions are available for use as hosted application arrangements under subscription fee agreements without
licensing perpetual rights to the software. Subscription fees from these applications are recognized over time on a ratable basis over
the customer agreement term beginning on the date the Company s solution is made available to the customer. Our subscription contracts
are generally one to three months in length. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and deferred revenues
or revenues, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

Other revenue can include various items, such as our professional services
arrangements that are recognized on a time and materials basis. Professional services revenues recognized on a time and materials basis
are measured monthly based on time incurred and contractually agreed upon rates. Certain professional services revenues are based on fixed
fee arrangements and revenues are recognized based on the proportional performance method. In some cases, the terms of our time and materials
and fixed fee arrangements may require that we defer the recognition of revenue until contractual conditions are met. Data services and
training revenues are generally recognized as the services are performed. Additionally, we have had non-compete revenue from the sale
of assets, engineering and design work, all of which are recognized over the term of the agreed contracts. 

36 

Licensing
Revenue 

Licensing
revenue recorded by the Company relates exclusively to the Company s License and Partnership agreement with Inventergy which provides
for ongoing licensing based on monetization of IP licenses. The Company recognizes revenue for licensing under ASC 606, which provides
revenue recognition constraints by requiring the recognition of revenue at the later of the following: 1) sale or usage of the products
or 2) satisfaction of the performance obligations. The Company has satisfied its performance obligations and therefore recognizes licensing
revenue when the sales to which the licensing relate are completed. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company recognized
0 settlements in licensing revenue. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s customer base was comprised of approximately 62.13 B2B (Wholesale Distributors
and Enterprise Institutions), 36.87 B2C (consumers and government agencies who bought on the behalf of consumers, through our online
ecommerce platform and through Amazon, Google and iTunes), 0.00 IP (our monetization campaign from consulting, licensing and asserting
our patents) and 1.00 Military and Law Enforcement. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s customer base was comprised
of approximately 37.57 B2B (Wholesale Distributors and Enterprise Institutions), 60.70 B2C (consumers and government agencies who bought
on the behalf of consumers, through our online ecommerce platform and through Amazon, Google and iTunes), 0.00 IP (our monetization
campaign from consulting, licensing and asserting our patents) and 1.73 Military and Law Enforcement. 

Product
Warranty 

The
Company s warranty policy provides repair or replacement of products (excluding GPS Shoe devices) returned for defects within ninety
days of purchase. Warranty liabilities are recorded at the time of sale for the estimated costs that may be incurred under our standard
warranty. As of December 31, 2022, products returned for repair or replacement have been immaterial. Accordingly, a warranty liability
has not been deemed necessary. 

Derivative
Instruments 

Our
debt or equity instruments may contain embedded derivative instruments, such as conversion options, which in certain circumstances may
be required to be bifurcated from the associated host instrument and accounted for separately as a derivative instrument liability. 

Our
derivative instrument liabilities are re-valued at the end of each reporting period, with changes in the fair value of the derivative
liability recorded as charges or credits to income, in the period in which the changes occur. For bifurcated conversion options that
are accounted for as derivative instrument liabilities, we determine the fair value of these instruments using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. This model requires assumptions related to the remaining term of the instrument and risk-free rates of return, our current
Common Stock price and expected dividend yield, and the expected volatility of our Common Stock price over the life of the option. 

On
December 31, 2022, it was determined that the Company had no derivative liabilities. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation expense is recorded for stock and stock options awarded in return for services rendered. The expense is measured at the
grant-date fair value of the award and recognized as compensation expense on a straight-line basis, which is generally commensurate with
the vesting period. The Company estimates forfeitures that it expects will occur and records expense based upon the number of awards
expected to vest. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Please
refer to footnote for management s discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable to a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of SEC Regulation. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required by Item 8 are submitted in a separate section of this report, beginning on page F-1, and are incorporated
herein and made a part hereof. 

37 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e))
under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

Based
on the evaluation as of December 31, 2022, for the reasons set forth below, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose
in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act, as amended). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.
In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) to evaluate our control environment, risk assessment,
information and communication, monitoring activities, and existing control activities. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Based
on our assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosures and procedures were effective. 

As
a result, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting were effective
for the size of our Company. However, there can be no assurance that implementation of any change will be completed in a timely manner
or that it will be adequate once implemented. To the extent possible, we will implement procedures to assure that the initiation of transactions,
the custody of assets and the recording of transactions will be performed by separate individuals. 

38 

No
Attestation Report by Independent Registered Accountant 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting since one is not required. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the annual reporting period covered by this
report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

The
Company s management does not expect that its disclosure controls or its internal control over financial reporting will prevent
or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur
or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls
can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or management override of the controls.
The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation
of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive
Officers and Directors . Each of our directors was elected by the stockholders and serves until his or her successor is elected and
qualified. 

The
board of directors currently has no nominating or compensation committee. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer serves pursuant to an employment agreement that was automatically extended for one year on March 14, 2023, and
that will automatically be extended for successive one-year periods if not cancelled by either party. See Item 10, Executive Compensation
 Employment Agreements in our Financial Statements included herein . 

The
following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Position
 Held 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Appointed 
 
 Patrick
 E. Bertagna 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 59 
 
 March
 14, 2008 
 
 Alex
 McKean 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 58 
 
 October
 3, 2011 
 
 Louis
 Rosenbaum 
 
 VP
 of Operations Finance, Director 
 
 72 
 
 March
 14, 2008 
 (Director) 
 March
 1, 2015 (VP) 
 
 Andrew
 Duncan 
 
 Director,
 Audit Committee Member, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer 
 
 58 
 
 April
 2, 2010 

39 

Biographical
Information 

The
following describes the backgrounds of current executive officers and directors. The Company currently has no independent directors,
as defined in the NASDAQ rules governing members of boards of directors. 

Mr.
Bertagna is the director and the Chief Executive Officer of Global Trek Xploration and LOCiMOBILE, Inc. Mr. Rosenbaum is the VP of Operations
and Finance and Mr. McKean is the Chief Financial Officer of each of those subsidiaries. 

Patrick
E. Bertagna Director, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board 

Mr.
Bertagna was the founder of Global Trek Xploration in September 2002 and has since served as its Chief Executive Officer, President and
Chairman of the Board of Directors of MetAlert.. He is co-inventor of our patented GPS footwear technology. His career spans over 35 years
in building companies in both technology and consumer branded products. 

Mr.
Bertagna began his career in consumer products importing apparel from Europe and later went on to import and manufacture apparel, accessories
and footwear in over 20 countries. In 1993, Mr. Bertagna transitioned into technology and founded Barcode World, Inc. a supply chain
software company, enabling accurate tracking of consumer products from design to retail. In June 2002 after selling this company, Mr.
Bertagna combined his two past careers in consumer products and tracking technology and founded MetAlert Inc.. 

Mr.
Bertagna was born in the South of France and is fluent in French and Spanish, has formed alliances with Fortune 500 companies such as
IBM, AT T, Sports Authority, Federated Stores, Netscape and GE. He has been a keynote speaker and has been awarded several patents
(including, but not limited to U.S. Patent # s: 8,154,401, 8,760,286, 9,219,978). 

Mr.
Bertagna has extensive knowledge of the manufacturing industry, internet software development, building intellectual property portfolios
and overall experience in growing early stage high-tech companies. As a founder of Global Trek Xploration and co-inventor of the GPS
Shoe, this knowledge enables Mr. Bertagna to be uniquely qualified to be CEO and on the Board of Directors. 

Alex
McKean Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
McKean was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer in 2015, previously he was our Interim Chief Financial Officer since October 2011.
He is currently also the Chief Financial Officer of Encore Brands, Inc., a position he has held since October 2009. Previous to that,
he acted as an independent management consultant under his own firm, SGT Enterprises, Inc. as well as an independent contractor with
Robert Half International and Ajilon Finance. Prior to establishing his own firm, during 2004-2007 Mr. McKean was with Parson Consulting
working in such areas as: strategy, financial modeling, SEC filings, process management and Sarbanes Oxley. Mr. McKean has held positions
as a Controller and VP of Finance at 24:7 Film from 2002-2004, VP of Finance at InternetStudios.com from 2000-2002, Director of FP A/SVP
at Franchise Mortgage Acceptance Company from 1998-2000, as Corporate Accounting Manager/Treasurer of Polygram Filmed Entertainment from
1996-1998 and Assistant Treasurer/Controller for State Street Bank from 1989-1996. 

Mr.
McKean holds an International MBA from Thunderbird s School of Global Management and undergraduate degrees in Finance and Political
Science from Trinity University. 

40 

Louis
Rosenbaum VP of Operations and Finance, Director 

Mr.
Rosenbaum served as a member of MetAlert Board of Directors from September 2002 until June 2005 and then again from October 2007
until March 2008, at which time he became a director of MetAlert Inc. Subsequently, Mr. Rosenbaum was asked to act as the VP of
Operations and Finance since March 1, 2015. Mr. Rosenbaum was a founder and early investor in Global Trek Xploration. 

Mr.
Rosenbaum has been the President of Advanced Environmental Services since July 1997. His responsibilities at Advanced Environmental Services
encompass supervising all administrative and financial activities, including all contractual aspects of the business. Mr. Rosenbaum has
been working in the environmental and waste disposal industry for the past eighteen years. He started with Allied Waste Services, a division
of Eastern Environmental (purchased by Waste Management Inc. in 1998) in 1990. 

Mr.
Rosenbaum founded and was President of Elements, a successful clothing manufacturer that produced a line of upscale women s clothing
in Hong Kong, China, Korea and Italy, from 1978 to 1987. 

Mr.
Rosenbaum has a long history in the consumer products industry, electronics and software sales and development. Mr. Rosenbaum is a co-founder
of MetAlert Inc., was the first large investor and has assisted in the overall vision and development of the Company since inception. Mr.
Rosenbaum has served on numerous private and community public boards and this unique blend of experience and history, combined with his
strategic and tactical insight, makes Mr. Rosenbaum an asset to the MetAlert Inc. Board. 

Andrew
Duncan Head of International Business Development, Director, Member of Audit Committee, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer 

Mr.
Duncan has been working in the consumer electronics and technology licensing business for over 20 years. Since 2006 he has been the CEO
of ClearPlay International, a software licensing company. Prior thereto, he founded Global TechLink Consultants Inc., a technology consultancy
company, specializing in technology licensing, multimedia, communication and application technology on a global basis, including Interactive
TV, Digital downloads/streaming and Consumer Electronics. From 1994 to 2001, Mr. Duncan worked as Vice President Consumer Electronics
for Gemstar TV Guide International (Los Angeles USA). 

Mr.
Duncan earned his honors degree in Chemistry from Nottingham University and postgraduate qualifications in Marketing and Direct Marketing
from London University (Kings College). He also has a Certificate of Business Management from the Anderson School of Business UCLA. 

Mr.
Duncan s experience in global intellectual property, branding and licensing, uniquely qualifies him to serve on our Board. Mr.
Duncan s long involvement in global business development, with an extensive background working in both Europe and Asia as a business
strategist for major corporations, directly assists the Board in its international strategic planning objectives and activities. 

Director
Qualifications and Diversity 

Our
Board of Directors (the Board has not adopted a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity when evaluating
candidates for election to the Board. However, our Board believes that membership should reflect diversity in its broadest sense, but
should not be chosen nor excluded based on race, color, gender, national origin or sexual orientation. In this context, the Board does
consider a candidate s experience, education, industry knowledge, history with the Company, and differences of viewpoint when evaluating
his or her qualifications for election to the Board. Whenever our Board evaluates a potential candidate, the Board considers that individual
in the context of the composition of the Board as a whole. 

The
standards that our Board considers in selecting candidates (although candidates need not possess all of the following characteristics,
and not all factors are weighted equally) include the director s or nominee s, Industry knowledge and contacts in industries
served by the Company, independent judgment, ability to broadly represent the interests of all stockholders and other constituencies,
maturity and experience in policy making decisions, business skills, background and relevant expertise that are useful to the company
and its future needs, and other factors determined to be relevant by the Board. 

41 

Audit
Committee 

The
Company has established a standing Audit and Finance Committee (the Audit Committee for purpose of overseeing accounting
and financial reporting processes and audits of financial statements for the Company. The Audit Committee held one meeting in 2022. Members
of the Audit Committee are the COO (Chair), CEO and CFO. 

The
Audit Committee s responsibilities include: 

appointing,
 approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; 

pre-approving
 auditing and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our independent registered public
 accounting firm; 

reviewing
 the overall audit plan with our independent registered public accounting firm and members of management responsible for preparing
 our consolidated financial statements; 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements
 and related disclosures as well as critical accounting policies and practices used by us; 

coordinating
 the oversight and reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting; 

establishing
 policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints and concerns; 

recommending
 based upon the audit committee s review and discussions with management and our independent registered public accounting firm
 whether our audited financial statements shall be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

monitoring
 the integrity of our consolidated financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to
 our consolidated financial statements and accounting matters; 

preparing
 the audit committee report required by SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement; 

reviewing
 all related person transactions for potential conflict of interest situations and approving all such transactions; and 

reviewing
 quarterly earnings releases. 

All
services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting firm must be
approved in advance by our audit committee. 

All
members of our audit committee will meet the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC
and the Nasdaq listing rules. Our board of directors has determined that the CFO qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
within the meaning of applicable SEC regulations. In making this determination, our board of directors considered the nature and scope
of experience that our CFO has had throughout his career as a financial and accounting executive. Our board of directors has determined
that all of the directors that are members of our audit committee satisfy the relevant independence requirements for service on the audit
committee set forth in the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing rules. Both our independent registered public accounting firm and
management will periodically meet privately with our audit committee. 

Both
our independent registered public accounting firm and our internal financial personnel will regularly meet with, and have unrestricted
access to, the audit committee. 

42 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the Company s directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to
become directors or executive officers. 

Director
or Officer Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
current directors and executive officers have not been involved in any legal proceedings as described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K
in the past ten years. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer. A copy of our code of ethics will be furnished without
charge to any person upon written request. Requests should be sent to: Secretary, GTX Corp, 117 W. 9th Street, #1214 Los Angeles, California
90015. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered
class of the company s equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish
the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely on its review of the copies of reporting forms received by the Company, the Company believes that no Forms 4 s were required
to be filed as required under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table . The following table sets forth the compensation for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for services
rendered to us by all persons who served as our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and most highly compensated executive
officers other than our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (collectively, the Named Executive Officers who received compensation in excess of 100,000 in 2022. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year Ended 12/31 
 Salary (including deferred) ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation (deferred)
 )(3) 
 Total ) 
 
 Patrick Bertagna(1) 
 2022 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 
 175,000 

2021 
 150,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 
 175,000 

Alex McKean(2) 
 2022 
 96,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 96,000 

2021 
 96,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 96,000 

(1) 
 Mr.
Bertagna, our Chief Executive Officer has agreed to defer portions of his salary in an effort to preserve cash for other working capital
needs of the Company. In 2022, Mr. Bertagna deferred 51,300 of his wages of 150,000, deferred 15,000 for allowances and 10,000 for Board of Director fees thru December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Bertagna has a deferred balance of 16,300 in
accounts payable that has not been converted into Employee Notes. 

43 

(2) 
 Mr.
 McKean, our Chief Financial Officer has agreed to defer portions of his
salary in an effort to preserve cash for other working capital needs of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. McKean has deferred
 39,600 of his wages of 96,000 and has a deferred balance of 10,648 in accounts payable of his 2022
deferred salary compensation that has not been converted into Employee Notes. 

(3) 
 The
 values shown in this column include Director fees, additional employee benefits paid including travel, health insurance, auto lease
 payments and cellular phone service. During 2022 these expenses, other than the Director fees, where applied against previous year s
 accruals. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

None. 

Severance
and Change in Control Benefits 

None. 

Benefits
upon Death or Disability 

None. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans 

There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. 

Tax
and Accounting Treatment of Compensation 

Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code places a limit of 1.0 million per person on the amount of compensation that we may deduct in any
one year with respect to our Chief Executive Officer and certain of our other executive officers. While the Board of Directors considers
deductibility factors when making compensation decisions, the board also looks at other considerations, such as providing our executive
officers with competitive and adequate incentives to remain with us and increase our business operations, financial performance and prospects,
as well as rewarding extraordinary contributions. No compensation to named executive officers exceeded this threshold in 2022. 

We
account for equity compensation paid to our employees under the rules of FASB ASC Topic 718, which requires us to estimate and record
an expense for each award of equity compensation over the service period of the award. Accounting rules also require us to record cash
compensation as an expense at the time the obligation is accrued. We have not tailored our executive compensation program to achieve
particular accounting results. 

Policies
on Ownership, Insider Trading, Hedging And 10b5-1 Plans 

We
do not have formal stock ownership guidelines for our employees or directors, because the Board of Directors is satisfied that stock
and option holdings among our employees or directors, are sufficient at this time to provide motivation and to align this group s
interests with those of our stockholders. In addition, we believe that stock ownership guidelines are rare in companies at our stage,
which means that ownership requirements would put us at a competitive disadvantage when recruiting and retaining high-quality executives. 

Our
insider trading policy, which is incorporated into our Code of Business Conducts and Ethics prohibits certain actions by our Executive
Officers relating to buying and selling our common stock. Our executive officers are authorized to enter into trading plans established
according to Section 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act with an independent broker-dealer broker designated by us. These plans
may include specific instructions for the broker to exercise vested options and sell Company stock on behalf of the executive officer
at certain dates, if our stock price is above a specified level or both. Under these plans, the executive officer no longer has control
over the decision to exercise and sell the securities in the plan, unless he or she amends or terminates the trading plan during a trading
window. Plan modifications are not effective until the 31 st day after adoption. The purpose of these plans is to enable executive
officers to recognize the value of their compensation and diversify their holdings of our stock during periods in which the executive
officer would be unable to sell our common stock because material information about us had not been publicly released. As of the record
date, no named executive officer had a trading plan in place. 

44 

Director
Compensation 

We
have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors although such directors are expected
to receive shares of common stock and/or options in the future to purchase common shares as awarded by our Board of Directors or (as
to future options) a Compensation Committee which may be established in the future. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable
travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors
may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of our company other than services ordinarily
required of a director. 

The
following table summarizes the compensation of each of our directors who is not also a named executive officer for their service as a
director for the year ended December 31, 2022. The compensation of Mr. Bertagna, who serves as a director and as our Chief Executive
Officer, is described above in the Summary Compensation Table. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation (deferred) ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Louis Rosenbaum (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 10,000 
 10,000 
 
 Andrew Duncan (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 10,000 
 10,000 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Rosenbaum has provided executive management services to the Company in previous years. Mr. Rosenbaum earned 96,000 in 2022 relating
 to operations and finance services, and 10,000 for Board of Director fees. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Rosenbaum has deferred 10,000
 of his director s compensation and deferred 30,200 of his 96,000 salary. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Duncan also provides executive management services to the Company. Mr. Duncan earned 30,750 in 2022 for business development and
 intellectual property licensing services, and 10,000 for Board of Director fees. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Duncan has deferred
 0 of his 2022 consulting compensation and 10,000 of his director s compensation. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
following are summaries of the employment agreements with the Company s executive officers: 

Patrick
E. Bertagna , our Chief Executive Officer and President, is employed pursuant to a written agreement dated as of March 14, 2008. The
agreement was for a term of two years, but contained a provision under which the agreement is automatically extended for additional one-year
periods unless either party provides written notice to the contrary at least 60 days prior to the end of the term then in effect. As
such, Mr. Bertagna receives a base salary of 150,000 per year; however, in order to preserve cash for other working capital needs, Mr.
Bertagna has agreed to accrue portions of his salary in the past and he is continuing to do so in 2021. He is entitled to adjustments
to his base salary based on certain performance standards, at the Company s discretion, as follows: (i) a bonus in an amount not
less than fifteen percent (15 of yearly salary, to be paid in cash or stock, if the Company has an increase in annual revenues and
Mr. Bertagna performs his duties within the time frame budgeted for such duties at or below the cost budgeted for such duties and (ii)
a bonus, to be paid in cash or stock at the Company s sole discretion, equal to 12,500 for every one million of the Company s
outstanding common stock purchase warrants that are exercised. 

45 

Mr.
Bertagna may also participate in any and all benefits and perquisites as are generally provided for the benefit of executive employees.
The agreement terminates on his death, incapacity (after 180 days), resignation or cause as defined in the agreement. If he is terminated
without cause, he is entitled to base salary, including back salary owed, all bonuses otherwise applicable, and medical benefits for
twelve months. 

Alex
McKean , was appointed as the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer from October 3, 2011 and was appointed full-time in
2015. He is not employed pursuant to a written employment agreement. 

2008
Equity Compensation Plan 

We
have adopted an equity incentive plan, the 2008 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2008 Plan ), pursuant to which we are authorized
to grant options, restricted stock, unrestricted stock, and stock appreciation rights to purchase up to 7,000,000 shares of common stock
to our employees (as such term is defined in the 2008 Plan), officers, directors and consultants. Awards under the 2008 Plan may consist
of stock options (both non-qualified options and options intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options under Section 422
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), restricted and unrestricted stock awards and stock appreciation rights. 

The
2008 Plan is administered by our Board of Directors or a committee appointed by the Board (the Committee ). If appointed
by the Board, the committee would consist of at least two members of the Board whose members shall, from time to time, be appointed by
the Board. The Committee has the authority to interpret the 2008 Plan, to prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating
to it, to determine the persons to whom awards will be granted, the type of award to be granted, the number of awards to be granted,
and the terms and provisions of stock options granted pursuant to the 2008 Plan, including the vesting thereof, subject to the provisions
of the 2008 Plan, and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the 2008 Plan. 

The
2008 Plan provides that the purchase price of each share of common stock subject to an incentive stock option may not be less than 100 
of the fair market value (as such term is defined in the 2008 Plan) of a share of our common stock on the date of grant (or not less
than 110 of the fair market value in the case of a grantee holding more than 10 of our outstanding common stock). The aggregate fair
market value (determined at the time the option is granted) of the common stock with respect to which incentive stock options are exercisable
for the first time by the employee during any calendar year (under all such plans of the grantee s employer corporation and its
parent and subsidiary corporation) shall not exceed 100,000. No incentive stock option shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary
of its grant; provided, however, that an incentive stock option granted to an employee holding more than 10 of our outstanding common
stock shall not be exercisable later than the fifth anniversary of its grant. 

The
Committee shall determine the purchase price of each share of common stock subject to a non-qualified stock option. Such purchase price,
however, shall not be less than 100 of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. No non-qualified stock option
shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of its grant. 

The
plan also permits the grant of stock appreciation rights in connection with the grant of an incentive stock option or a non-qualified
stock option, or unexercised portion thereof held by the grantee. The grant price of a stock appreciation right shall be at least at
the fair market value of a share on the date of grant of the stock appreciation right, and be subject to such terms and conditions, not
inconsistent with the provisions of the 2008 Plan, as shall be determined by the Committee. Each stock appreciation right may include
limitations as to the time when such stock appreciation right becomes exercisable and when it ceases to be exercisable, which may be
more restrictive than the limitations on the exercise of the stock option to which it relates. No stock appreciation right shall be exercisable
with respect to such related stock option or portion thereof unless such stock option or portion shall itself be exercisable at that
time. A stock appreciation right shall be exercised only upon surrender of the related stock option or portion thereof in respect of
which the stock appreciation right is then being exercised. Upon the exercise of a stock appreciation right, a grantee shall be entitled
to receive an amount equal to the product of (i) the amount by which the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of
exercise of the stock appreciation right exceeds the option price per share specified in the related incentive or non-qualified stock
option and (ii) the number of shares of common stock in respect of which the stock appreciation right shall have been exercised. Further,
a stock appreciation right shall be exercisable during the grantee s lifetime only by the grantee. 

46 

The
2008 Plan also provides us with the ability to grant shares of common stock that are subject to certain transferability, forfeiture or
other restrictions. The recipient of restricted stock grants, the type of restriction, the number of shares of restricted stock granted
and other such provisions shall be determined by the Committee. The Board, in good faith and in its sole discretion, shall determine
the fair market value with regards to awards of restricted stock. 

The
2008 Plan also provides us with the ability to grant shares of unrestricted stock. The Committee shall determine and designate from time
to time those persons who are to be granted unrestricted stock and number of shares of common stock subject to such grant. The Board,
in good faith and in its sole discretion, shall determine the fair market value with regards to awards of unrestricted stock. The grantee
shall hold common stock issued pursuant to an unrestricted stock award free and clear of all restrictions, except as otherwise provided
in the 2008 Plan. 

Unless
otherwise determined by the Committee, awards granted under the 2008 Plan are not transferable other than by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution. 

The
2008 Plan provides that in the event of a merger or change of control, the Committee may substitute stock options, stock awards and stock
appreciation rights of the acquired company. Alternatively, the Committee may provide that the stock options, stock awards and stock
appreciation rights shall terminate following notice by the Committee. 

The
Board may, at any time, alter, amend, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the 2008 Plan; provided, however, that such action shall not
adversely affect the right of grantees to stock awards or stock options previously granted and no amendment, without the approval of
the stockholders of the Corporation, shall increase the maximum number of shares which may be awarded under the 2008 Plan in the aggregate,
materially increase the benefits accruing to grantees under the 2008 Plan, change the class of employees eligible to receive options
under the 2008 Plan, or materially modify the eligibility requirements for participation in the 2008 Plan. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of March 31, 2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each
stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our common stock, (ii) by each of our executive officers
named in the Summary Compensation Table and our directors and (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Each of
the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to common stock beneficially owned. Unless otherwise
noted in the table, the address for each of the persons identified is 117 W 9th Street; Suite 1214, Los Angeles, CA 90015. Beneficial
ownership is calculated based upon 22,833,465 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership(1) 
 Percent of Common Stock 
 
 Patrick E. Bertagna 
 4,300,047 shares 
 18.83 
 
 CEO and Chairman of the Board 

Alex McKean 
 4,505,268 shares 
 19.73 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Louis Rosenbaum 
 3,953,443 shares 
 17.31 
 
 VP of Operations Finance, Director 

Andrew Duncan 
 3,179,907 shares 
 13.93 
 
 Director, Corporate Secretary and Treasurer 

All directors and named executive officers as a group (4 persons) 
 15,938,665 shares 
 69.80 

Other greater than 5 ownership Shareholders None 
 0 shares 
 0.000 

(1) 
 Under
 Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement,
 understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting
 of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may
 be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose
 of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares
 (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage
 ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person
 (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as
 shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of
 shares of common stock actually outstanding. 

Changes
in Control . We are not aware of any arrangements which may result in changes in control as that term is defined by
the provisions of Item 403 of Regulation S-K. 

47 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Director
Independence . None of our directors is independent within the definition of independence as defined in the Nasdaq rules
governing members of boards of directors. 

Related
Party Transactions . During 2022, officers and directors accrued 26,948 of deferred back salary and 30,000 of director fees. 

Except
as described above, there have been no related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed
pursuant to Item 404 of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
Audit Committee has appointed M K CPAS, PLLC as our independent registered public accounting firm on January 11, 2021. The following
table shows the fees that were paid or accrued by us for audit and other services provided by our current auditor M K CPAS, PLLC: 

2022 

2021 

Audit
 Fees (1) 

46,200 

56,000 

Audit-Related
 Fees (2) 

- 

6,500 

Tax
 Fees (3) 

- 

3,950 

All
 Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

46,200 

66,450 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and the review
 of our quarterly financial statements and those services normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or
 engagements including comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC matters. This information is presented as of the
 latest practicable date for this annual report. 

(2) 
 Audit-related
 fees represent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
 financial statements and not reported above under Audit Fees. This category primarily includes services relating to
 our Registration Statement filed with the Securities Exchange Commission during 2022. 

(3) 
 M K
 CPAS, PLLC does not provide us with tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services. This is provided by Bessolo Haworth,
 LLP. 

All
audit related services, tax services and other services rendered by M K CPAS, PLLC were pre-approved by our Board of Directors or
Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has adopted a pre-approval policy that provides for the pre-approval of all services performed for
us by M K CPAS, PLLC. The policy authorizes the Audit Committee to delegate to one or more of its members pre-approval authority
with respect to permitted services. Pursuant to this policy, the Board delegated such authority to the Chairman of the Audit Committee. 

48 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

The
Company s financial statements and related notes thereto are listed and included in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. The
following exhibits are filed with, or are incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant filed with the State of Nevada on April 7, 2006 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation as filed on September 14, 2022 with the State of Nevada (22) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Metalert, Inc., as of September 20, 2022 (1) (21) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Change of Metalert, Inc., filed September 12, 2022 (21) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment on Issuance of Preferred A shares (3) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation on Issuance of Preferred B shares (4) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation on Issuance of Preferred C shares (4) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of GTX Corp, filed September 12, 2022 (21) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of a Securities Purchase Agreement and Warrant Agreement (5) 
 
 10.2 
 
 2008 Equity Compensation Plan (6) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Patrick E. Bertagna dated March 14, 2008 (7) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (August 2011 Private Placement) (8) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement (August 2011 Private Placement) (8) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Subscription Application (August 2011 Private Placement) (8) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Note and Share Purchase Agreement (Q4 2014 and Q1 2015) (9) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (Q4 2014 and Q1 2015) (9) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement (Q1 2015) (9) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (Q2 2016) (10) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Promissory Note (Q2 2016) (10) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Definitive Agreement, dated June 16, 2016, between the Company and Inventergy Innovations, LLC (11) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Promissory Note Issued to Officers (12) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Military Purchase Order with Edwards Airforce Base (13) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Convertible Note (2018) (14) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued to RB Capital Partners, Inc. (15) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp (16) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Patent Assignment and License-Back Agreement by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp (16) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Patent License Agreement by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp (16) 
 
 10.20 
 
 General Conveyance, Bill of Sale and Assignment by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp (16) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Patent License Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, by and between Inpixon and Inventergy (16) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated June 27, 2019, by and between Inpixon and GTX Corp (16) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Promissory Note to Inpixon (16) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of a Series B Securities Purchase Agreement and Warrant Agreement (17) 

49 

10.25 
 
 Form of Regulation A Subscription Agreement (18) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Offering Statement on Form 1-A, filed on October 15, 2021 (18) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Offering Circular on Form 253(g)(2), filed on November 9, 2021 (19) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (2) 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Weinberg Company P.A. (20) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (9) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 as filed December 12, 2006 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (2) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 19, 2018 and incorporated herein by
 reference. 
 
 (4) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 14, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (5) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (6) 
 Previously
 filed on May 23, 2008 as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-151114) and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (7) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 20, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (8) 
 Previously
 filed on October 3, 2011 as part of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-177146) and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 (9) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (10) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (11) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by
 reference. 
 
 (12) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 12, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (13) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2017 and incorporated herein by
 reference. 
 
 (14) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 14, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (15) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (16) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (17) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (18) 
 Previously
 filed on October 15, 2021 as part of the Registrant s Offering Statement on Form 1-A (File No. 024-116681) and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 (19) 
 Previously
 filed on November 9, 2021 as part of the Registrant s Offering Circular on Form 253(g)(2) (File No. 024-116681) and incorporated
 herein by reference. 
 
 (20) 
 Previously
 filed on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (21) 
 Previously filed on the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on September 22, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (22) 
 Previously filed on the Registrant s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Certain
 portions of the Exhibit have been omitted based upon a request for confidential treatment filed by us with the SEC. The omitted portions
 of the Exhibit have been separately filed by us with the SEC 
 
 # 
 Certain
 confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with brackets [ ] because
 the identified confidential portions (i) are not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 

Schedules
 and similar attachments have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish
 copies of such omitted materials upon request by the SEC. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

50 

Signatures 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the company caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

MetAlert Inc. 

(Registrant)

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Patrick E. Bertagna 

Patrick
 E Bertagna 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Patrick E. Bertagna 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Alex McKean 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Louis Rosenbaum 
 
 Director,
 VP of Operations and Finance (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Andrew Duncan 
 
 Director,
 Treasurer, Secretary 
 
 April
 17, 2023 

51 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of MetAlert Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MetAlert Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-years period ended
December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company suffered a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are
also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue
Recognition 

As
discussed in the financial statement s footnotes, the Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised services
and goods to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or
services. The Company offers customers the ability to acquire services with their goods. Significant judgement is exercised by the Company
in determining revenue recognition for these customers. Given these factors and due to the volume of transactions, the related audit
effort in evaluating management s judgments in determining revenue recognition for these customer agreements was extensive and
required a high degree of auditor judgement. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since
 2021. 

April 17, 2023 

PCAOB ID No. 

F- 1 

METALERT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Investment in marketable securities 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses, related parties 

Deferred revenues 

Short-term debt line of credit 

Short-term debt CARE loans 

Convertible promissory notes, past due 

Convertible notes, related parties, net of debt discount 

Notes payable 

Notes payable related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt - CARE loans 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock series A, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock series B, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock series C, par value; shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

METALERT
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Product sales 

Product sales related party 
 - 

Subscriptions and other revenue 

Licensing income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total revenues 

Cost of products sold 

Cost of other revenue 

Cost of licensing revenue 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

Wages and benefits 

Professional fees 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income/(loss) from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Loss on marketable securities 

Amortization of debt discount 

CARE / EDD forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on conversion of debt 
 - 

Interest expense and financing costs 

Total other income (expenses) 

Net loss 

Deemed dividend to Series-B preferred stockholders 
 - 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend to Series-C preferred stockholders 
 - 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net income/(loss) per common share - basic and diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

METALERT
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 

Additional 

Series A 
 Series B 
 Series C 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock for financing 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of comon stock for the conversion of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of comon stock for the conversion of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuance of preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Imputted interest - related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Loss on conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Debt Discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock for financings 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock for the conversion of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Returning of Preferred A to treasury 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

METALERT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 
 - 

Loss / (gain) on marketable securities 

Fair value of common stock issued for services 

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Bonus shares issued to noteholders 
 - 

Loss on the settlement of debt and accrued interest 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued for services 
 - 

Imputed interest 
 - 

Interest added to convertible note balance 
 - 

Interest and financing costs on long-term convertible debt 
 
 - 
 
 Grant from CARE loans 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current and non-current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related parties 

Loans to/from officers 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred revenues 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Proceeds from the sale of marketable securities 

PP E purchase 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from the conversion of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from Reg A 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on convertible debt 
 - 

Payments of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on line of credit 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 
 - 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt 

Debt discount on notes convertible 
 - 

Transfer of convertible related party debt 

Conversion of preferred stock to common stock 
 - 

Deemed dividend 
 - 

Conversion of accrued interest 
 - 

Related party accrued expenses to convertible debt related party 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

METALERT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of its two subsidiaries - Global Trek Xploration, Inc. and LOCiMOBILE, Inc. 

Global
Trek Xploration, Inc. focuses on the design, manufacturing and sales distribution of its hardware, software, and connectivity, Global
Positioning System GPS and Bluetooth Low Energy BLE monitoring and tracking platform, which provides
real-time tracking and monitoring of people and high valued assets. Utilizing a miniature quad-band GPRS transceiver, antenna, circuitry,
battery and inductive charging pad our solutions can be customized and integrated into numerous products whose location and movement
can be monitored in real time over the Internet through our 24x7 tracking portal or on a web enabled cellular telephone. Our core products
and services are supported by an IP portfolio of patents, patents pending, registered trademarks, copyrights, URLs and a library of software
source code, all of which is also managed by Global Trek. 

LOCiMOBILE,
Inc., is the Companies digital platform which has been at the forefront of Smartphone application App development since
2008. With a suite of mobile applications that turn the iPhone, iPad, Android and other GPS enabled handsets into a tracking device which
can be tracked from handset to handset or through our tracking portal or on any connected device with internet access. LOCiMOBILE has
launched over 20 Apps across multi mobile device operating systems and continues to launch consumer and enterprise apps. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of GTX Corp and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

On
September 12, 2022, the Company effected a 1-for-65 reverse stock split of its common stock. All references to shares of common stock
outstanding, average number of shares outstanding and per share amounts in these consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated
financial statements have been restated to reflect as if the reverse stock split occurred as of the earliest period presented. 

Going
Concern 

The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets
and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred a net loss of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022, has incurred losses since inception resulting in an accumulated deficit of as of
December 31, 2022 and has a stockholders deficit of as of December 31, 2022. The Company anticipates further losses
in the development of its business. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date of the financial statements being issued. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining
the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.
The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of debt or equity is unknown. The ability to obtain
additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, or its ability to achieve profitable
operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations, and there is no assurance that these can be achieved. The ability to
successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated
financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

All
of the Company s products are offered for sale as finished goods only, and there are no performance obligations required post-shipment
for customers to derive the expected value from them. 

The
Company does not allow for returns, except for damaged products when the damage occurred pre-fulfillment. Damaged product returns have
historically been insignificant. Because of this, the stand-alone nature of our products, and our assessment of performance obligations
and transaction pricing for our sales contracts, we do not currently maintain a contract asset or liability balance for obligations.
We assess our contracts and the reasonableness of our conclusions on a quarterly basis. 

We
derive our revenues primarily from hardware sales, subscription services fees, IP licensing and professional services fees. Hardware
includes our SmartSole, Military and other Stand-Alone Devices. Subscription services revenues consist of fees from customers accessing
our cloud-based software solutions and subscription or license fees for our platform. Professional services and other revenues consist
primarily of fees from implementation services, configuration, data services, training and managed services related to our solutions.
IP licensing is related to our agreement with Inventergy whereby we have partnered in order to monetize our IP portfolio (see Note 3,
below). 

Product
sales 

At
the inception of each contract, we assess the goods and services promised in our contracts and identify each distinct performance obligation.
The Company recognizes revenue upon the transfer of control of promised products or services to the customer in an amount that depicts
the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to for the related products or services. For the large majority of the Company s
sales, transfer of control occurs once product has shipped and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. 

Services
Income 

The
Company s software solutions are available for use as hosted application arrangements under subscription fee agreements without
licensing perpetual rights to the software. Subscription fees from these applications are recognized over time on a ratable basis over
the customer agreement term beginning on the date the Company s solution is made available to the customer. Our subscription contracts
are generally one to three months in length. Amounts that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and deferred revenues
or revenues, depending on whether the revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

The
majority of our professional services arrangements are recognized on a time and materials basis. Professional services revenues recognized
on a time and materials basis are measured monthly based on time incurred and contractually agreed upon rates. Certain professional services
revenues are based on fixed fee arrangements and revenues are recognized based on the proportional performance method. In some cases,
the terms of our time and materials and fixed fee arrangements may require that we defer the recognition of revenue until contractual
conditions are met. Data services and training revenues are generally recognized as the services are performed. 

Inlude non-compete
revenue. 

Licensing
Revenue 

Licensing
revenue recorded by the Company relates exclusively to the Company s License and Partnership agreement with Inventergy which provides
for ongoing royalties based on monetization of IP licenses. The Company recognizes revenue for royalties under ASC 606, which provides
revenue recognition constraints by requiring the recognition of revenue at the later of the following: 1) sale or usage of the products
or 2) satisfaction of the performance obligations. The Company has satisfied its performance obligations and therefore recognizes licensing
revenue when the sales to which the license(s) relate are completed. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company did not recognize
any revenue on settlements. 

Due
to Covid and other resource related circumstances the GTX IP campaign stalled during 2021 and after several months of analysis on how
to revamp the campaign it was mutually agreed by the BOD of Inventergy and GTX, that GTX should take back full control of its patents
and the licensing strategy. Effective November 20, 2021, GTX dissolved its patent license agreement with Inventergy, LLC whereby Inventergy
transferred and assigned back to GTX all rights, title and interest in each of the Patents, consistent with what was specified in Section
4.1 of the original agreement, including all (sole) responsibility for future prosecution and maintenance of the Patents, including any
rights to receive any further royalties, compensation, revenue share for any past present or future monetization effort, effectively
relinquishing its fifty-five (55 ownership interest, back to GTX. 

Disaggregation
of Net Sales 

Product sales related party 
 - 

Service income 

Total 

The
following table shows the Company s disaggregated net sales by customer type: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 B2B 

B2C 

Military 
 - 

IP 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. The allowance fully reserves any questionable
accounts receivable balances over 90 days. 

The Company s warranties are of an assurance-type and come standard with all Company products to cover repair
or replacement should product not perform as expected. Provisions for estimated expenses related to product warranties are made at the
time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the nature, frequency and average cost of
warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and recovery from suppliers. Management actively studies trends of warranty
claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty costs. The Company estimates the actual historical warranty
claims coupled with an analysis of unfulfilled claims to record a liability for specific warranty purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, products returned for repair or replacement have been immaterial. Accordingly, a warranty liability has not been deemed necessary. 

useful lives of the assets. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed
of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations.
Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 

Management
assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment, management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from
the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment
loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

,
 ,
 and 
of sales and three customers representing approximately ,
 ,
and
 
of total accounts receivable, respectively. The Company had three customers representing approximately ,
 
and 
of sales and four customers representing approximately ,
 ,
 
and 
of total accounts receivable, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Preferred B shares 

Preferred C shares 

Conversion shares upon conversion of notes 

Total 

segment for the manufacture and distribution of its products. In accordance with the Segment Reporting 
Topic of the ASC, the Company s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President,
who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing
guidance, which is based on a management approach to segment reporting, establishes requirements to report selected segment information
quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services, major customers, and the countries in which the
entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under Segment Reporting 
due to their similar customer base and similarities in: economic characteristics; nature of products and services; and procurement, manufacturing
and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment, all financial information required by Segment Reporting 
can be found in the accompanying financial statements. 

Patents, were assigned to an Inventergy subsidiary Inventergy LBS, LLC ), and Inventergy
assigned a revenue share in net revenue collected on these patents to MetAlert. 

As
part of our outbound IP licensing monetization campaign in June 2016 we signed a revenue share monetization agreement with Inventergy
Innovations, LLC Inventergy ), a subsidiary of Inventergy Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: INVT), the first licensing agreement was
signed for the monetization campaign was signed in the first quarter of 2019, with last settlement in fourth quarter of 2020. Prior to
December 13, 2021, when we terminated our agreement with Inventergy by not renewing their license., we had signed 14 settlements valued
at approximately in licensing fees, which represented less than what was expected in the original agreement, which led both
parties to mutually dissolve the partnership. 

Due
to Covid and other resource related circumstances the MetAlert IP campaign stalled during 2021 and after several months of analysis on how
to revamp the campaign it was mutually agreed by the BOD of Inventergy and MetAlert, that MetAlert should take back full control of its patents
and the licensing strategy. Effective November 20, 2021, MetAlert dissolved its patent license agreement with Inventergy, LLC whereby Inventergy
transferred and assigned back to MetAlert all rights, title and interest in each of the Patents, consistent with what was specified in Section
4.1 of the original agreement, including all (sole) responsibility for future prosecution and maintenance of the Patents, including any
rights to receive any further royalties, compensation, revenue share for any past present or future monetization effort, effectively
relinquishing its fifty-five (55 ownership interest, back to MetAlert. 

Inpixon
Asset Purchase Agreement 

On
June 27, 2019 the Company completed its sale and licensing of certain assets and patents (the Assets of MetAlert to Inpixon,
consisting of a portfolio of global positioning system GPS technologies and intellectual property, including, but not
limited to the following: 

(a)
an intellectual property portfolio that includes a registered patent, along with more than 20 pending patent applications or licenses
to registered patents or pending applications relating to GPS technologies; 

(b)
a smart school safety network SSSN solution that consists of a combination of wristbands, gateways and proprietary backend
software, which rely on the Bluetooth Low-Energy BLE protocol and a low-power enterprise wireless 2.4Ghz platform, to
help school administrators identify the geographic location of students or other people or things (e.g., equipment, vehicles, tools,
etc.) in order to, among other things, ensure the safety and security of students while at school; 

(c)
a personnel equipment tracking system P.E.T.S. and ground personnel safety system GPSS ), which includes
a combination of hardware and software components, for a GPS and radio frequency RF based personnel, vehicle and asset-tracking
solution designed to provide ground situational awareness and near real-time surveillance of personnel and equipment traveling within
a designated area for, among other things, government and military applications; and, 

(d)
a right to of royalty payments that may be received by MetAlert in connection with its ownership interest in Inventergy LBS, LLC Inventergy
LBS ), which is the owner of certain patents related to methods and systems for communication with a tracking device. 

The
Assets were sold for aggregate consideration of consisting of (i) in cash delivered at the closing (the Cash
Consideration and (ii) shares of Inpixon s restricted common stock, par value per share (the Shares valued at at the date of the sale. of the Shares are subject to certain holdback restrictions and forfeiture for the
purpose of satisfying indemnification claims. In addition, the Company and Inpixon entered into a six month consulting agreement, pursuant
to which the Company will provide services to assist Inpixon with the transition of the assets acquired under the Agreement. Under the
consulting agreement, the Company received monthly fees of over the 6-month term of the consulting agreement commencing on July
1, 2019. 

The
Company analyzed and performed an assessment of the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement with Inpixon pursuant to the provisions of
ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). Under ASC 606, the objective when allocating the transaction
price is for an entity to allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation (or distinct good or service) in an amount that
depicts the amount of consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services
to the customer. Based on the provisions of ASC 606, the Company determined of the purchase price represented the value from
the licensing agreements and was recognized as revenue at the date of the agreement as all performance obligations had been met; and
 represented the fair value of the consulting services that amortized as revenue as the services were provided over month period
ending December 31, 2019. In addition, was allotted to deferred revenue and is being amortized over a four-year service period,
of which of this amount was amortized and remains deferred at December 31, 2020 and was amortized and 
remains deferred as of December 31, 2021. 

These investments consisted of the following: 

As
of December 31, 2021, the Company owned shares of Inventergy Global, Inc. common stock with a fair value of . The Company
was able to obtain observable evidence that the investment had a market value of per share, or an aggregate value of as of
the period ended December 31, 2022. As such, the Company recorded an unrealized loss from the change in market value of during
the year ended December 31, 2022 in its statement of operations. 

In
June 2019, the Company acquired shares of Inpixon s restricted common stock (after giving effect to a stock split)
valued at . As of December 31, 2019, after the sale of Inpixon shares, the Company owned Inpixon shares with a
fair value of . During the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold of its Inpixon shares for total proceeds of
 and recognized a gain from the sale of these shares of . 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold of its Inpixon shares for total net proceeds of . The Company was able
to obtain observable evidence that the remaining shares had a market value of as of December 31, 2021, as such, the Company
recorded a loss from the decrease in the fair value of the shares of , resulting in a net loss from their investment in Inpixon shares
during the current period ended December 31, 2021. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2022, the Company shares were reverse down to shares. The Company was able to obtain observable evidence
that these shares had a market value of as of December 31, 2021, as such, the Company recorded a loss from the decrease in the
fair value of the shares of , resulting in a net loss from their investment in Inpixon shares during the current period ended December
31, 2022. 

Finished goods 

Total Inventories 

Website development 

Software development 

Equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and is included in general and administrative
expenses. 

- 
 
 Less: accumulated amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total intangible assets, net 
 
 - 

Amortization
expense for the period ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses. 

(b) Revolving line of credit 

(b) Revolving line of credit 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

(a)
Term loan(s) 

In
2022, the Company entered into an unsecured short-term loan agreements with various third parties for an aggregate principal balance
of at an interest rate of per annum, with the interest adjusted to in the case of a default. One loan for was
paid in full on April 14, 2022, leaving outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

In
September of 2019, the Company entered into an unsecured term loan agreement with a third party for an aggregate principal balance of
 at an interest rate of per annum in relation to an Asset Purchase Agreement. The term loan became due on ,
and is currently past due. The principal balance outstanding on the note as of December 31, 2022 was , which included in
interest and reductions of due to sublet fees for office space and principal payments. 

(b)
Lines of Credit 

The
Company obtained a revolving line of credit agreement with an accredited investor of during 2018. There were three borrowings
against the line as of December 31, 2018 for aggregate borrowings of and two borrowing in 2019 for for a total of .
During the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company repaid in principal and all of its accrued interest of , resulting
in a balance due of as of December 31, 2020. During the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid in principal
and all of its interest of , as incurred, resulting in a balance due of as of December 31, 2021. There were no changes to the line of credit for the period ending December
31, 2022. 

The
line bears interest of .
The line is based upon MetAlert providing the investor with purchase orders and use of proceeds, including production of goods
schedules and loan repayment timelines. These loans/drawdowns are specifically for product, inventory and/or purchase order
financing. 
shares of GTX common stock or 
of MetAlert common stock, whichever is greater . 

, with a max borrowing amount of . The balance at December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively, with having been borrowed and paid back in the December
31, 2022 period. 

and , respectively, of convertible notes payable,
which consisted of the following: 

Less: Debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total convertible notes, net of debt discount 

a) 
 Included in Convertible
 Notes - with fixed conversion terms, are loans provided to the Company from various investors These notes carry simple interest rates
 ranging from to per annum and with terms ranging from to years. In lieu of the repayment of the principal and accrued
 interest, the outstanding amounts are convertible, at the option of the note holder, generally at any time on or prior to maturity
 and automatically under certain conditions, into the Company s common shares at to per share. These notes became
 due in 2017 and prior, and are currently past due. 

During the twelve months
 ended December 21, 2021, we issued shares of common stock to convert of principal of these outstanding convertible
 notes. The Company also paid down of the principal balance of the convertible notes and the Company s executives transferred
 of their outstanding employee notes for cash to third parties, which lowered the related party notes and increased the convertible
 promissory notes by . 

During
 the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, an additional of the Company s executive notes were transferred to third
 parties for cash. The transferred notes had no change in terms thus resulting gain or loss on the extinguishment and transfer.
 As per the original terms the notes bear a annual interest rate, gives the holder the right, but not the obligation to convert
 up to of the amount advanced and accrued interest into shares, warrants or options of common or preferred stock of the Company
 at fixed rate of per share. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had paid off a note with of accrued interest
 for cash, and converted of a note with in accrued interest into shares of common stock. 
 
 As
 of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2021 of these convertible notes are currently past due, with no associated penalties. 

b) EIDL loan short term 

b) EIDL loan long term 

Total CARE loans 

(a)
Paycheck Protection Program Loan 

On
April 30, 2020, the Company executed a note (the PPP Note for the benefit of MUFG Union Bank, NA (the Lender in the aggregate amount of under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic
Security Act CARES Act ). The PPP is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ). The
interest rate of the loan is per annum and accrues on the unpaid principal balance computed on the basis of the actual number of
days elapsed in a year of 360 days. Commencing seven months after the effective date of the PPP Note, MetAlert is required to pay the Lender
equal monthly payments of principal and interest as required to fully amortize any unforgiven principal balance of the loan by the two-year
anniversary of the effective date of the PPP Note (the Maturity Date ). The Maturity Date can be extended to five years
if mutually agreed upon by both the Lender and MetAlert. The PPP Note contains customary events of default relating to, among other things,
payment defaults, making materially false or misleading representations to the SBA or the Lender, or breaching the terms of the PPP Note.
The occurrence of an event of default may result in the repayment of all amounts outstanding under the PPP Note, collection of all amounts
owing from MetAlert, or filing suit and obtaining judgment against MetAlert. Under the terms of the CARES Act, PPP loan recipients can apply for
and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of the loan granted under the PPP. Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations,
based on the use of loan proceeds for payment of payroll costs and any payments of mortgage interest, rent, and utilities. Recent modifications
to the PPP by the U.S. Treasury and Congress have extended the time period for loan forgiveness beyond the original eight-week period,
making it possible for MetAlert to apply for forgiveness of its PPP loan. No assurance can be given that MetAlert will be successful in obtaining
forgiveness of the loan in whole or in part, as such the Company has moved the PPP Loan into short-term liabilities, until further instructions
are received. The Company was in compliance with the terms of the PPP loan as of December 31, 2021, and has accrued interest on the loan
of as of December 31, 2021. 

During
the period ended September 30, 2022, the Company received notification that the loan was forgiven, and as such, of principal
has been recognized on the income statement under other income, as of September 30, 2022. 

(b)
Economic Injury Disaster Loan 

On
June 10, 2020, the Company executed a secured loan with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) under the Economic Injury Disaster
Loan program in the amount of . The loan is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company and payable over 
years at an interest rate of per annum. Installment payments, including principal and interest, started in December 2022. As
part of the loan, the Company also received an advance of from the SBA. While the SBA refers to this program as an advance, it
was written into law as a grant. This means that the amount given through this program does not need to be repaid and has been recognized
as Other Income. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company calculated that 19 months of the 360 periods on the -year loans should be considered short-term (months
since installment plan was supposed to begin), and as such is considered short-term liabilities, has accrued interest on the loan
of as of December 31, 2022, or until the Company has received more definitive correspondence related to any potential forgiveness. 

and converted those
amounts into additional notes with an aggregate amount of . As the conversion price embedded in the note agreements was below
the trading price of the common stock on the dates of issuance, a beneficial conversion feature (BCF) was recognized at the date of issuance.
The Company recognized a debt discount at the date of issuance in the aggregate amount of related to the intrinsic value of
beneficial conversion feature. The related parties converted of debt for shares of common stock. Additionally, the
Company s executives transferred of their outstanding employee notes for cash to a third party, which lowered the related
party notes and increased the convertible note balance by . The transferred notes had no change in terms, thus resulting in no
gain or loss on the extinguishment related to the transfer of debt, making the outstanding balance on the related party notes on December
31, 2022 as , net of debt discounts. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company relieved the outstanding payables due to related parties by and converted those
amounts into additional notes with an aggregate amount of . As the conversion price embedded in the note agreements was below
the trading price of the common stock on the dates of issuance, a beneficial conversion feature (BCF) was recognized at the date of issuance.
The Company recognized a debt discount at the date of issuance in the aggregate amount of related to the intrinsic value of beneficial
conversion feature. Additionally, the Company s executives transferred of their outstanding employee notes for cash to
a third party, which lowered the related party notes and increased the convertible note balance by . The transferred notes had
no change in terms, thus resulting in no gain or loss on the extinguishment related to the transfer of debt, making the outstanding balance
on the related party notes on December 31, 2021 as , net of debt discounts. 

Accrued
wages and costs - In order to preserve cash for other working capital needs, various officers, members of management, employees and directors
agreed to defer portions of their wages and sometimes various out-of pocket expenses since 2011. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
Company owed and , respectively, for such deferred wages and other expenses owed for other services which are included
in the accrued expenses related parties on the accompanying balance sheet. 

On
November 18, 2022 an officer loaned the Company at a interest rate on a short-term basis. 

. 

State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit 

Less: Stock based compensation expense 

Effect of rate change from to 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net tax provision 
 - 
 - 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had an unused net operating loss carryover approximating , subject to section 382 limitations,
that is available to offset future taxable income, which expires beginning in . 

The
Company established a full valuation allowance. The Company continually reviews the adequacy of the valuation allowance and recognizes
a benefit from income taxes only when reassessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the benefits will be realized. 

shares of preferred stock authorized. From this pool the following preferred shares have been classified as: 

Preferred
Stock Series A 

During
the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company authorized of preferred Series A preferred shares, which shares to have voting
rights equal to two-thirds of all the issued and outstanding shares of common stock, shall be entitled to vote on all matters of the
corporation, and shall have the majority vote of the board of directors. The subject preferred stock lacks any dividend rights, does
not have liquidation preference, and is not convertible into common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Company issued
 million shares to certain officers and board members. The Company retained a third-party valuation firm whose input was utilized
in determining the related per share valuation of the preferred shares. Based on Management s assessment and the valuation report,
the fair value of the preferred shares was determined to be per share or an aggregate of . During the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, shares with the reverse), were returned to treasury and of the shares after the reverse)
all remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

Preferred
Stock Series B 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company authorized shares of preferred stock to be designated available for Series B preferred
shares that have a stated value of each and are convertible into common shares at fixed price of . Holders shall be entitled
to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis)
to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of
the Company s Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and they shall have no voting
rights and have liquidation preference. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued Series B preferred shares. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued Series B preferred shares and warrants to an accredited investor
for their financings for an aggregate value of . per share of common stock, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock
combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock. The warrants are exercisable through March 2025. The Company considered
the accounting effects of the existence of the conversion feature of the Series B Preferred Stock, and the issuance of warrants at the
date of issuance. In accordance with the current accounting standards, the Company determined that it should account for the fair value
of the conversion feature and relative fair value of the issued warrants (up to the face amount of the Series B Preferred Stock) as a
deemed dividend of and a charge to paid in capital. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, the two accredited investors converted Series B preferred shares into common shares
at the conversion price of , leaving a balance of Series B as of December 31, 2022, which with the reverse leaves a balance
of as of December 31, 2022. 

Preferred
Stock Series C 

During
the period ended December 31, 2020, the Company authorized shares of preferred stock to be designated available for Series C preferred
shares that have a stated value of each and are convertible into common shares at fixed price of . Holders shall be entitled
to receive, and the Company shall pay, dividends on shares of Series C Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis)
to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of
the Company s Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Series C Preferred Stock, and they shall have no voting
rights and have liquidation preference. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued Series C preferred shares and warrants to an accredited investor
for their financings for an aggregate value of . per share of common stock, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock. The warrants are exercisable through May 2024. The Company considered the accounting
effects of the existence of the conversion feature of the Series C Preferred Stock, and the issuance of warrants at the date of issuance.
In accordance with the current accounting standards, the Company determined that it should account for the fair value of the conversion
feature and relative fair value of the issued warrants (up to the face amount of the Series C Preferred Stock) as a deemed dividend of
 and a charge to paid in capital. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, the two accredited investors converted Series C preferred shares into common shares
at the conversion price of , leaving a balance of Series C as of December 31, 2022, which with the reverse leaves a balance
of as of December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock 

Shares issued for conversion of warrants 

- 

Shares issued for conversion of debt 

Shares issued for financing 

Total shares issued 

Shares
issued for services rendered were to various members of management, employees and consultants and are generally expensed as Stock-Based
Compensation in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Shares issued for conversion of debt relate to conversions of
both short and long term debt as discussed in Note 8. Shares issued for financing in 2021 relate to shares granted to investors for their
participation in the 2020 financings. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of at the date of grant
for services, shares issued for the conversion of debt were shares of common stock with a fair value of at the grant
date and of shares of common stock with a fair value of at the grant date for shares issued related to financings. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of at the date of grant
for services, shares issued for the conversion of debt were shares of common stock with a fair value of at the grant
date and of shares of common stock with a fair value of at the grant date for shares issued related to financings. 

On
October 16, 2018, the Company created a long-term employment retention bonus plan and issued of restricted common shares to
the plan. The shares had a fair value of at the date of grant, which cost will be amortized over the three -year vesting
period. 

The
board is evaluating a new employee stock option plan (ESOP) and intends to select a new plan by the end of the 2023. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock for financing costs. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

Since
inception, the Company has issued numerous warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to shareholders, consultants
and employees as compensation for services rendered. 

.): 

 SCHEDULE
OF WARRANT ACTIVITY 

Exercise 
 Price 
 Number of Warrants 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2020 
 - 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants granted 

Warrants expired 

Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2021 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

During
the period ended December 31, 2021, warrants were exercised, and expired and were granted. The outstanding
and exercisable warrants at December 31, 2021 has intrinsic value. 

During
the period ended December 31, 2022, new warrants were issued and warrants were exercised. The outstanding and exercisable
warrants at December 31, 2022 had an intrinsic value of . 

Common
Stock Options 

Under
the Company s 2008 Plan, we are authorized to grant stock options intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, ISO ,
under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, non-qualified options, restricted and unrestricted stock awards and
stock appreciation rights to purchase up to shares of common stock to our employees, officers, directors and consultants, with
the exception that ISOs may only be granted to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, as defined in the 2008 Plan. 

The
Plan provides for the issuance of a maximum of shares of which, after adjusting for estimated pre-vesting forfeitures and expired
options, approximately were available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 

options were granted during 2022 and 2021. 

to of the executive s yearly compensation, to be paid in cash or stock
at the Company s sole discretion, if the Company has an increase in year over year revenues and the Executive performs his duties
(i) within the time frame budgeted for such duties and (ii) at or below the cost budgeted for such duties. such bonuses were declared
or accrued during the years ending December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Contingencies 

From
time to time, we may be involved in routine legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims and threatened litigation that arise in the
normal course of our business. The ultimate amount of liability, if any, for any claims of any type (either alone or in the aggregate)
may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, the ultimate outcome of
any litigation is uncertain. Any outcome, whether favorable or unfavorable, may materially and adversely affect us due to legal costs
and expenses, diversion of management attention and other factors. We expense legal costs in the period incurred. We cannot assure you
that additional contingencies of a legal nature or contingencies having legal aspects will not be asserted against us in the future,
and these matters could relate to prior, current or future transactions or events. No such contingencies were declared or accrued during the years ending December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

COVID-19 

The
Company is subject to risks and uncertainties as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the Company s business is highly uncertain and difficult to predict, as the responses that the Company, other businesses and
governments are taking continue to evolve. Furthermore, capital markets and economies worldwide have also been negatively impacted by
the COVID-19 pandemic, and it is possible that it could cause a local and/or global economic recession. Policymakers around the globe
have responded with fiscal policy actions to support the healthcare industry and economy as a whole. The magnitude and overall effectiveness
of these actions remain uncertain. 

Due
to COVID-19, we have experienced some changes in our business, that have been both positive and negative. Specifically, the Company s
IP licensing business has been negatively impacted by the global financial slowdown and many courts, judges and law firms are not working
at full capacity, which is creating delays in finalizing licensing agreements or litigation. We have also experienced a small percentage
of subscriptions being either cancelled or requested to be put on pause, due to financial hardships. On the positive side we saw an increase
in product sales specifically with medical supplies and equipment. Overall, our revenues have not been materially impacted as a whole,
however there have been some shifts with certain revenue streams doing better post COVID and others doing worse. 

The
severity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business will depend on a number of factors, including, but not
limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic and the extent and severity of the impact on the Company s customers, service
providers and suppliers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of issuance of Company s financial
statements, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may in the future materially impact the Company s financial condition, liquidity
or results of operations is uncertain. 

with an interest rate of 
due in one year. 

On April 12, 2023, the Company entered into a convertible note
agreement with an investor for with an interest rate of due in one year. 

F- 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Patrick E. Bertagna, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MetAlert, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 PATRICK E. BERTAGNA 

Name: 
 Patrick E. Bertagna 

Its: 
 Chief Executive Officer
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 CERTIFICATION 

I,
Alex McKean, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MetAlert, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 ALEX MCKEAN 

Name: 
 Alex McKean 

Its: 
 Chief Financial Officer
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

Certification 

 Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002 

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code),
each of the undersigned officers of MetAlert, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Form
10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Patrick E. Bertagna 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Alex
 McKean 

Chief Financial Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 mlrt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 mlrt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 mlrt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 mlrt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

