<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_867038_0001017386-23-000155.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5458016</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>206209</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>920206</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1819187</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1013484</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1286580</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001017386-23-000155.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417133030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001017386-23-000155
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SPINDLETOP OIL & GAS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000867038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				752063001
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18774
		FILM NUMBER:		23823456

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12850 SPURLING RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75230-1279
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9726442581

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12850 SPURLING RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75230-1279

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001017386-23-000155.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 sog_2022dec31-10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

[ ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF 

 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on 
which registered 

OTC Markets - Pink 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock,
 0.01 par value. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [ X ] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [ X ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). [ X ] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Company was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 [ X ] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K 293.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of the Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ X ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer or a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer ,
 accelerated filer , and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 

[ ] 
 Smaller
 reporting company [ ] 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its managements assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b). [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] [ X ] 

1 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price
of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
based upon a total of 854,775 shares held as of June 30, 2022, by persons believed to be non-affiliates of the Registrant; the basis of
the calculation does not constitute a determination by the Registrant as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
that such calculation, if made as of a date within 60 days of this filing, would yield a different value. 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and
reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes [ ] No [ ] 

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes
of common, as of the latest practicable date. 

Common Stock, 0.01 par value 

(Class) 
 (Outstanding at April 17 2023) 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None 

2 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

GENERAL 

Spindletop Oil Gas Co. is an independent oil and gas company engaged
in the exploration, development, production and acquisition of oil and natural gas; and through one of its subsidiaries, the rental of
oilfield equipment; and the gathering and marketing of natural gas. The terms the Company , We , Us 
or Spindletop are used interchangeably herein to refer to Spindletop Oil Gas Co. Spindletop , SOG and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Spindletop Drilling Company SDC ), and Prairie Pipeline Co. PPC ). 

The Company has focused its oil and gas operations principally in Texas,
although we operate properties in six states including: Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Alabama. We operate a majority
of our projects through the drilling and production phases. Our staff has numerous years of experience in the operations area. We have
traditionally leveraged the risks associated with drilling by obtaining industry partners to share in the costs. 

In addition, the Company, through PPC, owns several miles of pipelines associated
with Company operated oil and natural gas properties in Texas which are used for the gathering of natural gas. These gathering lines are
located primarily in the Fort Worth Basin and are being utilized to transport the Company's natural gas. 

Website Access to Our Reports 

We make available free of charge through our website, www.spindletopoil.com,
our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon
as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information on our
website is not a part of this report. 

Operating Approach 

The Company has a long history with, and extensive knowledge of, the Fort
Worth Basin of Texas. Our technical staff has extensive oil and gas experience in the Fort Worth Basin, and other geological basins in
which the Company has operations. 

The Company looks at cost effective ways to grow our production. We have
traditionally increased our reserve base in one of two ways. Initially, in the 1970s and 1980s, the Company obtained its production through
an exploration and development drilling program focused principally in the Fort Worth Basin of North Texas. Today, the Company has retained
many of these wells as producing properties and holds a large amount of acreage by production in that Basin. 

During periods of lower product pricing the Company cost effectively added
to its reserve base through value-priced acquisitions. The Company s focus has evolved to seek value-priced acquisitions combined
with the development of economically feasible drilling prospects. Currently we are continuing our efforts to acquire producing properties,
develop our leasehold acreage, and acquire selective additional leasehold acreage for development purposes. We are pursuing growth primarily
through acquisitions of good quality producing properties, participating in drilling projects with other operators, and selective drilling
and recompletion activities. Supply chain shortages along with labor shortages have caused rapidly rising costs for the Company to develop
and produce our oil and natural gas reserves. We believe that it is prudent to carefully evaluate all our options and consider whether
each transaction can be supported in today s price environment. 

Strategic Business Plans 

One of our key strategies is to attempt to maintain shareholder value through
implementation of plans for selective drilling projects and value priced acquisitions to the extent the economics of such projects work
in the current environment. The Company's long-term focus is to grow its oil and natural gas production through a strategic combination
of selected property acquisitions, divestitures, participating in drilling projects with other operators, and a development program primarily
based on developing its leasehold acreage. Additionally, the Company plans to continue to rework existing wells to increase production
and reserves when feasible. 

The Company's primary area of operation has been in the State of Texas.
We plan to continue to focus on operations in Texas, and we want to capitalize on our strengths which include an extensive knowledge of
the various reservoirs in Texas, experience in operations in this geographic area, development of lease holdings, and utilization of existing
infrastructure to minimize costs. 

The Company will continue to generate and evaluate prospects using its own
technical staff and outside consultants. The Company intends to fund operations primarily from cash flow generated by its operations. 

On July 26, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has
initiated a review of strategic alternatives to attempt to enhance shareholder value. The strategic alternatives being considered include
a possible sale of all or a material portion of assets, either in one transaction or a series of transactions, a merger of the Company
or other form of business combination involving the Company and a third party, the purchase of additional assets, the outright sale of
the Company, or recapitalization of the Company. 

No definitive timeline exists for the process, and there can be no assurance
that the results of the review process will result in a transaction or other change. It is not expected that there will be further disclosure
of developments in the review process unless and until the Board of Directors has approved the specific course of action or has otherwise
determined that further disclosure is appropriate or required. 

3 

Areas of Operations 

The Company owns various interests in wells located in numerous states and
the Company s operations are currently located in 6 of those states which include Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, New Mexico
and Texas. 

The Company holds approximately 68,092 gross acres under lease in the states
listed below. The majority of the leases are held by production. A breakout of the Company s leasehold acreage by geographic area
is as follows: 

Operated 
 Non-Operated 

Percent 

Properties 
 Properties 
 Total 
 of Total 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 
 Geographic Area 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 Acres 
 
 North Texas (1) 
 5,477 
 5,151 
 4,650 
 153 
 10,127 
 5,304 
 14.90 
 32.34 
 
 East Texas 
 3,200 
 2,814 
 8,055 
 815 
 11,255 
 3,629 
 16.53 
 22.13 
 
 Gulf Coast Texas 
 40 
 35 
 826 
 60 
 866 
 95 
 1.27 
 0.58 
 
 West Texas 
 918 
 881 
 3,510 
 228 
 4,428 
 1,109 
 6.50 
 6.76 
 
 Texas Panhandle 
 1,760 
 1,216 
 800 
 79 
 2,560 
 1,295 
 3.76 
 7.90 
 
 Alabama 
 1,160 
 634 
 1,520 
 79 
 2,680 
 713 
 3.94 
 4.35 
 
 Arkansas 
 1,286 
 1,141 
 1,618 
 82 
 2,904 
 1,223 
 4.26 
 7.46 
 
 Louisiana 
 80 
 80 
 848 
 40 
 928 
 120 
 1.36 
 0.73 
 
 New Mexico 
 2,276 
 1,827 
 359 
 4 
 2,635 
 1,831 
 3.87 
 11.16 
 
 Oklahoma 
 240 
 128 
 24,437 
 324 
 24,677 
 452 
 36.24 
 2.76 
 
 Colorado 

240 
 
 240 
 
 0.35 
 0.00 
 
 Michigan 

160 
 5 
 160 
 5 
 0.23 
 0.03 
 
 Montana 

10 
 2 
 10 
 2 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 
 North Dakota 

302 
 15 
 302 
 15 
 0.44 
 0.09 
 
 Utah 

2,520 
 473 
 2,520 
 473 
 3.70 
 2.88 
 
 Wyoming 

1,800 
 134 
 1,800 
 134 
 2.64 
 0.82 

Total 
 16,437 
 13,907 
 51,655 
 2,493 
 68,092 
 16,400 
 100.00 
 100.00 

(1) North Texas includes the Fort Worth Basin 

The Company uses recent and emerging technologies, as well as proven industry
practices, to develop and produce oil and natural gas from its properties. Additionally, the Company has a dedicated and well-trained
team of employees and professional staff that continually seek out low-risk profitable drilling and acquisition opportunities. 

The majority of the Company s leasehold acres are located in Texas. 

A breakout of
the Company's most significant oil and gas reserves by geographic area is as follows : 

BOE 
 Total 
 
 North Texas including the Fort Worth Basin 
 588,705 
 69.63 
 
 East Texas 
 137,785 
 16.30 
 
 Panhandle Texas 
 26,207 
 3.10 
 
 West Texas 
 17,317 
 2.05 
 
 Gulf Coast Texas 
 2,150 
 0.25 
 
 Total Texas 
 772,164 
 91.33 

Alabama 
 45,243 
 5.35 
 
 Arkansas 
 1,573 
 0.19 
 
 Oklahoma 
 13,645 
 1.61 
 
 New Mexico 
 10,263 
 1.21 
 
 Wyoming 
 1,997 
 0.24 
 
 Michigan 
 638 
 0.08 
 
 Total Other States 
 73,359 
 8.67 
 
 Total 
 845,523 
 100.00 

North Texas - Fort Worth Basin Bend Arch 

The Fort Worth Basin has been a focal point of the Company since its inception.
Our technical personnel have numerous years of exploration, drilling, completing, and production experience extracting natural gas and
oil from both conventional and unconventional hydrocarbon deposits found across the basin. Furthermore, the Company maintains comprehensive
and extensive dossiers of geologic and engineering data gathered from the province. 

The Fort Worth Basin is a major United States onshore natural gas-prone
expanse containing multiple pay zones that range in depth from one thousand to nine thousand (1,000-9,000) feet. Improved technical advances
in fracturing and stimulation technologies have helped unlock natural gas and oil reserves from the hydrocarbon bearing Barnett Shale
Formation; and thus, continue to bolster vigorous exploration and development activities that target these conventional and unconventional
reservoir reserves throughout the province. 

Current Activities 

 West Texas 

Effective March 4, 2022, the Company sold its interest in an operated oil
well along with its associated leasehold acreage, in Martin County, Texas. 

North Texas 

Effective January 1, 2022, the Company sold its interest in two operated
natural gas wells, two shut-in wells, five non-operated natural gas wells along with its associated leasehold acreage located in Hood
County, Texas, to Giant NRG Co., LP, a related entity. The terms of the transaction are no less favorable than could be obtained from
unaffiliated third parties and have been approve by a majority of our Board of Directors. 

4 

Oil and Natural Gas Reserves 

The Company s net proved oil and natural gas reserves have been estimated
by Company personnel. (See applicable footnote to the financial statements). No separate independent reserve report analysis has been
prepared by an independent third party. 

The net proved crude oil and natural gas reserves of the Company as of December
31, 2022, based on SEC guidelines, were classified as follows: 

Barrels of Oil 
 BCF Gas 
 
 Proved Developed Producing 
 157,840 
 4,126 
 
 Proved Developed Non-Producing 

Proved Undeveloped 

Total Proved Reserves 
 157,840 
 4,126 

Only reserves that fell within the Proved classification were considered.
Other categories such as Probable or Possible Reserves were not considered. No value was given to the potential future development of
behind pipe reserves, untested fault blocks, or the potential for deeper reservoirs underlying the Company's properties. Shut-in, uneconomic
wells, and insignificant non-operated interests were excluded. 

On a BOE (barrel of oil equivalent) basis (6 MCF/BOE), the net reserves
are: 

Barrels of Oil Equivalent (BOE) 

Natural Gas Reserves 
 687,693 
 81 
 
 Oil Reserves 
 157,840 
 19 
 
 Total Reserves 
 845,533 
 100 

Proved Developed Producing 
 845,533 
 100 
 
 Proved Developed Non-Producing 
 
 0 
 
 Proved Undeveloped 
 
 0 
 
 Total Proved Reserves 
 845,533 
 100 

The Company has operational control over the majority of these reserves
and can therefore to a large extent control the timing of development and production. 

Barrels of Oil Equivalent (BOE) 

Operated Wells 
 629,883 
 74 
 
 Non-Operated Wells 
 215,650 
 26 
 
 Total 
 845,533 
 100 

Financial Information Relating to Industry Segments 

The Company has three identifiable business segments: (1) exploration, acquisition,
development and production of oil and natural gas, (2) natural gas gathering, and (3) commercial real estate investment. Footnote 14 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements filed herein sets forth the relevant information regarding revenues, income from operations, and
identifiable assets for these segments. 

Narrative Description of Business 

The Company is engaged in the exploration, development, acquisition and
production of oil and natural gas, and the gathering and marketing of natural gas. The Company is also engaged in commercial real estate
leasing through leasing office space to non-related third-party tenants in the Company s corporate headquarters office building. 

Principal Products, Distribution and Availability 

The principal products marketed by the Company are crude oil and natural
gas which are sold to major oil and gas companies, brokers, pipelines, and distributors. Reserves of oil and natural gas are depleted
upon extraction. The Company is always seeking to replace its oil and gas reserves. 

The Company is also engaged in the gathering and marketing of natural gas
through its subsidiary PPC, which owns several miles of pipeline in Texas. Natural gas is gathered for a fee. Substantially all the natural
gas gathered by the Company is produced from wells that the Company operates and in which it owns a working interest. 

The Company owns land and a two-story commercial office building in Dallas,
Texas, which it uses as its principal headquarters office. The Company leases the remainder of the building to non-related third-party
commercial tenants at prevailing market rates. 

Patents, Licenses and Franchises 

Oil and natural gas leases of the Company are obtained from the owner of
the mineral estate. The leases are generally for a primary term of one or more years, and often have extension options for an equivalent
period as the original primary term for payment of additional bonus consideration. The leases customarily provide for extension beyond
their primary term for as long as oil and natural gas are produced in commercial quantities or other operations are conducted on such
leases as provided by the terms of the leases. 

The Company currently holds interests in producing and non-producing oil
and natural gas leases. The existence of the oil and natural gas leases and the terms of the oil and natural gas leases are important
to the business of the Company because future additions to reserves will come from oil and natural gas leases currently owned by the Company,
and others that may be acquired, when they are proven to be productive. The Company is continuing to purchase oil and natural gas leases
in areas where it currently has production, and also in other areas. 

The following is a summary of a partial list of purchasers / operators (listed
by percent of total oil and natural gas sales) from oil and natural gas produced by the Company for the three-year period ended December
31, 2022. 

5 

Dependence on Purchasers and Operators 

Purchaser / Operator 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Energy Transfer Crude Marketing, LLC 
 14 
 0 
 0 
 
 Giant NRG Co., LP 
 12 
 0 
 0 
 
 Bedrock Energy Partners 
 10 
 9 
 0 
 
 Enlink Gas Marketing, LTD. 
 9 
 14 
 12 
 
 Barnett Gathering, LP 
 7 
 6 
 5 
 
 Pruet Production Co. 
 5 
 4 
 3 
 
 ETC Texas Pipeline, LTD 
 4 
 4 
 2 
 
 Eastex Crude Company 
 4 
 4 
 3 
 
 BKV Midstream 
 4 
 0 
 0 
 
 Hunt Crude Oil Supply 
 3 
 2 
 6 
 
 Javelin Oil Gas 
 3 
 0 
 0 
 
 Phillips 66 
 2 
 2 
 3 
 
 Bedrock Production LLC 
 2 
 2 
 10 
 
 Producer's Midstream 
 2 
 0 
 0 
 
 IACX Roswell LLC 
 2 
 3 
 0 
 
 Oasis Transportation Marketing Group 
 2 
 1 
 1 
 
 Trailblazer formerly ETX Energy, LLC 
 2 
 1 
 1 
 
 Empire Pipeline Corp. 
 2 
 2 
 1 
 
 Webb Energy Resources, Inc. 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 
 Edinger Engineering Inc. 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 
 Midcoast Energy Partners LP 
 1 
 4 
 2 
 
 DCP Midstream, LP 
 1 
 1 
 0 
 
 Land and Natural Resource Development 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 
 Eagle Ridge Operating, Inc 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 
 OXY USA, Inc. 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 
 FDL Operating LLC 
 0 
 2 
 2 
 
 Sunoco Partners Marketing 
 0 
 13 
 20 
 
 Targa Midstream Services, LLC 
 0 
 11 
 11 
 
 Peveler Pipeline, LP 
 0 
 6 
 4 
 
 Valero Energy Corporation 
 0 
 1 
 1 
 
 ACE Gathering, Inc. 
 0 
 0 
 1 
 
 Lion Oil Trading Transportation 
 0 
 0 
 1 
 
 Enterprise Crude Oil, LLC 
 0 
 0 
 1 

Oil and natural gas production is sold to many different purchasers/operators
under market sensitive, short-term contracts. 

Except as set forth above, there are no other purchasers/operators of the
Company s oil and natural gas production that individually accounted for more than one percent (1 of the Company's oil and natural
gas revenues during the three years ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company currently has no hedged contracts. 

Prospective Drilling Activities 

The Company's primary oil and natural gas prospect generation and acquisition
efforts have been in known producing areas in the United States with emphasis devoted to Texas. 

The Company intends to use a portion of its available funds to participate
in operated and non-operated drilling activities. The Company does not own any drilling rigs. Independent drilling contractors perform
all drilling activity. The Company does not refine or otherwise process its oil and natural gas production. 

Exploration for oil and natural gas is normally conducted with the Company
acquiring undeveloped oil and natural gas leases under prospects and carrying out exploratory drilling on the prospective leasehold with
the Company retaining a majority interest in the prospect. The Company may sell interests to third parties, with the Company retaining
an overriding royalty interest, carried working interest, or a reversionary interest. 

A prospect is a geographical area designated by the Company for the purpose
of searching for oil and natural gas reserves and reasonably expected by it to contain at least one oil or natural gas reservoir. The
Company utilizes its own funds along with the issuance of common stock and options to purchase common stock in some limited cases, to
acquire oil and gas leases covering the lands comprising the prospects. These leases are selected by the Company and are obtained directly
from the landowners, as well as from landmen, geologists, other oil companies, some of whom may be affiliated with the Company, and by
direct purchase, farm-in, or option agreements. After an initial test well is drilled on a property, any subsequent development drilling
of such prospect will normally require the Company to fund the development activities. 

Employees and Independent Contractors 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed or contracted for the services
of a total of approximately 43 people. Of this total, 13 are full-time employees, and the remainder
are part-time employees or independent contractors. We believe that our relationships with our employees and contractors are good. 

In order to effectively utilize our resources, we employ the services of
independent consultants and contractors to perform a variety of professional, technical, and field services, including in the areas of
lease acquisition, land related documentation and contracts, drilling and completion work, pumping, inspection, testing, maintenance and
specialized services. We believe that it can be more cost effective to utilize the services of consultants and independent contractors
for some of these services. 

We depend to a large extent on the services of certain key management personnel
and officers, and the loss of any these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our operations. The Company does not maintain
key-man life insurance policies on its employees. 

Financial Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export
Sales 

All of the Company's business is conducted domestically, with no export
sales. 

Compliance with Environmental Regulations 

Our oil and natural gas operations are subject to numerous United States
federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge
of materials into the water and air, the generation, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, and clean-up of contaminated
sites. We could incur material costs, including clean-up costs, fines, civil and criminal sanctions, and third-party claims for property
damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations
not only expose us to liability for our own activities but may also expose us to liability for the conduct of others or for actions by
us that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken. In addition, we could incur substantial expenditures
complying with environmental laws and regulations, including future environmental laws and regulations which may be more stringent. 

6 

Glossary of Oil and Gas Terms 

The following are abbreviations and definitions of terms commonly used in
the oil and gas industry that are used in this Report. The terms defined herein may be found in this report in both upper and lower case
or a combination of both. 

2-D Seismic means an advanced technology method by which a cross-section
of the earth's subsurface is created through the interpretation of reflecting seismic data collected along a single source profile. 

3-D Seismic means an advanced technology method by which a three-dimensional
image of the earth's subsurface is created through the interpretation of reflection seismic data collected over a surface grid. 3-D seismic
surveys allow for a more detailed understanding of the subsurface than do conventional surveys and contribute significantly to field appraisal,
development, and production. 

BBL means a barrel of 42 U.S. gallons. 

BBNGL means billion barrels of natural gas liquids. 

BCF or BCFG means billion cubic feet. 

BOE means barrels of oil equivalent, converting volumes of natural
gas to oil equivalent volumes using a ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Bbl of oil. 

BOPD means barrels of oil per day. 

BTU means British Thermal Units. British Thermal Unit means
the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of one pound of water by one degree Fahrenheit. 

BSWPD means barrels of salt water per day. 

Completion means the installation of permanent equipment for
the production of oil or natural gas. 

Development Well means a well drilled within the proved area
of an oil or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a strata graphic horizon known to be productive. 

Dry Hole or Dry Well means a well found to be incapable
of producing hydrocarbons in sufficient quantities such that proceeds from the sale of such production exceed production expenses and
taxes. 

Exploratory Well means a well drilled to find and produce oil
or natural gas reserves not classified as proved, to find a new production reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil
or natural gas in another reservoir or to extend a known reservoir. 

Farm-Out means an agreement pursuant to which the owner of a
working interest in an oil and natural gas lease assigns the working interest or a portion thereof to another party who desires to drill
on the leased acreage. Generally, the assignee is required to drill one or more wells in order to earn its interest in the acreage. The
assignor usually retains a royalty or reversionary interest in the lease. The interest received by an assignee is a farm-in 
and the assignor issues a farm-out. 

Farm-In see Farm-Out above. 

Gas means natural gas. 

Gross when used with respect to acres or wells, refers to the
total acres or wells in which we have a working interest. 

Infill Drilling means drilling of an additional well or wells
provided for by an existing spacing order to drain a reservoir more adequately. 

MCF or MCFG means thousand cubic feet. 

MCFGPD means thousand cubic feet of natural gas per day. 

MCFE means MCF of natural gas equivalent; converting volumes
of oil to natural gas equivalent volumes using a ratio of one BBL of oil to six MCF of natural gas. 

MD means measured depth. 

MMBO means million barrels of oil. 

MMBTU means one million BTUs. 

Net when used with respect to acres or wells, refers to gross
acres or wells multiplied, in each case, by the percentage working interest owned by the Company. 

Net Production means production that is owned by the Company,
less royalties and production due others. 

Non-Operated or Outside Operated means wells that
are operated by a third party. 

Oil and Gas means oil and natural gas. 

Operator means the individual or company responsible for the
exploration, development, production and management of an oil or gas well or lease. 

Overriding Royalty means a royalty interest which is usually
reserved by an owner of the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner. 

Present Value PV when used with respect to oil
and natural gas reserves, means the estimated future gross revenues to be generated from the production of proved reserves calculated
in accordance with the guidelines of the SEC, net of estimated production and future development costs as of the date of estimation without
future escalation, and discounted using an annual discount rate of 10 . Prices are not escalated and are computed using a 12-month average
price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the month price for each month of the year (except to the extent
a contract specifically provides otherwise). No effect is given to non-property related expenses such as general and administrative expenses,
debt service, future income tax expense and depreciation, depletion, and amortization. 

Productive Wells or Producing Wells consist of producing
wells and wells capable of production, including wells waiting on pipeline connections. 

Proved Developed Reserves means reserves that can be expected
to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. Additional oil and natural gas expected to be obtained
through the application of fluid injection or other improved recovery techniques for supplementing the natural forces and mechanisms of
primary recovery will be included as proved developed reserves only after testing by a pilot project or after the operation
of an installed program has confirmed through production response that increased recovery will be achieved. 

7 

Proved Reserves means the estimated quantities of crude oil
and natural gas which upon analysis of geological and engineering data appear with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years
from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions, i.e., prices and costs as of the date the estimate is made. Prices
include consideration of changes in existing prices provided only by contractual arrangements, but not on escalations based upon future
conditions. 

(i) Reservoirs are considered proved if either actual
production or conclusive formation 

 tests support economic producibility. The area of a
reservoir considered proved 

 includes (A) that portion delineated by drilling and
defined by gas-oil and/or oil-water 

 contacts, if any; and (B) the immediately adjoining
portions not yet drilled, but which 

 can be reasonably judged as economically productive
on the basis of available geological. 

 and engineering data. In the absence of information
on fluid contacts, the lowest known 

 structural occurrence of hydrocarbons controls the lower
proved limit of the reservoir. 

(ii) Reserves which can be produced economically through
application of improved recovery 

 techniques (such as fluid injection) are included in
the proved classification when successful 

 testing by a pilot project, or the operation of an installed
program in the reservoir, provides 

 support for the engineering analysis on which the project
or program was based. 

(iii) Estimates of proved reserves do not include the
following: (A) oil that may become 

 available from known reservoirs but is classified separately
as indicated additional reserves 

 (B) crude oil and natural gas, the recovery of which
is subject to reasonable doubt because of 

 uncertainty as to geology, reservoir characteristics
or economic factors; (C) crude oil and 

 natural gas that may occur in undrilled prospects; and
(D) crude oil and natural gas that may 

 be recovered from oil shales, coal, gilsonite and other
such resources. 

Proved Undeveloped Reserves means reserves that are recovered
from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for completion. Reserves
on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those drilling units offsetting productive units that are reasonably certain of production when
drilled. Proved reserves for other undrilled units can be claimed only where it can be demonstrated with certainty that there is continuity
of production from the existing productive formation. Under no circumstances should estimates for proved undeveloped reserves be attributable
to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated unless such techniques
have been proved effective by actual tests in the area and in the same reservoir. 

Recompletion means the completion for production of an existing
well bore in another formation from that in which the well has been previously completed. 

Reserves means proved reserves. 

Reservoir means a porous and permeable underground formation
containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water barriers and is individual
and separate from other reservoirs. 

Royalty means an interest in an oil and natural gas lease that
gives the owner of the interest the right to receive a portion of the production from the leased acreage (or of the proceeds of the sale
thereof), but generally does not require the owner to pay any portion of the costs of drilling or operating the wells on the leased acreage.
Royalties may be either landowner's royalties, which are reserved by the owner of the leased acreage at the time the lease is granted,
or overriding royalties, which are usually reserved by an owner of the leasehold in connection with a transfer to a subsequent owner. 

TCF means trillion cubic feet. 

TD means total depth. 

TVD means true vertical depth, 

Working Interest means an interest in an oil and natural gas
lease that gives the owner of the interest the right to drill for and produce oil and gas on the leased acreage and requires the owner
to pay a share of the costs of drilling and production operations. The share of production to which a working interest owner is entitled
will always be smaller than the share of costs that the working interest owner is required to bear, with the balance of the production
accruing to the owners of royalties. 

Workover means operations on a producing well to restore or
increase production. 

8 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Related Directly to Our Company. 

One should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to
the other information set forth in this Report, before investing in shares of our common stock. Each of these risk factors could adversely
affect our business, operating results, and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common
stock. Some information in this Report may contain forward-looking statements that discuss future expectations of our financial
condition and results of operation. The risk factors noted in this section and other factors could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 

We are exposed to global health, economic and market risks that are
beyond our control, which could adversely affect our financial results and capital requirements. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures being taken to address and limit
the spread of the virus adversely affected the economies and financial markets of the world, resulting in an economic downturn beginning
in early 2020 that negatively impacted global demand and prices for crude oil and condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas.
The effects of COVID-19 mitigation efforts, including the wide availability of vaccines, combined with the waning intensity of the pandemic,
have resulted in increased demand and prices for crude oil and condensate. In addition, worldwide oil inventories, from a historical perspective,
remain low and concerns exist with the ability of OPEC and other oil producing nations to meet forecasted future oil demand growth, with
many OPEC countries not able to produce at their OPEC agreed upon quota levels due to their limited capital investments directed towards
developing incremental oil supplies over the past few years. Furthermore, sanctions, import bans and price caps on Russia have been implemented
by various countries in response to the war in Ukraine, further impacting global oil supply. As a result of these and other oil supply
constraints, the world has experienced significant increases in energy costs. During December 2022, OPEC announced a continuation of its
2 MMBOPD production cut that started in November 2022 related to the uncertainty surrounding the global economy and future oil demand.
As a result of the global supply and demand imbalances, oil and gas prices remained strong through December 2022. In addition, the ongoing
pandemic, combined with the Russia/Ukraine conflict, has resulted in global supply chain disruptions, which has led to significant cost
inflation and the potential for a global recession. Specifically, the Company was impacted by higher than expected inflation in steel,
services and chemical prices, among other items. Global oil price levels and inflationary pressures will ultimately depend on various
factors that are beyond the Company's control, such as (i) the ability of OPEC and other oil producing nations to manage the global oil
supply, (ii) the impact of sanctions and import bans on production from Russia, (iii) the timing and supply impact of any Iranian sanction
relief on their ability to export oil, (iv) the effectiveness of responses by businesses and governments to combat any additional outbreaks
of the COVID-19 virus and their impact on domestic and worldwide demand, (v) the global supply chain constraints associated with manufacturing
and distribution delays, (vi) oilfield service demand and cost inflation, (vii) political stability of oil consuming countries and (viii)
increasing expectations that the world may be heading into a global recession. The Company continues to assess and monitor the impact
of these factors and consequences on the Company and its operations. Natural gas prices were robust during 2022. As a result, additional
natural gas supplies oversaturated the markets causing natural gas prices to deteriorate in the first quarter of 2023. Several of the
natural gas price indexes have now dropped below 2.00 per mmbtu. 

Rising
inflation and other uncertainties regarding the global economy, financial environment, and global conflict could lead to an extended national
or global economic recession. A slowdown in economic activity caused by a recession would likely reduce national and worldwide demand
for oil and natural gas and result in lower commodity prices. Prolonged, substantial decreases in oil and natural gas prices would likely
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could further limit
the Company's access to liquidity and credit and could hinder its ability to satisfy its capital requirements. 

 In the past several years, capital and credit markets have experienced
volatility and disruption. Given the levels of market volatility and disruption, the availability of funds from those markets may diminish
substantially. Further, arising from concerns about the stability of financial markets generally and the solvency of borrowers specifically,
the cost of accessing the credit markets has increased as many lenders have raised interest rates, enacted tighter lending standards,
or altogether ceased to provide funding to borrowers. 

 Due to these potential capital and credit market conditions, the Company
cannot be certain that funding will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company. The Company is evaluating whether current
cash balances and cash flow from operations alone would be sufficient to provide working capital to fully fund the Company's operations.
Accordingly, the Company is evaluating alternatives, such as joint ventures with third parties, or sales of interest in one or more of
its properties. Such transactions, if undertaken, could result in a reduction in the Company's operating interests or require the Company
to relinquish the right to operate the property. There can be no assurance that any such transactions can be completed or that such transactions
will satisfy the Company's operating capital requirements. If the Company is not successful in obtaining sufficient funding or completing
an alternative transaction on a timely basis on terms acceptable to the Company, the Company would be required to curtail its expenditures
or restructure its operations, and the Company would be unable to continue its exploration, drilling, and recompletion program, any of
which would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

A negative shift in some of the public s attitudes toward the oil
and natural gas industry could adversely affect the Company s ability to raise debt and equity capital. Certain segments of the
investment community have developed negative sentiments about investing in the oil and natural gas industry. Recent equity returns in
the sector versus other industry sectors have led to lower oil and natural gas representation in certain key equity market indices. In
addition, some investors, including investment advisors and certain wealth funds, pension funds, university endowments and family foundations,
have stated policies to disinvest in the oil and natural gas sector based on their social and environmental considerations. Certain other
stakeholders have also pressured commercial and investment banks to halt financing oil and natural gas production and related infrastructure
projects. Such developments, including environmental, social and governance ESG activism and initiatives aimed at limiting
climate change and reducing air pollution, could result in downward pressure on the stock prices of oil and natural gas companies. The
Company s stock price could be adversely affected by these developments. This may also potentially result in a reduction of available
capital funding for potential development projects, impacting the Company s future financial results. 

The Company faces various risks associated with increased negative attitudes
toward oil and natural gas exploration and development activities. Opposition to oil and natural gas drilling and development activities
has been growing globally and is expanding in the United States. Companies in the oil and natural gas industry are often the target of
efforts from both individuals and nongovernmental organizations regarding safety, human rights, climate change, environmental matters,
sustainability, and business practices. Anti-development groups are working to reduce access to federal and state government lands and
delay or cancel certain operations such as drilling and development along with other activities. Opposition to oil and natural gas activities
could materially and adversely impact the Company s ability to operate our business and raise capital. 

There could be adverse legislation which if passed, would significantly
curtail our ability to attract investors and raise capital. Proposed changes in the Federal income tax laws which would eliminate or reduce
the percentage depletion deduction and the deduction for intangible drilling and development costs for small independent producers, will
significantly reduce the investment capital available to those in the industry as well as our Company. Lengthening the time to expense
seismic costs will also have an adverse effect on our ability to explore and find new reserves. 

Other factors that may affect the demand for oil and natural gas, and therefore
impact our results, include technological improvements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns; increased competitiveness of,
or government policy support for, alternative energy sources; changes in technology that alter fuel choices, such as technological advances
in energy storage that make wind and solar more competitive for power generation; changes in consumer preferences for our products, including
consumer demand for alternative fueled or electric transportation or alternatives to plastic products; and broad-based changes in personal
income levels. 

Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on a number of factors
affecting supply. For example, increased supply from the development of new oil and gas supply sources and technologies to enhance recovery
from existing sources tend to reduce commodity prices to the extent such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand. 

Other sections of this report may also include suggested factors that could
adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in an extremely competitive and rapidly changing environment.
New risks may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such matters; nor can we assess the impact
of all such matters on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements as a prediction of actual results. Investors should also refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for future periods and
current reports on Form 8-K as we file them with the SEC, and to other materials we may furnish to the public from time to time through
Forms 8-K or otherwise. 

9 

We face significant competition, and many of our competitors have
resources in excess of our available resources. 

The oil and natural gas industry is highly competitive. We encounter competition
from other oil and gas companies in all areas of our operations, including the acquisition of producing properties and sale of crude oil
and natural gas. Our competitors include major integrated oil and gas companies and numerous independent oil and gas companies, individuals,
and drilling and income programs. Many of our competitors are large, well-established companies with substantially larger operating staffs
and greater capital resources than us. Such companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and gas properties and exploratory prospects
and to define, evaluate, bid for, and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit.
Our ability to acquire additional properties and to discover reserves in the future will depend upon our ability to evaluate and select
suitable properties and to consummate transactions in this highly competitive environment. 

Exploratory drilling is a speculative activity that may not result
in commercially productive reserves and may require expenditures in excess of budgeted amounts . 

Drilling activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no
commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs will be encountered. There can be no assurance that new wells drilled by us will
be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment. Drilling for oil and natural gas may involve unprofitable
efforts, not only from dry wells, but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to return a profit
after drilling, operating and other costs. The cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain. Our drilling operations
may be curtailed, delayed, or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including economic conditions,
mechanical problems, pressure or irregularities in formations, title problems, weather conditions, compliance with governmental requirements,
and shortages in or delays in the delivery of equipment and services. In today's environment, shortages make drilling rigs, labor, and
services difficult to obtain and could cause delays or inability to proceed with our drilling and development plans. Such equipment shortages
and delays sometimes involve drilling rigs where inclement weather prohibits the movement of land rigs causing a high demand for rigs
by a large number of companies during a relatively short period of time. Our future drilling activities may not be successful. Lack of
drilling success could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations are also subject to all the hazards and risks normally incident
to the development, exploitation, production, and transportation of, and the exploration for, oil and natural gas, including unusual or
unexpected geologic formations, pressures, down hole fires, mechanical failures, blowouts, explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural
gas or well fluids and pollution and other environmental risks. These hazards could result in substantial losses to us due to injury and
loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, pollution and other environmental damage and suspension of operations.
We participate in insurance coverage maintained by the operator of its wells, although there can be no assurances that such coverage will
be sufficient to prevent a material adverse effect to us in such events. 

The vast majority of our oil and natural gas reserves are classified as
proved reserves. Recovery of the Company's future proved undeveloped reserves will require significant capital expenditures. Our management
estimates that additional capital expenditures will be required to fully develop some of these reserves in the next twelve-month period.
No assurance can be given that our estimates of capital expenditures will prove accurate, that our financing sources will be sufficient
to fully fund our planned development activities or that development activities will be either successful or in accordance with our schedule.
Additionally, any significant decrease in oil and natural gas prices or any significant increase in the cost of development could result
in a significant reduction in the number of wells drilled and/or reworked. No assurance can be given that any wells will produce oil
or natural gas in commercially profitable quantities. 

We are subject to uncertainties in reserve estimates and future net
cash flows. 

This annual report contains estimates of our oil and natural gas reserves
and the future net cash flows from those reserves. These estimates have been prepared by Company personnel for 2022, 2021, and 2020. There
are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of reserves of oil and natural gas and in projecting future rates of production
and the timing of development expenditures, including many factors beyond our control. The reserve estimates in this annual report are
based on various assumptions, including decline curve analysis, constant oil and natural gas prices, operating expenses, capital expenditures
and the availability of funds, and therefore, are inherently imprecise indications of future net cash flows. Actual future production,
cash flows, taxes, operating expenses, development expenditures and quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves may vary substantially
from those assumed in the estimates. Any significant variance in these assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantity and
value of reserves set forth in this annual report. Additionally, our reserves may be subject to downward or upward revision based upon
actual production performance, results of future development and exploration, prevailing oil and natural gas prices and other factors,
many of which are beyond our control. 

The present value of future net reserves discounted at 10 (the PV-10 of proved reserves referred to in this annual report should not be construed as the current market value of the estimated proved reserves
of oil and gas attributable to our properties. In accordance with applicable requirements of the SEC, the estimated discounted future
net cash flows from proved reserves are generally based on prices using a 12-month average price, calculated as the un-weighted arithmetic
average of the first day-of-the month price for each month of each year, and costs as of the date of the estimate, whereas actual future
prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. Actual future net cash flows also will be affected by: (i) the timing of both production
and related expenses; (ii) changes in consumption levels; and (iii) governmental regulations or taxation. In addition, the calculation
of the present value of the future net cash flows using a 10 discount as required by the SEC is not necessarily the most appropriate
discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with our reserves or the oil and gas industry
in general. Furthermore, our reserves may be subject to downward or upward revision based upon actual production, results of future development,
supply and demand for oil and natural gas, prevailing oil and natural gas prices and other factors. See Properties - Oil and Gas
Reserves. 

Unless we replace our oil and natural gas reserves, our reserves and
production will decline, which would adversely affect our cash flows and income. 

Unless we conduct successful development, exploitation and exploration activities
or acquire properties containing proved reserves, our proved reserves will decline as those reserves are produced. Producing oil and natural
gas reservoirs generally are characterized by declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics and other
factors. Our future oil and natural gas reserves and production, and, therefore our cash flow and income, are highly dependent on our
success in efficiently developing and exploiting our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves.
We may be unable to make such acquisitions because we are: 

unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable
purchase contracts with them. 

unable to obtain financing for these acquisitions on economically acceptable
terms; or 

outbid by competitors. 

If we are unable to develop, exploit, find or acquire additional reserves
to replace our current and future production, our cash flow and income will decline as production declines, until our existing properties
would be incapable of sustaining commercial production. 

There are risks in acquiring producing oil and natural gas properties,
including difficulties in integrating acquired properties into our business, additional liabilities and expenses associated with acquired
properties, diversion of management attention, increasing the scope, geographic diversity, and complexity of our operations. 

One of our business strategies includes growing our reserve base through
acquisitions of oil and natural gas properties. Our failure to integrate acquired properties successfully into our existing business,
or the expense incurred in consummating future acquisitions, could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. In addition, we may assume
environmental cleanup or reclamation obligations or other unanticipated liabilities in connection with these acquisitions. The scope and
cost of these obligations may ultimately be materially greater than estimated at the time of the acquisition. 

We are continually investigating opportunities for acquisitions. In connection
with future acquisitions, the process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating
difficulties and may require significant management attention and financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing
development or expansion of existing operations. Our ability to make future acquisitions may be constrained by our ability to obtain additional
financing. 

Possible future acquisitions could result in our incurring debt, contingent
liabilities, and expense, all of which could have a material effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

10 

Acquisitions may prove to be worth less than we paid because of uncertainties
in evaluating recoverable reserves and potential liabilities. 

Successful acquisitions require an assessment of several factors, including
estimates of recoverable reserves, exploration potential, recovery applicability from water flood and Enhanced Oil Recovery techniques EOR ), future oil and natural gas prices, operating costs, and potential environmental and other liabilities. Such assessments
are inexact, and their accuracy is inherently uncertain. In connection with our assessments, we perform a review of the acquired properties
which we believe is generally consistent with industry practices. However, such a review will not reveal all existing or potential problems.
In addition, our review may not permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to fully assess their deficiencies and capabilities.
We do not inspect every well or property. Even when we inspect a well or property, we do not always discover structural, subsurface, and
environmental problems that may exist or arise. We are generally not entitled to contractual indemnification for pre-closing liabilities,
including environmental liabilities. Normally, we acquire interests in properties on an as is basis with limited remedies
for breaches of representations and warranties. As a result of these factors, we may not be able to acquire oil and natural gas properties
that contain economically recoverable reserves or be able to complete such acquisitions on acceptable terms. 

Additionally, significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations
and business depending upon the character of the acquired properties, which may have substantially different operating and geological
characteristics or be in different geographic locations than our existing properties. It is our current intention to continue focusing
on acquiring properties with development and exploration potential located in onshore United States. To the extent that we acquire properties
substantially different from the properties in our primary operating regions or acquire properties that require different technical expertise,
we may not be able to realize the economic benefits of these acquisitions as efficiently as in our prior acquisitions. 

We cannot control activities on properties we do not operate. Failure
to fund capital expenditure requirements may result in reduction or forfeiture of our interests in some of our non-operated projects. 

We do not operate some of the properties in which we have an interest, and
we have limited ability to exercise influence over operations for these properties or their associated costs. As of December 31, 2022,
approximately 26 of our crude oil and natural gas proved reserves were operated by other companies. Our dependence on other operators
and other working interest owners for these projects and our limited ability to influence operations and associated costs could materially
adversely affect the realization of our targeted return on capital in drilling or acquisition activities and our targeted production growth
rate. The success and timing of drilling, development and exploitation activities on properties operated by others depend on a number
of factors that are beyond our control, including the operator s expertise and financial resources, approval of other participants
for drilling wells and utilization of technology. 

When we are not the majority owner or operator of a particular crude oil
or natural gas project, we may have no control over the timing or amount of capital expenditures associated with such project. If we are
not willing or able to fund our capital expenditures relating to such projects when required by the majority owner or operator, our interests
in these projects may be reduced or forfeited. 

We are subject to risks associated with the current United States
Government Administration s possible budget features. 

Future legislation may set forth budget proposals which if passed, would
significantly curtail our ability to attract investors and raise capital. Future possible changes in the Federal income tax laws which
would eliminate or reduce the percentage depletion deduction and the deduction for intangible drilling and development costs for small
independent producers will likely significantly reduce the investment capital available to those in the industry as well as our Company.
Lengthening the time to expense seismic costs would likely also have an adverse effect on our ability to explore and find new reserves. 

We are subject to various operating and other casualty risks that
could result in liability exposure or the loss of production and revenues . 

Our oil and gas business involves a variety of operating risks, including,
but not limited to, unexpected formations or pressures, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas, brine or well fluids into the environment
(including groundwater contamination), blowouts, fires, explosions, pollution, and other risks, any of which could result in personal
injuries, loss of life, damage to properties and substantial losses. Although we carry insurance at levels that we believe are reasonable,
we are not fully insured against all risks. We do not carry business interruption insurance. Losses and liabilities arising from uninsured
or under-insured events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. 

From time to time, due primarily to contract terms, pipeline interruptions
or weather conditions, the producing wells in which we own an interest have been subject to production curtailments. The curtailments
range from production being partially restricted to wells being completely shut in. The duration of curtailments varies from a few days
to several months. In most cases, we are provided only limited notice as to when production will be curtailed and the duration of such
curtailments. We are not currently experiencing any material curtailment of our production. 

We intend to increase to some extent our development and, to a lesser extent,
exploration activities. Exploration drilling and, to a lesser extent, development drilling of oil and gas reserves involve a high degree
of risk that no commercial production will be obtained and/or that production will be insufficient to recover drilling and completion
costs. The cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain. Our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed, or
canceled as a result of numerous factors, including title problems, weather conditions, compliance with governmental requirements and
shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment. Furthermore, completion of a well does not assure a profit on the investment or a recovery
of drilling, completion, and operating costs. 

We depend on our key management personnel and technical experts and
the loss of any of these individuals could adversely affect our business. 

If we lose the services of our key management personnel, technical experts
or are unable to attract additional qualified personnel, our business, financial condition, results of operations, development efforts
and ability to grow could suffer. We have assembled a team of engineers, landmen, and geologists who have considerable experience in drilling
and completion techniques to explore for and to develop crude oil and natural gas. We depend upon the knowledge, skill, and experience
of these experts to assist us in improving the performance and reducing the risks associated with our participation in crude oil and natural
gas exploration and development projects. In addition, the success of our business depends, to a significant extent, upon the abilities
and continued efforts of our management, particularly Chris Mazzini, our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board.
We do not have an employment agreement with or key-man life insurance on Mr. Mazzini or any of our other key employees. Many of our key
personnel are either eligible for retirement or will become eligible in the next one to four years. The Company does not have a succession
plan in place for key management and technical personnel replacements. 

The inability to continue to hire, train and retain operational, technical,
and managerial personnel could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The average age of the employee base of the Company has been increasing
for several years, with a number of employees either currently eligible to retire or becoming eligible to retire within the next one to
four years. If we are unable to hire appropriate personnel to fill future needs, the Company could encounter operating challenges and
increased costs, primarily due to a loss of knowledge, errors due to inexperience or the lengthy time typically required to adequately
train replacement personnel. In addition, higher costs could result from the increased use of contractors to replace retiring employees,
loss of productivity or increased safety compliance issues. The inability to hire, train and retain new operational, technical, and managerial
personnel adequately and to transfer institutional knowledge and expertise could adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our
business. If we were unable to hire, train and retain appropriately qualified personnel, our results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

The costs of providing health care benefits to our employees may increase
substantially. 

We provide health care benefits to eligible full-time employees. The costs
of providing health care benefits to our employees could significantly increase over time due to rapidly increasing health care inflation,
and any future legislative changes related to the provision of health care benefits. The impact of additional costs which are likely to
be passed on to the Company are difficult to measure at this time. Further, our costs of providing such benefits are also subject to a
number of factors, including (i) changing demographics; and (ii) future government regulation. 

Certain of our affiliates control a majority of our outstanding common
stock, which may affect your vote as a shareholder . 

Our executive officers, directors, and their affiliates as of December 31,
2022, hold approximately 87.41 of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, officers, directors and their affiliates and such
shareholders have the ability to exert significant influence over our business affairs, including the ability to control the election
of directors and results of voting on all matters requiring shareholder approval. This concentration of voting power may delay or prevent
a potential change in control. 

Certain of our affiliates have engaged in business transactions with
the Company, which may result in conflicts of interest. 

Certain officers, directors, and related parties, including entities controlled
by Mr. Mazzini, the President and Chief Executive Officer, have engaged in business transactions with the Company which were not the
result of arm's length negotiations between independent parties. Our management believes that the terms of these transactions were as
favorable to us as those that could have been obtained from unaffiliated parties under similar circumstances. Future transactions between
us and our affiliates will be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties and will be approved
by a majority of the members of our Board of Directors. 

11 

Our common stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter market and is currently
quoted on the OTC Market (Other), symbol SPND . 

The liquidity of our common stock may be adversely affected, and purchasers
of our common stock may have difficulty selling our common stock if our common stock does not continue to trade in that or another suitable
trading market. 

There is presently only a limited public market for our common stock, and
there is no assurance that a ready public market for our securities will develop. It is likely that any market that develops for our common
stock will be highly volatile and that the trading volume in such market will be limited. The trading price of our common stock could
be subject to wide fluctuations in response to quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results, announcements of our drilling results
and other events or factors. In addition, the United States stock market has from time-to-time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have affected the market price for many companies and which often have been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies.
These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 

We do not intend to declare dividends in the foreseeable future . 

Our Board of Directors presently intends to retain all our earnings for
the expansion of our business. We therefore do not anticipate the distribution of cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future
decision of our Board of Directors to pay cash dividends will depend, among other factors, upon our earnings, financial position, and
cash requirements. 

We are subject to certain title risks. 

Our company employees and contract land professionals have reviewed title
records or other title review materials relating to substantially all our producing properties. The title investigation performed by us
prior to acquiring undeveloped properties is thorough, but less rigorous than that conducted prior to drilling, consistent with industry
standards. We believe we have satisfactory title to all our producing properties in accordance with standards generally accepted in the
oil and gas industry. Our properties are subject to customary royalty interests, liens incident to operating agreements, liens for current
taxes and other burdens, which we believe do not materially interfere with the use of or affect the value of such properties. At December
31, 2022, our leaseholds for some of our net acreage were being kept in force by virtue of production on that acreage in paying quantities.
The remaining net acreage was held by lease rentals and similar provisions and requires production in paying quantities prior to expiration
of various time periods to avoid lease termination. 

We expect to make acquisitions of oil and gas properties from time to time
subject to available resources. In making an acquisition we generally focus most of our title and valuation efforts on the more significant
properties. It is generally not feasible for us to review in-depth every property we purchase and all records with respect to such properties.
However, even an in-depth review of properties and records may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems, nor will it permit
us to become familiar enough with the properties to assess fully their deficiencies and capabilities. Evaluation of future recoverable
reserves of oil and gas, which is an integral part of the property selection process, is a process that depends upon evaluation of existing
geological, engineering and production data, some, or all of which may prove to be unreliable or not indicative of future performance.
To the extent the seller does not operate the properties, obtaining access to properties and records may be more difficult. Even when
problems are identified, the seller may not be willing or financially able to give contractual protection against such problems, and we
may decide to assume environmental and other liabilities in connection with acquired properties. 

Our business is highly capital-intensive, requiring continuous development
and acquisition of oil and gas reserves. In addition, capital is required to operate and expand our oil and natural gas field operations
and purchase equipment. On December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 9,838,000. We anticipate that we will be able to meet our cash
requirements for the next 12 months. However, if such plans or assumptions change or prove to be inaccurate, we could be required to seek
additional financing sooner than currently anticipated. 

We have funded our operations, acquisitions, and expansion costs primarily
through our internally generated cash flow. Our success in obtaining the necessary capital resources to fund future costs associated with
our operations and expansion plans is dependent upon our ability to: (i) increase revenues through acquisitions and recovery of our proved
producing and proved developed non-producing oil and gas reserves; and (ii) maintain effective cost controls at the corporate administrative
office and in field operations. However, even if we achieve some success with our plans, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to generate sufficient revenues to achieve significant profitable operations or fund our expansion plans. 

We have substantial capital requirements necessary for undeveloped
properties for which we may not be able to obtain adequate financing. 

Development of our properties will require additional capital resources.
We have no commitments to obtain any additional debt or equity financing and there can be no assurance that additional financing will
be available, when required, on favorable terms to us. The inability to obtain additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on us, including requiring us to significantly curtail our oil and gas acquisition and development plans or farm-out development of our
properties. Any additional financing may involve substantial dilution to the interests of our shareholders at that time. 

Oil and natural gas prices fluctuate widely, and low prices could
have a material adverse impact on our business and financial results . 

Our revenues, profitability and the carrying value of our oil and gas properties
are substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of, and demand for, oil and natural gas and the costs of acquiring, finding, developing,
and producing reserves. Our ability to obtain borrowing capacity, to repay future indebtedness, and to obtain additional capital on favorable
terms is also substantially dependent upon oil and natural gas prices. Historically, the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile
and are likely to continue to be volatile in the future. Prices for oil and natural gas are subject to wide fluctuations in response to:
(i) relatively minor changes in the supply of, and demand for, oil and natural gas; (ii) market uncertainty; and (iii) a variety of additional
factors, all of which are beyond our control. These factors include domestic and foreign political conditions, the price and availability
of domestic and imported oil and natural gas, the level of consumer and industrial demand, weather, domestic and foreign government relations,
the price and availability of alternative fuels and overall economic conditions. Furthermore, the marketability of our production depends
in part upon the availability, proximity, and capacity of gathering systems, pipelines and processing facilities. Volatility in oil and
natural gas prices could affect our ability to market our production through such systems, pipelines, or facilities. As of December 31,
2022, approximately 91 of our oil and natural gas production is currently sold to 19 purchasers/operators on a month-to-month basis at
prevailing spot market prices. Oil prices remained subject to unpredictable political and economic forces during 2022, 2021, and 2020,
and experienced fluctuations similar to those seen in natural gas prices for the year. We believe that oil prices will continue to fluctuate
in response to changes in the policies of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC ), changes in demand from
many Asian countries, current events in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, security threats to the United States, and other factors associated
with the world political and economic environment. As a result of the many uncertainties associated with levels of production maintained
by OPEC and other oil producing countries, the availabilities of worldwide energy supplies and competitive relationships and consumer
perceptions of various energy sources, we are unable to predict what changes will occur in crude oil and natural gas prices. 

Natural gas prices plummeted in the first quarter of 2023 due to an oversupply
of natural gas. 

Gathering and transporting natural gas involve risks that may result
in accidents and additional operating costs. 

Our natural gas pipeline business involves several hazards and operating
risks that cannot be completely avoided, such as leaks, accidents, and operational problems, which could cause loss of human life, as
well as substantial financial losses resulting from property damage, damage to the environment and to our operations. We maintain liability
and property insurance coverage in place for many of these hazards and risks. However, because some of our pipelines are near or are in
populated areas, any loss of human life or adverse financial results resulting from such events could be large. If these events were not
fully covered by our general liability and property insurance, which policies are subject to certain limits and deductibles, our operations
or financial results could be adversely affected. Our pipelines are aging, and we will be responsible for eventually replacing these lines.
The costs of maintaining and replacing our aging pipeline infrastructure may have a material adverse impact on our operating costs and
financial results. 

We will be responsible for additional costs in connection with abandonment
of properties . 

We are responsible for payment of plugging and abandonment costs on our
oil and gas properties pro rata to our working interest. Based on our experience, we anticipate that in most cases, the costs of abandoning
such properties will range from 40,000 to 150,000 or more per well. In addition, abandonment costs and their timing may change due to
many factors, including actual production results, inflation rates and changes in environmental laws and regulations. 

12 

Risks that Involve the Oil and Gas Industry in General. 

We are subject to various governmental regulations which may cause
us to incur substantial costs . 

Our operations are affected from time to time in varying degrees by political
developments and federal, state, and local laws and regulations. In particular, oil and natural gas production-related operations are
or have been subject to price controls, taxes and other laws and regulations relating to the oil and gas industry. Failure to comply with
such laws and regulations can result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the oil and gas industry increases our cost of
doing business and affects our profitability. Although we believe we are in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations
because such laws and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted, we are unable to predict the future cost or impact of complying
with such laws and regulations. 

Sales of natural gas by us are not regulated and are generally made at market
prices. However, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC regulates interstate natural gas transportation rates and
service conditions, which affect the marketing of natural gas produced by us, as well as the revenues received by us for sales of such
production. Sales of our natural gas currently are made at uncontrolled market prices, subject to applicable contract provisions and price
fluctuations that normally attend sales of commodity products. 

Since the mid-1980s, the FERC has issued a series of orders, culminating
in Order Nos. 636, 636-A and 636-B Order 636 ), that have significantly altered the marketing and transportation of natural
gas. Order 636 mandated a fundamental restructuring of interstate pipeline sales and transportation service, including the unbundling
by interstate pipelines of the sale, transportation, storage, and other components of the city-gate sales services such pipelines previously
performed. One of the FERC's purposes in issuing the orders was to increase competition within all phases of the natural gas industry.
Order 636 and subsequent FERC orders issued in individual pipeline restructuring proceedings have been the subject of appeals, and the
courts have largely upheld Order 636. Because further review of certain of these orders is still possible, and other appeals may be pending,
it is difficult to exactly predict the ultimate impact of the orders on us and our natural gas marketing efforts. Generally, Order 636
has eliminated or substantially reduced the interstate pipelines' traditional role as wholesalers of natural gas and has substantially
increased competition and volatility in natural gas markets. 

While significant regulatory uncertainty remains, Order 636 may ultimately
enhance our ability to market and transport our natural gas, although it may also subject us to greater competition, more restrictive
pipeline imbalance tolerances and greater associated penalties for violation of such tolerances. 

The FERC has announced several important transportation-related policy statements
and proposed rule changes, including the appropriate manner in which interstate pipelines release capacity under Order 636 and, more recently,
the price which shippers can charge for their released capacity. In addition, in 1995, the FERC issued a policy statement on how interstate
natural gas pipelines can recover the costs of new pipeline facilities. In January 1997, the FERC issued a policy statement and a request
for comments concerning alternatives to its traditional cost-of-service rate making methodology. A number of pipelines have obtained FERC
authorization to charge negotiated rates as one such alternative. While any additional FERC action on these matters would affect us only
indirectly, these policy statements and proposed rule changes are intended to further enhance competition in natural gas markets. We cannot
predict what the FERC will take on these matters, nor can we predict whether the FERC's actions will achieve its stated goal of increasing
competition in natural gas markets. However, we do not believe that we will be treated materially differently than other natural gas producers
and marketers with which we compete. 

The price we receive from the sale of oil is affected by the cost of transporting
such products to market. Effective January 1, 1995, the FERC implemented regulations establishing an indexing system for transportation
rates for oil pipelines, which, generally, would index such rates to inflation, subject to certain conditions and limitations. These regulations
could increase the cost of transporting oil by interstate pipelines, although the most recent adjustment generally decreased rates. These
regulations have generally been approved on judicial review. We are not able to predict with certainty the effect, if any, of these regulations
on its operations. However, the regulations may increase transportation costs or reduce wellhead prices for oil. 

The State of Texas and many other states require permits for drilling operations,
drilling bonds and reports concerning operations and impose other requirements relating to the exploration for and production of oil and
natural gas. Such states also have statutes or regulations addressing conservation matters, including provisions for the unitization or
pooling of oil and gas properties, the establishment of maximum rates of production from wells and the regulation of spacing, plugging
and abandonment of such wells. The statutes and regulations of certain states limit the rate at which oil and gas can be produced from
our properties. However, we do not believe we will be affected materially differently by these statutes and regulations than any other
similarly situated oil and gas company. 

We may not have enough insurance to cover all the risks we face, which
could result in significant financial exposure. 

We maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses
to protect against the risks we face. We may elect not to carry insurance if our management believes that the cost of insurance is excessive
relative to the risks presented. If an event occurs that is not covered, or not fully covered, by insurance, it could harm our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we cannot fully insure against pollution and environmental risks. 

Future new technologies could make the products we sell obsolete. 

Future alternative technologies could dramatically impact the demand for
the natural gas and crude oil we sell thereby causing a material adverse impact on our operations and financial results. Such alternative
technologies could also cause a material adverse impact on the value of our oil and natural gas properties. 

Cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism could disrupt our business
operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or Company
information. 

Our business operations and information technology systems may be vulnerable
to an attack by individuals or organizations intending to disrupt our business operations and information technology systems, even though
the Company has implemented policies, procedures, and controls to prevent and detect these activities. We use our information technology
systems to manage our oil and gas operations and other business processes. Disruption of those systems could adversely impact our ability
to safely operate our wells, operate our pipelines or otherwise run our business. Accordingly, if such an attack or act of terrorism were
to occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected. In addition, we use our information technology systems to
protect confidential or sensitive employee and Company information developed and maintained in the normal course of our business. Any
attack on such systems that would result in the unauthorized release of employee, or other confidential or sensitive data could have a
material adverse effect on our business reputation, increase our costs and expose us to additional material legal claims and liability.
If such an attack or act of terrorism were to occur, our operations and financial results would be adversely affected since we may not
maintain insurance coverage to cover these risks. 

Natural disasters, terrorist activities, or other significant events
could adversely affect our operations or financial results. 

Natural disasters are always a threat to our assets and operations. In addition,
the threat of terrorist activities could lead to increased economic instability and volatility in the price of natural gas that could
affect our operations. Also, companies in our industry may face a heightened risk of exposure to actual acts of terrorism, which could
subject our operations to increased risks. As a result, the availability of insurance covering such risks may become more limited, which
could increase the risk that an event could adversely affect our operations or financial results. 

The operations and financial results of the Company could be adversely
impacted because of climate changes or related additional legislation or regulation in the future. 

To the extent climate changes occur, our businesses could be adversely impacted,
although we believe it is likely that any such resulting impacts would occur very gradually over a long period of time and thus would
be difficult to quantify with any degree of specificity. To the extent climate changes would result in warmer temperatures in our areas
of operations, financial results could be adversely affected through lower gas volumes and revenues. In addition, there have been a number
of federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives proposed in recent years in an attempt to control or limit the effects of
global warming and overall climate change, including greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon dioxide. The adoption of this type of legislation
by Congress or similar legislation by states or the adoption of related regulations by federal or state governments mandating a substantial
reduction in greenhouse gas emissions in the future could have far-reaching and significant impacts on the energy industry. Such new legislation
or regulations could result in increased compliance costs for us or additional operating restrictions on our business, affect the demand
for natural gas, or impact the prices we charge to our customers. At this time, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws or
regulations that may be adopted on our future business, financial condition, or financial results. 

13 

We are subject to various environmental risks which may cause us to
incur substantial costs . 

Our operations and properties are subject to extensive and changing federal,
state, and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the generation, storage, handling and transportation
of oil and natural gas and the discharge of materials into the environment, and relating to safety and health. The recent trend in environmental
legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards, and this trend will likely continue. These laws and regulations may
require the acquisition of a permit or other authorization before construction or drilling commences and for certain other activities;
limit or prohibit construction, drilling and other activities on certain lands lying within wilderness and other protected areas; and
impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations. The permits required for our various operations are subject
to revocation, modification, and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with their
regulations, and violations are subject to fines, penalties, or injunctions. In the opinion of management, we are in substantial compliance
with current applicable environmental laws and regulations, and we have no material commitments for capital expenditures to comply with
existing environmental requirements. Nevertheless, changes in existing environmental laws and regulations or in interpretations thereof
could have a significant impact on us. The impact of such changes, however, would not likely be any more burdensome to us than to any
other similarly situated oil and gas company. 

The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), also known as the Superfund law, and similar state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or
the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons that are considered to have contributed to the release of a hazardous
substance into the environment. These persons include the owner or operator of the disposal site or sites where the release occurred
and companies that disposed or arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances found at the site. Persons who are or were responsible
for releases of hazardous substances under CERCLA may be subject to joint and several liabilities for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous
substances that have been released into the environment and for damages to natural resources. Furthermore, neighboring landowners and
other third parties may file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into
the environment. 

We generate typical oil and gas field wastes, including hazardous wastes
that are subject to the Federal Resources Conservation and Recovery Act and comparable state statutes. The United States Environmental
Protection Agency and various state agencies have limited the approved methods of disposal for certain hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.
Furthermore, certain wastes generated by our oil and gas operations that are currently exempt from regulation as hazardous wastes 
may in the future be designated as hazardous wastes , and therefore be subject to more rigorous and costly operating and disposal
requirements. 

The Oil Pollution Act OPA imposes a variety of requirements
on responsible parties for onshore and offshore oil and gas facilities and vessels related to the prevention of oil spills and liability
for damages resulting from such spills in waters of the United States. The responsible party includes the owner or operator
of an onshore facility or vessel or the lessee or permittee of, or the holder of a right of use and easement for, the area where an onshore
facility is located. OPA assigns liability to each responsible party for oil spill removal costs and a variety of public and private damages
from oil spills. Few defenses exist to the liability for oil spills imposed by OPA. OPA also imposes financial responsibility requirements.
Failure to comply with ongoing requirements or inadequate cooperation in a spill event may subject a responsible party to civil or criminal
enforcement actions. 

We own or lease properties that for many years have produced oil and natural
gas. We also own natural gas gathering systems. It is not uncommon for such properties to be contaminated with hydrocarbons. Although
we or previous owners of these interests may have used operating and disposal practices that were standard in the industry at the time,
hydrocarbons or other wastes may have been disposed of or released on or under the properties or on or under other locations where such
wastes have been taken for disposal. These properties may be subject to federal or state requirements that could require us to remove
any such wastes or to remediate the resulting contamination. In addition to properties that we operate, we have interests in many properties
which are operated by third parties over whom we have limited control. Notwithstanding our lack of control over properties operated by
others, the failure of the previous owners or operators to comply with applicable environmental regulations may, in certain circumstances,
adversely impact us. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

14 

Item 2. Properties 

OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES 

The following table sets forth pertinent data with respect to the Company-owned
oil and gas properties, all located within the continental United States, as estimated by the Company: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Gas and Oil Properties, net (1) 

Proved developed gas reserves-Mcf (2) 

Proved developed producing 
 4,126,000 
 5,184,000 
 2,913,000 
 
 Proved developed non-producing 

Proved undeveloped gas reserves-Mcf (3) 

Total proved gas reserves-Mcf 
 4,126,000 
 5,184,000 
 2,913,000 

Proved Developed Crude Oil and 

Condensate reserves-Bbls (2) 

Proved developed producing 
 158,000 
 187,000 
 145,000 
 
 Proved developed non-producing 

Proved Undeveloped crude oil and 

Condensate reserves-Bbls (3) 

158,000 
 187,000 
 145,000 

(1) The estimate of the net proved oil and natural gas reserves, future
net revenues, and the present value of future net revenues. 

(2) Proved Developed Oil and Natural gas Reserves are reserves
that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. 

(3) Proved Undeveloped Reserves are reserves that are expected
to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.
See the footnote to the Financial Statements, Supplemental Reserve Information (Unaudited), for further explanation of the changes for
2020 through 2022. 

(4) Reserve amounts are rounded to the nearest thousand. 

Productive Wells 

The following table sets forth our domestic productive wells, shut-in wells,
and includes both operated and non-operated wells at December 31, 2022. 

Gas Wells 
 Oil Wells 
 Total Wells 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 

214 
 73.56 
 152 
 51.14 
 366 
 124.70 

Acreage 

The following table sets forth our undeveloped and developed gross and net
leasehold acreage for our operated and non-operated wells at December 31, 2022. Undeveloped acreage includes leased acres on which wells
have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of oil and gas, regardless of
whether such acreage contains proved reserves. Undeveloped acreage should not be confused with undrilled acreage held by Production under
the terms of a lease. Undrilled acreage held by production under the terms of a lease is included in the Developed Acreage category total
shown below. 

Undeveloped 
Acreage 
 Developed 
Acreage 
 Total Acreage 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 

5,658 
 1,925 
 68,092 
 16,399 
 73,750 
 18,324 

All the leases for the undeveloped acreage summarized in the preceding
table will expire at the end of their respective primary terms unless prior to that date, the existing leases are renewed or production
has been obtained from the acreage subject to the lease, in which event the lease will remain in effect until the cessation of production.
As is customary in the industry, we generally acquire oil and gas acreage without any warranty of title except as to claims made by,
through or under the transferor. Although we have title to developed acreage examined prior to acquisition in those cases in which the
economic significance of the acreage justifies the cost, there can be no assurance that losses will not result from title defect or from
defects in the assignment of leasehold rights. 

15 

Wells Drilled and Completed 

The Company's working interests in both operated and outside operated exploration
and development wells completed during the years indicated were as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 
 Gross 
 Net 

Exploratory Wells (1): 

Productive 

1.000 
 0.200 
 1.000 
 0.030 
 
 Non-Productive 

Total 

1.000 
 0.200 
 1.000 
 0.030 

Developed Wells (2): 

Productive 

Non-Productive 

Total 

Total Exploration Development Wells: 

Productive 

1.000 
 0.200 
 1.000 
 0.030 
 
 Non-Productive 

Total 

1.000 
 0.200 
 1.000 
 0.030 

(1) An exploratory well is a well drilled to find and produce oil or natural
gas in an unproved area, to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or natural gas in another reservoir,
or to extend a known reservoir. 

(2) A development well is a well drilled within the proved area of an oil
or natural gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive. 

The following tables set forth additional data with respect to production
from Company-owned oil and gas operated and non-operated properties, all located within the continental United States: 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 

Oil and Gas Production, net: 

Natural Gas (Mcf) 
 652,786 
 778,462 
 743,465 
 916,456 
 874,812 
 
 Crude Oil Condensate (Bbl) 
 35,698 
 33,604 
 30,900 
 4191 9 
 43,136 

Average Sales Price per Unit Produced 

Natural Gas (Mcf) 
 6.42 
 4.23 
 1.84 
 2.08 
 2.86 
 
 Crude Oil Condensate (Bbl) 
 92.49 
 56.87 
 41.71 
 55.76 
 62.09 

Average Production Cost per Equivalent Barrel (1) (2) 
 20.67 
 12.87 
 12.92 
 13.26 
 13.18 

(1) Includes severance taxes and ad valorem taxes. 

(2) Natural gas production is converted to equivalent barrels at the rate
of six MCFG per barrel, representing relative energy content of natural gas to oil. 

The Company owns producing royalties and overriding royalties under properties
located in Texas. The revenue from these properties is not significant. 

The Company is not aware of any major discovery or other favorable or adverse
event that is believed to have caused a significant change in the estimated proved reserves since December 31, 2022. 

OFFICE SPACE 

The Company owns a commercial office building. The property is a two-story
multi-tenant, garden office building with a sub-grade parking garage. The building was built in 1983 and contains approximately 46,286
rentable square feet, sitting on a 1.4919-acre block of land situated in north Dallas, Texas in close proximity to hotels, restaurants,
and shopping areas (the Galleria Mall) with easy access to Interstate Highway 635 (LBJ Freeway) and Dallas Parkway (North Dallas Toll
Road). The Company occupies approximately 10,273 rentable square feet of the building as its primary office headquarters and leases the
remaining space in the building to non-related third-party commercial tenants at prevailing market rates. 

The address of the Company's principal executive offices is One Spindletop
Centre, 12850 Spurling Road, Suite 200, Dallas, Texas 75230. The telephone number is (972) 644-2581. 

PIPELINES 

The Company owns, through its subsidiary, PPC, several miles of natural
gas pipelines in Texas. These pipelines are steel and polyethylene and range in size from two inches to four inches. These pipelines primarily
gather natural gas from wells operated by the Company and in which the Company owns a working interest and may also gather for other parties. 

The Company normally does not purchase and resell natural gas but gathers
natural gas for a fee. The fees charged in some cases are subject to regulations by the State of Texas and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission. 

Oilfield Production Equipment 

The Company, through a subsidiary, owns various natural gas compressors,
pumping units, dehydrators, and various other pieces of oilfield production equipment. 

Substantially all the equipment is located on oil and gas properties operated
by the Company and in which it owns a working interest. The rental fees are charged as lease operating fees to each property and each
owner. 

16 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

On July 23, 2020, a subsidiary of the Company received notice of a lawsuit
filed in Louisiana against the Company s subsidiary and numerous other oil and gas companies alleging a pollution claim for properties
operated by the defendants in Louisiana, and the Company s subsidiary filed an answer. The Plaintiffs filed a First Supplemental
and Amending Petition for Damages on January 21, 2021. The litigation is currently in the discovery phase. Management has regular
litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure
of contingencies for litigation. The Company will continue to defend its subsidiary vigorously in this matter. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Company's Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

The Company's common stock trades Over The Counter under the symbol SPND . 

Prior to 2004, no significant public trading market had been established
for the Company's common stock. The Company does not believe that listings of bid and asking prices for its stock are indicative of the
actual trades of its stock, since trades are made infrequently. The following table shows high and low trading prices for each quarter
in 2022, 2021, and 2020 as aggregated by Yahoo!.com from various OTC sources. 

Price Per Share 

High 
 Low 

2023 

First Quarter 
 3.86 
 2.56 

2022 

First Quarter 
 3.88 
 2.85 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.61 
 3.05 
 
 Third Quarter 
 3.90 
 3.35 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.94 
 3.00 

2021 

First Quarter 
 2.49 
 1.61 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.49 
 1.63 
 
 Third Quarter 
 4.02 
 1.65 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 4.12 
 2.62 

2020 

First Quarter 
 2.86 
 1.01 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.96 
 1.05 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.22 
 1.51 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.65 
 1.52 

There is no amount of common stock that is subject to outstanding warrants
to purchase, or securities convertible into, common stock of the Company. 

According to the transfer records of the Company on April 17, 2023, common
stock of the Company was held by approximately 535 known holders of record. 

The following chart compares the yearly percentage change in the cumulative
total stockholder return on the Company's Common Stock during the five years ended December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return
of the Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Index and of the Dow Jones U.S. Exploration and Production Index (formerly Dow Jones Secondary Oil
Stock Index). The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017, in the Company's Common Stock and in each of the foregoing
indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. The Company paid no dividends on its Common Stock during the five-year period. Figures
shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. 

17 

Stock Performance Chart 

Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return Among 

 Spindletop Oil Gas Co., S P 500 Index and 

 the Dow Jones U.S. Exploration and Production Index 

The Company has not paid any dividends since its reorganization, and it
is not contemplated that it will pay any dividends on its Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

The Registrant currently serves as its own stock transfer agent and registrar. 

The Company has not approved nor authorized any standing repurchase program
for its common stock. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company made the following
one-time repurchase of its common stock: 

Effective April 6, 2020, and June 20, 2020, the Company repurchased
45,036 shares and 9,248 shares of its common stock from a non-controlling, unaffiliated shareholder of the Company for a negotiated purchase
price of 56,295 and 11,560 respectively, or 1.25 per share. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made the following
one-time repurchase of its common stock: 

Effective July 7, 2022, the Company repurchased 5,000 shares of
its common stock from a non-controlling, unaffiliated shareholder of the Company for a negotiated purchase price of 15,500 or 3.10 per
share. 

The repurchased shares are held as Treasury Stock. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The selected financial information presented should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 

Total Revenue 
 10,027,000 
 6,620,000 
 4,179,000 
 5,587,000 
 6,734,000 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 669,000 
 1,037,000 
 (894,000 
 (646,000 
 264,000 
 
 Earnings (Loss) per Share 
 0.10 
 0.15 
 0.13 
 0.09 
 0.04 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 

Total Assets 
 27,807,000 
 26,085,000 
 22,670,000 
 23,898,000 
 24,398,000 
 
 Long-Term Debt 

18 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and 

 Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

This Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the federal securities laws, principally, but not only, under the caption Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We caution investors that any forward-looking statements in this report, or which
management may make orally or in writing from time to time, are based on management s beliefs and on assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, management. When used, the words anticipate, believe, expect, intend, 
 may, might, plan, estimate, project, should, will, 
 result and similar expressions which do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance, which
may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties, and factors that are beyond our control. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated,
estimated, or projected. We caution you that while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs when we make them, they are
not guarantees of future performance and are impacted by actual events when they occur after we make such statements. We expressly disclaim
any responsibility to update our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Accordingly,
investors should use caution in relying on past forward-looking statements, which are based on results and trends at the time they are
made, to anticipate future results or trends. 

Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results,
performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others,
the factors listed and described at Item 1A Risk Factors in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K discussed above,
which investors should review. 

Other sections of this report may also include suggested factors that could
adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in an extremely competitive and rapidly changing environment.
New risks may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such matters; nor can we assess the impact
of all such matters on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements as a prediction of actual results. Investors should also refer to our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for future periods and
current reports on Form 8-K as we file them with the SEC, and to other materials we may furnish to the public from time to time through
Forms 8-K or otherwise. 

Oil and Gas Properties 

The Company follows the full cost method of accounting for its oil and gas
properties. Accordingly, all costs associated with acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural gas reserves are capitalized
in cost centers on a country-by-country basis. For each cost center, capitalized costs, less accumulated amortization and related deferred
income taxes, shall not exceed an amount (the cost center ceiling) equal to the sum of: 

a) The present value of estimated future net revenues computed by applying current
prices of oil and natural gas reserves (with consideration of price changes only to the extent provided by contractual arrangements) to
estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented, less estimated future
expenditures (based on current costs) to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves computed using a discount factor
of ten percent and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions; plus 

b) The cost of properties not being amortized; plus 

c) The lower of cost or estimated fair market value of unproven properties included
in the costs being amortized; less 

d) Income tax effects related to differences between the book and tax basis of
the properties. 

If unamortized costs capitalized within a cost center, less related deferred
income taxes, exceed the cost center ceiling (as defined), the excess is charged to expense and separately disclosed during the period
in which the excess occurs. Amounts required to be written off will not be reinstated for any subsequent increase in the cost center ceiling.
All the Company s oil and gas properties are located within the United States and are accounted for in one cost center. 

In order to test the cost center ceiling, the Company prepares a Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows and Changes Therein Relating to Proved Oil and Natural Gas Reserves (Unaudited) as
of the end of each calendar year the Reserve Report ). The Company prepared its annual Reserve Report as of December 31,
2022. 

Reserve estimates are prepared in accordance with standard Security and
Exchange Commission guidelines. The estimated net future net cash flows for 2022, 2021, and 2020, were computed using a 12-month average
price, calculated as the un-weighted arithmetic average of the first day-of-the month price for each month of the year. Lease operating
costs, compression, dehydration, transportation, ad valorem taxes, severance taxes, and federal income taxes were deducted. Costs and
prices were held constant and were not escalated over the life of the properties. No deductions were made for interest. The annual discount
of estimated future cash flows is defined, for use herein, as future cash flows discounted at 10 per year, over the expected period of
realization. 

These Reserve Reports do not purport to present the fair market value of
a company's oil and gas properties. An estimate of such value should consider, among other factors, anticipated future prices of oil and
natural gas, the probability of recoveries in excess of existing proved reserves, the value of probable reserves and acreage prospects,
and perhaps different discount rates. 

It should be noted that estimates of reserve quantities, especially from
new discoveries, are inherently imprecise and subject to substantial revision. Accordingly, the estimates are expected to change as more
current information becomes available. It is reasonably possible that, because of changes in market conditions or the inherent imprecision
of these reserve estimates, that the estimates of future cash inflows, future gross revenues, the amount of oil and natural gas reserves,
the remaining estimated lives of the oil and natural gas properties, or any combination of the above may be increased or reduced in the
near term. If reduced, the carrying amount of capitalized oil and gas properties may be reduced materially in the near term. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, average quarterly crude oil prices
per bbl for the Company were 71.34, 83.94, 94.15, and 80.80. During the year ended December 31, 2021, average quarterly crude oil
prices per bbl for the Company were 49.34, 59.53, 53.55, and 56.87. During the year ended December 31, 2020, average quarterly crude
oil prices per bbl for the Company were 45.26, 23.46, 36.48, and 44.94. respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, average quarterly natural gas prices
per bbl for the Company were 5.67, 6.25, 7.81, and 5.92. During the year ended December 31, 2021, average quarterly natural gas prices
per mcf for the Company were 3.07, 2.93, 4.15, and 4.23. During the year ended December 31, 2020, average quarterly natural gas prices
per mcf for the Company were 1.26, 1.06, 1.88, and 2.20 respectively. 

The increases or decreases in the Company s product prices have a
direct effect on its cash flow, profits, projected development and drilling schedules, and the estimated net present value of its proved
reserves. Prolonged, substantial decreases in oil and natural gas prices would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could further limit the Company's access to liquidity and credit and could
hinder its ability to satisfy its capital requirements. 

We may incur impairments to our crude oil and natural gas properties in
future years. The possibility and amount of any future impairment is difficult to predict, and will depend, in part, upon future crude
oil and natural gas prices to be utilized in the ceiling test, estimates of proved reserves and future capital expenditures and operating
costs. We cannot assure you that we will not experience write-downs in the future. If commodity prices decline or if any of our proved
reserves are revised downward, a write-down of the carrying value of our oil and gas properties may be required. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company's operating capital needs, as well as its capital spending program,
are generally funded from cash flow generated by operations. Because future cash flow is subject to a number of variables, such as the
level of production and the sales price of oil and natural gas, the Company can provide no assurance that its operations will provide
cash sufficient to maintain current levels of capital spending. Substantial decreases in crude oil and natural gas prices would likely
have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations, and could further limit
the Company's access to liquidity and credit and could hinder its ability to satisfy its capital requirements. Accordingly, the Company
may be required to seek additional financing from third parties to fund its exploration and development programs. 

As noted in our Results of Operations discussion below, the Company has
focused on lowering costs through headcount reduction by attrition and spending only on essential general and administrative expenditures.
To raise additional revenue, the Company is pursuing the acquisition of new operated and non-operated reserves through acquisitions of
producing properties and drilling ventures. The Company believes that it is well positioned to take advantage of the declining prices
for existing wells with its cash reserves and ability to borrow to effect any acquisition. 
 19 

Results of Operations 

2022 Compared to 2021 

Oil and natural gas revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, were
 7,775,000 compared to 5,466,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,309,000 or 42.2 . 

Oil revenue for 2022 was approximately 3,583,000 compared to 2,177,000
for 2021, an increase of approximately 1,406,000 or 64.58 . Oil prices increased to an average of 92.49 per barrel in 2022 from an average
of 56.87 per barrel in 2021, an increase of 35.62 per barrel or 62.6 . Oil sales increased to approximately 35,700 barrels from approximately
33,600 barrels in 2021, an increase of 2,100 barrels or 6.3 . 

Natural gas revenue for 2022 was approximately 4,192,000 compared to 3,289,000
for 2021, an increase of approximately 903,000 or 27.49 . Natural gas sales were approximately 653,000 mcf in 2022 from approximately
778,500 mcf in 2021, a decrease of approximately 125,500 mcf or 16.1 . Natural gas prices increased to an average of 6.42 per mcf in
2022 an increase of 2.19 or 51.8 from an average of 4.23 per mcf in 2021. 

In general, revenues from oil and natural gas producing operations experienced
a significant increase for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. These increases resulted in part
from increased oil and natural gas prices, as well as oil production increases. 

Revenue from lease operations was approximately 183,000 for 2022, compared
to approximately 219,000 in 2021, a decrease of approximately 36,000 or 16.4 . Revenue from lease operations results from field supervision
charges on operated wells as well as administrative overhead billed to working interest owners. 

Revenues from gas gathering, compression, and equipment rental for 2022
were approximately 89,000, a decrease of approximately 10,000 or 10.1 from approximately 99,000 in 2021. 

Real estate rental revenue for 2022 was approximately 245,000, an increase
of approximately 5,000 or 2.1 from approximately 240,000 in 2021. 

Interest income for 2022 was approximately 142,000, a decrease of approximately
 7,000 from approximately 149,000 in 2021 or 4.7 . Interest income is derived from investments in both short-term and long-term certificates
of deposit as well as money market accounts at banks. 

Debt forgiveness income. On March 18, 2021, the Company received funding
of a loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act,
enacted March 27, 2020, in the amount of 403,572. In December 2021, the Company received notification that the Small Business Administration
authorized full forgiveness of the PPP loan. The amount of the loan which was fully forgiven is recorded as debt forgiveness income. 

Other revenue for 2022 was 62,000, as compared to 44,000 in 2021, an increase
of 18,000 or 40.9 . 

Lease operating expenses 2022 were 2,120,000 as compared to 1,207,000
in 2021, a net increase of approximately 913,000, or 75.6 . There were both increases and decreases within different segment categories
of lease operating expenses. Amounts billed by third-party operators as operating expenses on non-operated properties represented approximately
25 of the total 2022 amount with the remaining representing net increases and decreases on various operated properties due to general
service cost fluctuations and levels of operational activity. 

Production taxes, gathering, and marketing expenses for 2022 were approximately
 867,000 compared to 896,000 in 2021, a decrease of approximately 29,000, or 3.2 . 

Pipeline and rental expenses for 2022 were approximately 21,000 compared
to approximately 17,000 for 2021, an increase of approximately 4,000, or 23.5 . 

Real estate expenses in 2022 were approximately 174,000 compared to 167,000
during the same period in 2021, an increase of approximately 7,000 or 4.2 . 

Depreciation and amortization expense for 2022 was 74,000 compared to 121,000
for 2021, a decrease of approximately 74,000 or 34.8 . There was no amortization of the full cost pool of oil and natural gas assets
for 2022 as compared to 63,000 for the year ended 2021, a decrease of approximately 63,000 or 84.0 . The Company re-evaluated its proved
oil and gas reserves as of December 31, 2022, and decreased its estimated total proved reserves by approximately 205,000 BOE to 846,000
BOE at the end of 2022 compared to 1,051,000 BOE at the end of 2021, a decrease of approximately 19.6 . The net decrease in the unamortized
full cost pool base, is due primarily to credits to the full cost pool from the sale properties during 2022 in accordance with full cost
accounting procedures and the related reduction of liabilities in the recalculation of the Asset Retirement Obligation. (See Footnote
17 to the Financial Statements). 

Asset Retirement Obligation ARO accretion expense for 2022
was 2,014,000 up from 572,000 in 2021, an increase of 1,442,000. The ARO calculation is based on the Company s annual reserve
report and takes into consideration the changes between years of the Company s estimated obligation to plug its interests in existing
wells. This estimated future plugging cost is discounted using a 10 discount factor based on the estimated life of each property. Changes
are incorporated as applicable into the full cost pool and the carrying value of the liability. Accretion expense measures and incorporates
changes due to the passage of time into the carrying amount of the liability. In view of increasing plugging costs and regulatory agencies
putting pressure on operators to plug and abandon wells faster than in prior years, management evaluated this year s provision and
estimated that the liability to plug and abandon its wells in the future, should be increased. 

General and administrative expenses for 2022 were approximately 3,126,000
as compared to approximately 2,685,000 for 2021, an increase of approximately 441,000 or 16.4 . Approximately 218,000 is attributed
to increases in personnel salaries and benefits. In addition, 170,000 of bad debt expense relating to a third party working interest
owner was written off. 

 20 

2021 Compared to 2020 

Oil and natural gas revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021, were
 5,466,000 compared to 2,924,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2,542,000 or 86.9 . 

Oil revenue for 2021 was approximately 2,177,000 compared to 1,552,000
for 2020, an increase of approximately 625,000 or 40.3 . Oil prices increased to an average of 56.87 per barrel in 2021 from an average
of 41.71 per barrel in 2020, an increase of 15.16 per barrel or 36.5 . Oil sales increased to 33,600 barrels from approximately 30,900
barrels in 2020, an increase of 2,700 barrels or 8.7 . 

Natural gas revenue for 2021 was approximately 3,289,000 compared to 1,372,000
for 2020, an increase of approximately 1,917,000 or 139.7 . Natural gas sales increased to approximately 778,500 mcf in 2021 from approximately
743,000 mcf in 2020, an increase of approximately 35,500 mcf or 4.8 . Natural gas prices increased to an average of 4.23 per mcf in 2021
an increase of 2.39 or 129.9 from an average of 1.84 per mcf in 2020. 

In general, revenues from oil and natural gas producing operations experienced
a significant increase for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the same period in 2020. These increases resulted in part
from increased oil and natural gas prices, as well as production increases. A significant number of both operated and non-operated wells
were shut-in during 2020 due to historic low oil and natural gas prices and most of these wells were returned to production in 2021 and
were producing at December 31, 2021. 

Revenue from lease operations was approximately 219,000 for 2021, compared
to approximately 233,000 in 2020, a decrease of approximately 14,000 or 6.0 . Revenue from lease operations results from field supervision
charges on operated wells as well as administrative overhead billed to working interest owners. 

Revenues from gas gathering, compression, and equipment rental for 2021
were approximately 99,000, an increase of approximately 10,000 or 11.2 from approximately 89,000 in 2020. The increase was due primarily
to an increase in natural gas volume sold through PPC. 

Real estate rental revenue for 2021 was approximately 240,000, a decrease
of approximately 32,000 or 11.7 from approximately 272,000 in 2020. The decrease was due to lease re-negotiations and the loss of tenants. 

Interest income for 2021 was approximately 149,000, a decrease of approximately
 67,000 from approximately 216,000 in 2020 or 31.0 . Interest income is derived from investments in both short-term and long-term certificates
of deposit as well as money market accounts at banks. 

Debt forgiveness income. On March 18, 2021, the Company received funding
of a loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act,
enacted March 27, 2020, in the amount of 403,572. In December 2021, the Company received notification that the Small Business Administration
authorized full forgiveness of the PPP loan. The amount of the loan which was fully forgiven is recorded as debt forgiveness income. 

Other revenue for 2021 was 44,000, as compared to 42,000 in 2020, an increase
of 2,000 or 4.8 . 

Lease operating expenses 2021 were 1,207,000 as compared to 1,324,000
in 2020, a net decrease of approximately 117,000, or 8.8 . There were both increases and decreases within different segment categories
of lease operating expenses. Amounts billed by third-party operators as operating expenses on non-operated properties decreased by approximately
 95,000. The remaining decrease of approximately 22,000 represents net increases and decreases on various operated properties due to
general price fluctuations and levels of operation activity. 

Production taxes, gathering, and marketing expenses for 2021 were approximately
 896,000 compared to 675,000 in 2020, an increase of approximately 221,000, or 32.7 . This increase was directly related to the increase
in oil and natural gas production and revenues. 

Pipeline and rental expenses for 2021 were approximately 17,000 compared
to approximately 9,000 for 2020, an increase of approximately 8,000, or 88.9 . The increase is primarily due to repair and maintenance
expenses in 2021 as compared to 2020. 

Real estate expenses in 2021 were approximately 167,000 compared to 174,000
during the same period in 2020, a decrease of approximately 7,000 or 4.0 . 

Depreciation and amortization expense for 2021 was 121,000 compared to
 452,000 for 2020, a decrease of approximately 331,000 or 73.2 . Amortization of the full cost pool of oil and natural gas assets for
2021 was approximately 63,000 compared to 393,000 for the year ended 2020, a decrease of approximately 330,000 or 84.0 . The Company
re-evaluated its proved oil and gas reserves as of December 31, 2021, and increased its estimated total proved reserves by approximately
421,000 BOE to 1,051,000 BOE at the end of 2021 compared to 630,000 BOE at the end of 2020, an increase of approximately 66.8 . Sales
of oil and natural gas products during 2021 increased by approximately 8,000 BOE from approximately 155,000 BOE in 2020 to approximately
163,000 BOE in 2021, an increase of 5.1 . (See Footnote 17 to the Financial Statements). This resulted in a decrease in the depletion
rate factor from 19.722 in 2020 on an unamortized full cost pool base of 1,994,000 to a depletion rate factor of 13.107 on an unamortized
full cost pool base of 477,000 in 2021. The net decrease in the unamortized full cost pool base of 1,517,000 is due primarily to a credit
to the full cost pool of approximately 1,511,000 from the sale properties during 2021 in accordance with full cost accounting procedures. 

Asset Retirement Obligation ARO accretion expense for 2021
was 572,000 up from 139,000 in 2020, an increase of 433,000 or 311.5 . The ARO calculation is based on the Company s annual reserve
report and takes into consideration the changes between years of the Company s estimated obligation to plug its interests in existing
wells. This estimated future plugging cost is discounted using a 10 discount factor based on the estimated life of each property. Changes
are incorporated as applicable into the full cost pool and the carrying value of the liability. Accretion expense measures and incorporates
changes due to the passage of time into the carrying amount of the liability. 

General and administrative expenses for 2021 were approximately 2,685,000
as compared to approximately 2,640,000 for 2020, an increase of approximately 45,000 or 1.7 . 

21 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and 

 Schedules Index at Page
46 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None 

 Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Manager, we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
by the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Manager, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
and Accounting Manager concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this
report. 

Management s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Our internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of internal
control over financial reporting. These limitations include the possibility of human error, the circumvention of overriding of the system
and reasonable resource constraints. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used
the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on management s assessments and those criteria, management has concluded that Company s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This annual report does not include
an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial report. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and
Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

In preparation for management s
report on internal control over financial reporting, we documented and tested the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

Item 9B. Other Information 

Not Applicable 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate
Governance 

The Directors and Executive Officers of the Company and certain information concerning them is set forth below: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Chris G. Mazzini 
 65 
 Chairman of the Board, Director, and President 

Michelle H. Mazzini 
 61 
 Director, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer 

Ted R. Munselle 
 67 
 Director 

All directors hold offices until the next annual meeting of the shareholders
or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Officers of the Company serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

Business Experience 

Chris Mazzini, Chairman of the Board of Directors and President, graduated
from the University of Texas at Arlington in 1979 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Geology. He started his career in the oil and gas
industry in 1978 and began as a Petroleum Geologist with Spindletop in 1979, working the Fort Worth Basin of North Texas. He became Vice
President of Geology at Spindletop in 1982 and served in that capacity until he left the Company in 1985 when he founded Giant Energy
Corp. Giant ). Mr. Mazzini has served as President of Giant since then. He rejoined the Company in December 1999 when he,
through Giant, purchased controlling interest. Mr. Mazzini has been Chairman of the Board of Directors and President of the Company since
1999 and is a Certified and Licensed Petroleum Geologist. Mr. Mazzini has worked numerous geological basins throughout the United States
with an emphasis on the Fort Worth Basin. He is responsible for several new field discoveries in the Fort Worth Basin. 

Michelle Mazzini, Vice President and General Counsel, received her Bachelor
of Science Degree in Business Administration (Major: Accounting) from the University of Southwestern Louisiana (now named University of
Louisiana at Lafayette) where she graduated magna cum laude in 1985. She earned her law degree from Louisiana State University where she
graduated Order of the Coif in 1988. Ms. Mazzini began her career with Thompson Knight, a large law firm in Dallas, where she focused
her practice on general corporate and finance transactions. She also worked as Corporate Counsel for Alcatel USA, a global telecommunications
manufacturing corporation where her practice was broad-based. Ms. Mazzini serves as Vice President and General Counsel of the Company. 

Mr. Ted R. Munselle has been a member of the Board of Directors of Spindletop
Oil Gas Co. since 2012. Mr. Munselle is Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (since October 1998) of Landmark Nurseries,
Inc. He is a Certified Public Accountant (since 1980) who was employed as an Audit Partner in two Dallas, Texas based CPA firms (1986
to 1998), as an Audit Manager at Grant Thornton, LLP (1983 to 1986) and as Audit Staff to Audit Supervisor at Laventhol Horwath
(1977 to 1983). Mr. Munselle is also a director (since February 2004) of American Realty Investors, Inc. and Transcontinental Realty
Investors, Inc., both of which are Nevada corporations which have their common stock listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), as well as a director (since May 2009) of Income Opportunity Realty Investors, Inc., a Nevada corporation which
has its common stock listed and traded on the NYSE American. 

 Key and Technical Employees 

In addition to the services provided by Mr. Mazzini and Ms. Mazzini (both
of whom have biographies listed above), the Company also relies extensively on the key and the technical employees identified below. 

Dave Chivvis, Petroleum Engineer, joined the Company in May 2008. Mr. Chivvis
earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum Engineering from Texas A M University in 1993. After graduation, he worked for
Cox Resources Corporation, an independent oil and gas company located in Dallas, Texas. Mr. Chivvis worked in various engineering areas
from operations to acquisitions of oil and gas properties in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, and Arkansas. He then moved to Los Angeles in
2001 to pursue other opportunities before moving back to Texas to join the Company. 

Dick A. Mastin, Petroleum Landman, has been a full-time employee of the
Company since February 2006. Mr. Mastin graduated cum laude from Stephen F. Austin State University in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science
in Forestry and a minor in General Business. From September of 1980 until December of 1985, Mr. Mastin worked for Spindletop Oil 
Gas Co. as a Petroleum Landman. He received his Master of Science in Management and Administrative Sciences from the University of Texas
at Dallas in 1990. In January of 1987, he took a position with the Dallas office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. After a year
with the Bureau, he accepted a position with the Internal Revenue Service as a Revenue Agent. Fifteen of his eighteen years with the Service
were spent in the Large and Mid-Sized Business unit auditing tax returns of the largest business entities. 

Glenn E. Sparks is the Land Director and also acts as Associate General
Counsel to the Company. Mr. Sparks was previously employed as a Landman by the Company from 1982 through 1986, prior to attending law
school. Mr. Sparks holds a B.B.A. with a concentration in Finance from the University of Texas at Arlington, and a J.D. from Texas Tech
University School of Law. From 1990 to 2005, Mr. Sparks practiced law in a private practice focusing primarily on oil and gas law and
real estate, as a partner in the law firm of Logan Sparks, PLLC, and has acted as outside legal counsel for the Company in numerous
oil and gas transactions during his years in private practice. Mr. Sparks left his private law practice and joined the Company again
as an employee in his current position in 2005. Mr. Sparks is Board Certified in Oil Gas Mineral Law by the Texas Board of Legal
Specialization. 

Family Relationships 

Michelle Mazzini, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, and General Counsel
is the wife of Chris Mazzini, Chairman of the Board and President. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of the directors or executive officers of the Registrant, during the
past five years, has been involved in any civil or criminal legal proceedings, bankruptcy filings or has been the subject of an order,
judgment, or decree of any Federal or State authority involving Federal or State securities laws. 

Board Meetings, Committees, and Corporate Governance 

The Board of Directors met one time in 2022. The Board has established an
audit committee. The Board is small, and all members of the Board serve on the audit committee. The function of the audit committee is
to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by reviewing the financial information that will be provided to the shareholders
and others, the systems of internal controls that management and the Board of Directors have established, and the audit process. During
2022, Mr. Munselle was Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Munselle is qualified as an audit committee financial expert 
within the meaning of SEC Regulations. 

With respect to nominations to the Board, compensation, financial planning,
strategies, and business alternatives, the Company does not have separate committees as the Board is small and all members of the Board
participate in making recommendations and decisions on these matters. 

23 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Cash Compensation 

Cash compensation including salaries and bonuses, of 526,245, 501,431
and 404,447 was paid to Mr. Mazzini in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Cash compensation including salaries and bonuses of 426,223,
 392,230, and 332,898 was paid to Ms. Mazzini in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 

The Company has no stock option or incentive plan, does not grant any plan-based
awards or awards of equity securities. The Company has no pension plan for its employees. 

Compensation Pursuant to Plan 

None 

Other Compensation 

Key employees and officers of the Company may sometimes be assigned overriding
royalty interests and/or carried working interests in projects acquired by or generated by the Company. These interests normally vary
from less than one percent to three percent for each employee or officer. There is no set formula or policy for such program, and the
frequency and amounts are largely controlled by the economics of each project. We believe that these types of compensation arrangements
enable us to attract, retain and provide additional incentives to qualified and experienced personnel. 

Compensation of Directors 

Directors who are employees of the
Company are not currently compensated for their services on the Board . Mr. Munselle was paid a director s fee of 10,000
in 2022, 10,000 in 2021 and 10,000 in 2020 to compensate him for his position as the Board of Directors Financial Expert. Mr.
Munselle also receives 2,500 for each Board of Directors meeting during the year other than the annual meeting. 

Termination of Employment and Change of Control Arrangement 

There are no plans or arrangements for payment to officers or directors
upon resignation or a change in control of the Registrant. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Managers 

The table below sets forth the information indicated regarding ownership
of the Registrant's common stock, .01 par value, the only outstanding voting securities, as of April 17, 2023 with respect to: (i) any
person who is known to the Registrant to be the owner of more than five percent of the Registrant's common stock; (ii) the common stock
of the Registrant beneficially owned by each of the directors of the Registrant, and (iii) by all officers and directors as a group. Each
person has sole investment and voting power with respect to the shares indicated, except as otherwise set forth in the footnotes to the
table. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares 
 Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent Based on Outstanding Percent of Class 

Chris Mazzini and Michelle Mazzini 
 5,900,543 
 (1 
 87.41 
 
 12850 Spurling Rd., Suite 200 

Dallas, Texas 75230 

All officers and directors as a group 
 5,900,543 
 
 87.41 

Beneficial Ownership means the sole or shared power to vote,
or direct the voting of, a security or investment power with respect to a security, or any combination thereof. 

Percentages are based upon 6,750,318 shares of Common Stock outstanding
on April 17, 2023. 

(1) Chris Mazzini directly owns 39,654 shares (0.5874 ). Giant Energy Corp.
directly owns 5,860,889 shares (86.8240 ). Chris Mazzini owns 100 of the common stock of Giant Energy Corp. 

Changes in Control 

The Company is not aware of any arrangements or pledges with respect to
its securities that may result in a change in control of the Company. 

24 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence 

Transactions with Management and Others 

Certain officers, directors, and related parties, including entities controlled
by Mr. Mazzini, the President and Chief Executive Officer, have engaged in business transactions with the Company which were not the
result of arm's length negotiations between independent parties. Our management believes that the terms of these transactions were as
favorable to us as those that could have been obtained from unaffiliated parties under similar circumstances. All future transactions
between us and our affiliates will be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties and will be approved
by a majority of the members of our Board of Directors. 

Certain Business Relationships 

Certain officers, directors, and related parties including entities controlled
by officers of the Company, engage in business transactions with the Company which were not the result of arms-length negotiations between
independent parties. Accounts receivable and accounts payable contain 78,000 and 215,000, respectively, for the year ended December
31, 2022, relating to these transactions. Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2021, were not material. 

On October 1, 2008, Giant entered into an Administrative Services Agreement
with the Company whereby Giant pays the Company 250 per month for the Company providing administrative services to Giant; this agreement
was terminated in 2021. On October 1, 2008, the Company entered into a similar agreement with Giant NRG Co., LP NRG a
limited partnership with Chris Mazzini and Michelle Mazzini as limited 

 partners. Under this agreement NRG pays a monthly fee of 1,500.00 to the
Company in exchange for the Company providing certain administrative services to NRG. The Company has entered into a similar arrangement
with Peveler Pipeline, LP Peveler ), whereby Peveler pays the Company a monthly charge of 250.00 in exchange for the Company
providing administrative services to Peveler. Chris and Michelle Mazzini are the owners of Peveler Pipeline, LP, a limited partnership
which owns a pipeline gathering system servicing wells owned by Giant, another related entity, described elsewhere in this report. The
Company entered into a similar agreement with M-R Ventures, LLC MRV a limited liability company that operates some wells
in Michigan, and that is owned by Chris and Michelle Mazzini. Pursuant to this agreement, MRV pays the Company a monthly fee in the amount
of 500.00 for certain administrative services that the Company provides to MRV. The Company entered into a similar agreement with Reserve
Royalty Company Reserve a sole proprietorship that holds some royalty interests owned by Chris and Michelle Mazzini. Pursuant
to this agreement, Reserve pays the Company a monthly fee in the amount of 350.00 for certain administrative services that the Company
provides to Reserve. See also Footnote 5 to the Financial Statements. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold four properties
to a related party for a sales price of 563,000 with the offset being an adjustment to the full cost pool. No gain or loss was recognized
related to this transaction. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company participated in the completion
of the Howe #1H well located in the Normangee East block of Madison County, Texas, operated by Giant NRG Co., LP, a related entity. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company participated in the drilling
of the Smead Heirs #2 well located in Gregg County, Texas, operated by Giant NRG Co. LP, a related entity.x 

Director Independence 

Although the Company is not a listed issuer, the Board of Directors has
determined to utilize a definition of independence from the NYSE American exchange standard. Utilizing that standard, the Board of Directors,
which consists of only three individuals, two of whom are also executive officers of the Company, has determined that Director Ted R.
Munselle, is independent , utilizing the standards of the NYSE American exchange. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for professional services
rendered to Spindletop Oil Gas Co. and Subsidiaries for the years 2022 and 2021 by accounting firm, Farmer, Fuqua, Huff, P.C. 

Type of Fees 
 2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 57,955 
 45,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 
 12,000 

All other fees 

Members of the Board of Directors (the Board fulfill the responsibilities
of an audit committee and have established policies and Procedures for the approval and pre-approval of audit services and permitted
non-audit services. The Board has the responsibility to engage and terminate Farmer, Fuqua, Huff, P.C. an independent registered
public accounting firm, to pre-approve their performance of audit services and permitted non-audit services, to approve all audit and
non-audit fees, and to set guidelines for permitted non-audit services and fees. All the fees for 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by
the Board or were within the pre-approved guidelines for permitted non-audit services and fees established by the Board, and there were
no instances of waiver of approved requirements or guidelines during the same periods. 

25 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 

(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: The following financial statements of the Registrant and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm therein are filed as part of this Report on Form 10-K: 

Page 
 
 Report of Farmer, Fuqua Huff, P.C Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 29-30 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 31-32 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 33 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 34 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 35 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 

(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 49 
 
 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 50 

Other financial statement schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable, is immaterial or is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) EXHIBITS: The following documents are filed as exhibits (or are incorporated by reference as indicated) into Report: 

Exhibit Designation 
 Exhibit Description 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Spindletop Oil Gas Co. (previously filed with our General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, filed with the Commission on August 14, 1990) 

3.2 
 Bylaws of Spindletop Oil Gas Co. (previously filed with our General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, filed with the Commission on August 14, 1990) 

14 
 Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the registrant's annual report Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005) 

21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32 . 
 Officers' Section 1350 Certifications 

Filed herewith 

(b) The Index of Exhibits is included following the Financial Statement
Schedules beginning at page 46 of this Report. 

(c) The Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplemental Schedules
is included following the signatures, beginning at page 49 of this Report. 

(d) Supplemental Reserve Information (unaudited) is included in Note 17
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Optional and not included herein. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to have been signed in its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By:/s/ Chris G. Mazzini 

Chris G. Mazzini 

President, Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 

Principal Executive Officers 
 
 Capacity 
 Date 

/s/ Chris Mazzini 

President, Director 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Chris Mazzini 
 
 (Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Michelle Mazzini 

Vice President, Secretary, 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Michelle Mazzini 
 
 Treasurer, Director 

/s/ Ted R. Munselle 

Director 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Ted R. Munselle 

/s/ Robert E. Corbin 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 
 April 17, 2023 

and Accounting Manager 

Robert E. Corbin 

27 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 29-30 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 31-32 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended 

December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 

for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 34 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 35 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 36 

Schedules for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 49 
 
 III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 50 

All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information has been supplied in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

28 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Shareholders of Spindletop Oil Gas Co. 

Opinion of the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Spindletop Oil Gas Co. (A Texas Corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis of Opinion 

 These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Gain on sale of oil and gas property 

 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company uses the full cost method of accounting for its investment in oil and natural gas properties. Under full cost
method of accounting, gains and losses are treated as adjustments to the capitalized costs unless such adjustment would significantly
alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved oil and gas reserves attributed to a cost center. Significant judgment is
required to determine whether adjustment to capitalized costs would result in significant alteration. When it is determined that a gain
or loss should be recognized on such a sale, total capitalized costs within the cost center are allocated between the reserves sold and
those retained. The allocation of capitalized costs should be allocated on the basis of the relative fair values of the properties. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold a property for approximately 1,531,000. At the recognition of the sale, the Company s
unamortized capitalized costs for its only cost center were approximately 319,000 and at December 31, 2022 were fully amortized. The
most recent reserve report at the time of the sale contained no reserves related to this property. The Company determined that an adjustment
to capitalized costs would result in a significant alteration between properties sold and those retained and as such recognized a gain
on sale of the property. 

 We identified the recognition of a gain on the
sale of an oil and gas property under the full cost method of accounting as a critical audit matter. Significant judgment is required
to determine whether to recognize a gain on the sale of a property when the Company follows the full cost method of accounting. 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter. We obtained an understanding of the internal controls over the Company s procedures for accounting
for significant transactions. We examined the executed purchase and sale agreement agreeing the property description and the sales amount.
We examined the executed assignment and bill of sale as filed with the country in which the property is located. We reviewed the journal
entry recording the sale and recognition of the gain and vouched the receipt of the proceeds to the Company s bank. We determined
that the Company s most recent reserve report at the sale of the property did not include any reserves for the property and that
the unamortized capital costs at the recording of the sale were approximately 319,000 and -0- at December 31, 2022. 

Accounting for asset retirement obligations 

 At December 31, 2022, the asset retirement obligation
(ARO) balance totaled 3,654,000. As further described in Note 2, the Company s ARO primarily represents the estimated present value
of the amount the Company will incur to plug, abandon, and remediate producing properties at the end of their productive lives, in accordance
with applicable state laws. The Company determined its asset retirement obligation by calculating the present value of estimated cash
flows related to the liability. The asset retirement obligation is recorded as a liability at its estimated present value at its inception,
with an offsetting increase to producing properties. Periodic accretion of discount of the estimated liability is recorded as an expense
in the statement of operations. 

 The Company s liability is determined
using significant assumptions, including current estimates of plugging and abandonment costs and the productive life of wells. Changes
in any of these assumptions can result in significant revisions to the estimated asset retirement obligation. Revisions to the asset retirement
obligation are recorded with an offsetting change to producing properties, resulting in prospective changes to depreciation, depletion
and amortization expense and accretion of discount. Because of the subjectivity of assumptions and the varying estimated lengths of the
lives of the Company s wells, the costs to ultimately retire the wells may vary significantly from previous estimates. 

 We determined the accounting for the asset retirement
obligation as a critical audit matter as the calculation of the ARO is complex and highly judgmental because of the significant estimation
by management in determining the obligation. In particular, the estimate was sensitive to significant subjective assumptions such as retirement
cost estimates and the estimated timing of settlements which are both affected by expectations about future market and economic conditions. 

 We obtained an understanding of the Company s
internal controls over its ARO estimation process, including management s review of the significant assumptions that have a material
effect on the determination of the obligations. Our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the significant assumptions and
inputs used in the valuation, such as retirement cost estimates and timing of settlement assumptions. Additionally, we compared the ARO
against historical results, reviewed the reasonableness of the discount rate utilized in the estimate, and considered the completeness
of the properties included in the estimate by comparing to the Company s reserve report. 
 29 

Estimated proved reserves of oil and natural
gas 

 The Company uses the full cost method of accounting
for its investment in oil and natural gas properties. The Company s proved oil and natural gas properties are amortized using the
units of production method and are evaluated for impairment by the full cost ceiling impairment test utilizing the Company s oil
and natural gas reserves in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and SEC guidelines. The Company s
capitalized costs were fully amortized at December 31, 2022 and no amortization or impairment was recorded for the year ending December
31, 2022. The Company s internal reserve engineer prepares the reserve report. Estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural
gas properties depend upon a number of factors and assumptions, including quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered,
the timing of the recovery of oil and natural gas reserves, the operating costs incurred, the amount of future development expenditures,
and the price received for the production. The methodology used to prepare the report is in conformity with SEC guidelines. Information
contained in the reserve report is used in the calculation of the asset retirement obligation. Estimated oil and natural gas reserves
represent potential future revenue through production or sale of properties. 

 We identified the estimation of proved oil and
nature gas reserves as a critical audit matter. There is a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating the estimate of proved oil and natural
gas reserves, as auditor judgment was required to evaluate the assumptions used by the Company related to determining the value and quantity
of future oil and gas reserves. 

 The following are the primary procedures we
performed to address this critical audit matter. We obtained an understanding of the internal controls over the Company s processes
for providing information to the internal reserve engineer and his processes for preparing the reserve report. We evaluated (1) the professional
qualifications of the Company s internal reserve engineer and (2) the knowledge, skill, and ability of the Company s internal
reserve engineer. We assessed the methodology used by the Company to estimate the reserves for consistency with industry and regulatory
standards and obtained confirmation from the internal reserve engineer. We tested the current year pricing, production, and expenses used
in the preparation of the reserve report. In addition, we performed a retrospective review of the prior year reserve report. 

 Supplemental Information 

 The supplemental information contained in Schedules
II and III has been subjected to audit procedures performed in conjunction with the audit of the Company s consolidated financial
statements. The supplemental information is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our audit procedures included determining
whether the supplemental information reconciles to the consolidated financial statements or underlying accounting and other records, as
applicable, and performing procedures to test the completeness and accuracy of the information presented in the supplemental information.
In forming our opinion on the supplemental information, we evaluated whether the supplemental information, including its form and content,
is presented in conformity with the Security and Exchange Commission s rules. In our opinion, the supplemental information is fairly
stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated financial statements as a whole. 

/s/ 

April 17, 2023 

We are uncertain as to the year our predecessor firm
began serving as the auditor of the Company s consolidated financial statements; however, we are aware that we have been the Company s
auditor consecutively since at least 1995. 

30 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS Co. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Income tax receivable 

Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment - at cost 

Oil and gas properties (full cost method) 

Rental equipment 

Gas gathering system 

Other property and equipment 

26,243,000 
 27,149,000 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total Property and Equipment 

Real Estate Property - at cost 

Land 

Commercial office building 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total Real Estate Property 

Other Assets 

Deferred Income Tax Asset 

Other long-term investments 

Other 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

31 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS Co. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Deferred Income Tax Payable 

Asset retirement obligation 

Total Noncurrent Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Shareholders' Equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost 

Retained earnings 

Total Shareholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

32 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues 

Oil and gas revenues 

Revenue from lease operations 

Gas gathering, compression, equipment rental 

Real estate rental income 

Other revenue 

Total Revenues 

Expenses 

Lease operations 

Production taxes, gathering and marketing 

Pipeline and rental operations 

Real estate operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

ARO accretion expense 

General and administrative 

Total Expenses 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Other Revenue and Expense 

Interest income 

Debt forgiveness income 

Gain on sale of properties 

Income (loss) before income tax 

Current income tax provision (benefit) 

Deferred income tax provision (benefit) 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

Net Income (Loss) 

Earnings (Loss) per Share of Common Stock 

Earnings (Loss) per Share of Common
 Stock Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding
 Basic and Diluted 

33 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Common Stock Shares 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Treasury Stock Shares 
 Treasury Stock Amount 
 Retained Earnings 
 
 Balance December 31, 2019 

Purchase of shares of Common Stock as Treasury Stock 

Net (Loss) 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Net Income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Purchase of shares of Common Stock as Treasury Stock 

Net Income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

34 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net Income (loss) 

Reconciliation of net Income (loss) to net cash 

Reconciliation of net Income to net
 cash provided (used) by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accretion of asset retirement obligation 

Gain on sale of oil and gas properties 

Changes in accounts receivable 

Changes in income tax receivable 

Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Forgiveness of SBA paycheck Protection Loan 

Changes in deferred Income tax asset 

Changes in deferred Income tax payable 

Changes in other assets 

Net cash provided (used) for operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Capitalized acquisition, exploration and development 

Purchase of other property and equipment 

Changes in other long-term investments 

Proceeds from sale of oil and gas properties 

Capitalized tenant improvements and broker fees 

Net cash provided (used) for investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Purchase of 5,000 shares of treasury stock 

Proceeds from SBA Paycheck Protection Loan Program 

Net cash provided (used) for financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents,
 and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 

35 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. At the recognition of the sale, the net unamortized
full cost pool was approximately 319,000. Therefore, an adjustment to the capitalized costs would result in a significant alteration
between the properties sold and those retained. As a result, the Company recognized a gain on this sale. 

 . 

The following table reflects the changes of the asset retirement obligations
during the periods ending December 31. 

Liabilities added 

Liabilities divested or settled 

Current period accretion expenses 

Carrying amount as of December 31, 

Contract Balances 

 The Company receives purchaser statements
from the majority of its customers but there are a few contracts where the Company prepares the invoice. Payment is unconditional upon
receipt of the statement or invoice. Accordingly, the Company s product sales contracts do not give rise to contract assets or liabilities
under ASC 606. The majority of the Company s contract pricing provisions are tied to a market index, with certain adjustments based
on, among other factors, whether a well delivers to a gathering or transmission line, quality of the oil or natural gas, and supply and
demand conditions. The price of these commodities fluctuates to remain competitive with supply. 

Prior Period Performance Obligations 

 The Company records revenue in the month
production is delivered to the purchaser. Settlement statements may not be received for 30 to 90 days after the date production is delivered,
and therefore the Company is required to estimate the amount of production delivered to the purchaser and the price that will be received
for the sale of the product. Differences between the Company s estimates and the actual amounts received for product sales are generally
recorded in the following month that payment is received. Any differences between the Company s revenue estimates and actual revenue
received historically have not been significant. The Company has internal controls in place for its revenue estimation accrual process. 

Impact of Adoption of ASC 606 

 The Company has completed its review of its
primary oil and natural gas marketing agreements in order to assess the impact of adoption, and it has assessed that adoption of this
standard will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements because revenue will continue to be recognized as production
is delivered. The Company adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2018 utilizing the modified retrospective method. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No 2016-15:
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The FASB issued this Accounting Standards
Update to address eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments in
this Update are effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. 

Currently, there are no other new accounting pronouncements that were issued
to be effective in 2022 or subsequent thereto that would have a material impact on the Company s financial reporting. 

39 

Accrued receivable 

Less: Allowance for losses 

Accrued receivables are receivables from purchasers of oil and gas. These
revenues are booked from check stub detail after receipt of the check for sales of oil and natural gas products. These payments are for
sales of oil and natural gas produced in the reporting period, but for which payment has not yet been received until after the closing
date of the reporting period. Therefore, these sales are accrued as receivables as of the balance sheet date. Revenues for oil and natural
gas production that has been sold but for which payment has not yet been received is accrued in the period sold. 

Production proceeds payable 

Prepaid drilling costs 

and , respectively, for the year ended December
31, 2022, relating to these transactions. Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2021, were not material. 

On October 1, 2008, Giant entered into an Administrative Services Agreement
with the Company whereby Giant pays the Company per month for the Company providing administrative services to Giant; this agreement
was terminated in 2021. On October 1, 2008, the Company entered into a similar agreement with Giant NRG Co., LP NRG a
limited partnership with Chris Mazzini and Michelle Mazzini as limited partners. Under this agreement NRG pays a monthly fee of .00 to the
Company in exchange for the Company providing certain administrative services to NRG. The Company has entered into a similar arrangement
with Peveler Pipeline, LP Peveler ), whereby Peveler pays the Company a monthly charge of .00 in exchange for the Company
providing administrative services to Peveler. Chris and Michelle Mazzini are the owners of Peveler Pipeline, LP, a limited partnership
which owns a pipeline gathering system servicing wells owned by Giant, another related entity, described elsewhere in this report. The
Company entered into a similar agreement with M-R Ventures, LLC MRV a limited liability company that operates some wells
in Michigan, and that is owned by Chris and Michelle Mazzini. Pursuant to this agreement, MRV pays the Company a monthly fee in the amount
of .00 for certain administrative services that the Company provides to MRV. The Company entered into a similar agreement with Reserve
Royalty Company Reserve a sole proprietorship that holds some royalty interests owned by Chris and Michelle Mazzini. Pursuant
to this agreement, Reserve pays the Company a monthly fee in the amount of .00 for certain administrative services that the Company
provides to Reserve. See also Footnote 5 to the Financial Statements. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold four to a related
party for a sales price of with the offset being an adjustment to the full cost pool. No gain or loss was recognized related
to this transaction. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company participated in the completion
of the Howe #1H well located in the Normangee East block of Madison County, Texas, operated by Giant NRG Co., LP, a related entity. 

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company participated in the drilling
of the Smead Heirs #2 well located in Gregg County, Texas, operated by Giant NRG Co. LP, a related entity. 

shares and shares of its common stock from a non-controlling, unaffiliated shareholder of the Company
for a negotiated purchase price of and respectively, or per share. The repurchased shares are held as Treasury
Stock. 

Effective July 7, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of
its common stock from a non-controlling, unaffiliated shareholder of the Company for a negotiated purchase price of or per
share. 

The repurchased shares are held as Treasury Stock. 

40 

to pretax income in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

Miscellaneous timing differences 

related to book and tax depletion differences 

Miscellaneous timing differences related to book and tax
 depletion differences and the expensing of intangible drilling costs. 

NOL Carryforward 

Gain on sale of oil and gas properties' 

Correction of prior year estimate 

Expected Federal income tax expense (benefit) 

Income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Federal income taxes (benefit) 
 570,000 
 24,000 
 (191,000 
 
 State income taxes 

Current income tax provision (benefit) 

Deferred income taxes reflect the effects of temporary differences between
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of those assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. Deferred
income taxes also reflect the value of investment tax credits and an offsetting valuation allowance. The Company's total deferred tax
assets and corresponding valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. Congress enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
(the Act which made significant changes to U.S. federal income tax law, including lowering the federal statutory corporate
income tax rate to 21 beginning January 1, 2018. The income tax effects of changes in tax laws are recognized in the period when enacted. 

The Company's estimate does not reflect effects of any state tax law changes
and uncertainties regarding interpretations that may arise as a result of federal tax reform. 

Expired leasehold 

Other, net 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Intangible drilling costs 

Installment sale income 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax liability 

Net deferred income tax asset (payable) 

41 

Excluded from the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows were the effects of certain non-cash investing and financing activities, as follows: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Addition (Reduction) of oil gas 

properties by recognitions of 

Addition
 (Reduction) of oil gas properties by recognitions of asset retirement obligation 

(285,000 
 (113,000 
 (36,000 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Proceeds from sales of oil and gas properties 

Less: 

Qualified Intermediary accounts receivable 

. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 
in checking and money market accounts at one bank, at a second bank, , , and invested at three other
banks. The Company also had approximately of long-term certificates of deposit invested at these banks. Cash amounts on deposit
at these institutions exceeded current per account FDIC protection limits by approximately . 

Most of the Company's business activity is located in Texas. Accounts receivable
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, are due from both individual and institutional owners of joint interests in oil and gas wells as well
as purchasers of oil and natural gas. A portion of the Company's ability to collect these receivables is dependent upon revenues generated
from sales of oil and natural gas produced by the related wells. 

Restricted cash 

Long-term investments 

Accounts receivable 

The fair value amounts for each of the financial instruments listed above
approximate carrying amounts due to the short maturities of these instruments. 

42 

and one single well bond with an insurance company, for wells the Company operates in Alabama. The 5,000
bonds are written for a three-year period and have expiration dates of August 1, 2025. The bond is written for a one-year
period and expired February 16, 2023. Subsequent to year-end, this bond has been extended through February 16, 2024. 

The Company has eight letters of credit from a
bank issued for the benefit of various state regulatory agencies in Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, the U.S. Department of the Interior Bureau
of Indian Affairs, and Louisiana, ranging in amounts from to and totaling . These letters of credit are
fully secured by funds on deposit with the bank in business money market accounts and automatically extend for a period of one year unless
cancelled by the beneficiary. 

The Company has seven additional letters of credit
from one bank issued for the benefit of various state agencies in Texas, New Mexico, and Oklahoma ranging from to totaling
 . These letters of credit are secured by long-term certificates of deposit at the two banks. 

On July 23, 2020, a subsidiary of the Company received notice of a lawsuit
filed in Louisiana against the Company s subsidiary and numerous other oil and gas companies alleging a pollution claim for properties
operated by the defendants in Louisiana, and the Company s subsidiary filed an answer. The Plaintiffs filed a First Supplemental
and Amending Petition for Damages on January 21, 2021. The litigation is currently in the discovery phase. Management has regular litigation
reviews, including updates from corporate and outside counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of contingencies
for litigation. The Company will continue to defend its subsidiary vigorously in this matter. 

Giant NRG Co., LP 

Bedrock Energy Partners 

Enlink Gas Marketing, LTD. 

Barnett Gathering, LP 

Pruet Production Co. 

ETC Texas Pipeline, LTD 

Eastex Crude Company 

BKV Midstream 

Hunt Crude Oil Supply 

Javelin Oil Gas 

Phillips 66 

Bedrock Production LLC 

Producer's Midstream 

IACX Roswell LLC 

Oasis Transportation Marketing Group 

Trailblazer formerly ETX Energy, LLC 

Empire Pipeline Corp. 

Webb Energy Resources, Inc. 

Edinger Engineering Inc. 

Midcoast Energy Partners LP 

DCP Midstream, LP 

Land and Natural Resource Development 

Eagle Ridge Operating, Inc 

OXY USA, Inc. 

FDL Operating LLC 

Sunoco Partners Marketing 

Targa Midstream Services, LLC 

Peveler Pipeline, LP 

Valero Energy Corporation 

ACE Gathering, Inc. 

Lion Oil Trading Transportation 

Enterprise Crude Oil, LLC 

Purchaser / Operator 

Oil and natural gas production is sold to many different purchasers/operators
under market sensitive, short-term contracts. 

Except as set forth above, there are no other purchasers/operators of the
Company s oil and natural gas production that individually accounted for more than one percent (1 of the Company's oil and natural
gas revenues during the three years ended December 31, 2022. 

The Company currently has no hedged contracts. 

Certain revenues, costs and expenses related to the Company's oil and gas
operations are as follows: 

Proved properties 

Total capitalized costs 

Accumulated amortization 

Total capitalized costs, net 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Costs incurred in oil and gas property acquisitions, exploration and development: 

acquisitions, exploration and development: 

Acquisition of properties 

Development costs 

Total costs incurred 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Results of operations from producing activities: 

Sales of oil and gas 

Production costs 

Amortization of oil and gas properties 

Total production costs 

Total net revenue 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Sales price per equivalent Mcf 

Production costs per equivalent Mcf 

Amortization per equivalent Mcf 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Results of operations from gas gathering and equipment rental activities: 

and equipment rental activities: 

Revenue 

Operating expenses 

Depreciation 

Total costs 

Total net revenue 

44 

and operations 

Gas gathering, compression and equipment rental 

equipment rental 

Real estate rental 

Revenues 
 8,292,000 
 6,024,000 
 3,518,000 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Depreciation, depletion, and 

amortization expense: 

Oil and gas exploration, production and operations 

and operations 

Impairment of oil and gas assets 

Gas gathering, compression and equipment rental 

equipment rental 

Real estate rental 

Depreciation, depletion, and amortization expense 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Income (loss) from operations: 

Oil and gas exploration, production and operations 

and operations 

Gas gathering, compression and equipment rental 

equipment rental 

Real estate rental 

Corporate and other (2) 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Identifiable assets net of DDA: 

Oil and gas exploration, production 

Oil and gas exploration, production and operations 

Gas gathering, compression and 

Gas gathering, compression and equipment rental 

Real estate rental 

Corporate and other (3) 

Consolidated total assets 

Note (1): All reported revenues are from external customers. 

Note (2): Corporate and other includes general and administrative expenses,
other non-operating income and expense and income taxes. 

Note (3): Corporate and other includes cash, accounts and notes receivable,
inventory, other property and equipment and intangible assets. 

45 

Production taxes 

Taxes, other than payroll and income taxes 

Expense 

Operating income (loss) 

Other revenues 

Net income (loss) 

Current tax (provision) benefit 

Deferred tax (provision) benefit 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per share of 

common stock 

Earnings (loss) per share of common stock Basic and diluted 

. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 Revenue 

Expense 

Operating income (loss) 

Current tax (provision) benefit 

Deferred tax (provision) benefit 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per share of 

common stock 

Earnings (loss) per share of common stock Basic and diluted 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

First Quarter 
 Second Quarter 
 Third Quarter 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 Revenue 

Expense 

Operating income (loss) 

Current tax (provision) benefit 

Deferred tax (provision) benefit 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per share of 

common stock 

Earnings (loss) per share of common stock Basic and diluted 

46 

Proved Developed Reserves were calculated based on Decline Curve Analysis
on 42 operated wells and 81 non-operated wells. Materially insignificant operated and non-operated
wells were excluded from the reserve estimate. 

The Company emphasizes that reserve estimates are inherently imprecise.
Accordingly, the estimates are expected to change as more current information becomes available. It is reasonably possible that, because
of changes in market conditions or the inherent imprecision of these reserve estimates, that the estimates of future cash inflows, future
gross revenues, the amount of oil and natural gas reserves, the remaining estimated lives of the oil and natural gas properties, or any
combination of the above may be increased or reduced in the near term. If reduced, the carrying amount of capitalized oil and gas properties
may be reduced materially in the near term. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Future production revenue 
 38,697,000 
 32,392,000 
 10,020,000 
 
 Future development costs 

Future production costs 
 (18,293,000 
 (15,690,000 
 (6,284,000 
 
 Future net cash flow before Federal income taxes 
 20,404,000 
 16,702,000 
 3,736,000 
 
 Future income taxes 
 (3,061,000 
 (2,505,000 
 (560,000 
 
 Future net cash flows 
 17,343,000 
 14,197,000 
 3,176,000 
 
 Effect of 10 annual discounting 
 (3,878,000 
 (3,719,000 
 (609,000 
 
 Standardized measure of discounted cash flows 
 13,465,000 
 10,478,000 
 2,567,000 

Changes in the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Beginning of the year 
 10,478,000 
 2,567,000 
 6,098,000 
 
 Sales of oil and gas, net of production costs 
 (4,556,000 
 (3,108,000 
 (879,000 
 
 Net changes in prices and production costs 
 5,983,000 
 7,762,000 
 (963,000 
 
 Extensions, discoveries, additions less related costs 
 109,000 
 574,000 

Development costs incurred 
 153,000 
 429,000 
 92,000 
 
 Revisions of previous quantity estimates 
 3,637,000 
 1,896,000 
 (963,200 
 
 Net change in purchase and sales of minerals in place 
 (68,000 
 (24,000 
 28,664 
 
 Accretion of discount 
 1,048,000 
 257,000 
 610,000 
 
 Net change in income taxes 
 (577,000 
 (549,000 
 777,000 
 
 Other 
 (2,742,000 
 674,000 
 (2,233,464 
 
 End of year 
 13,465,000 
 10,478,000 
 2,567,000 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021, AND 2020 

SCHEDULE I I 

Balance 
 Costs Expenses 
 Deductions 
 Ending Balance 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 

December 31, 2022 
 15,000 

15,000 

December 31, 2021 
 15,000 

15,000 

December 31, 2020 
 15,000 

15,000 

SCHEDULE III 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

Initial Cost to Corporation 
 Total Cost 
 
 Description 
 
 Encumbrances 
 Land 
 Buildings 
 Subsequent 
to Acquisition 

Two story multi-tenant garden office building with sub-grade parking garage located in Dallas, Texas 
 (b) 
 688,000 
 1,298,000 
 605,000 

Gross amounts at which carried at close of year 

Land 
 Buildings 
 Total 
 Accumulated 
Depreciation 
 Life on which 
Depreciation 
Calculated 
 Date 
Acquired 

688,000 
 1,903,000 
 2,591,000 
 1,163,000 
 (a) 
 12/27/2004 

Notes to Schedule III 

(a) See Footnote 2 to the Financial Statements outlining depreciation methods and lives. 

(b) None 

SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 

(c) The reconciliation for investments in real estate and accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022 are as follows 

Investments in Real Estate 
 Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2005 
 1,986,000 
 49,000 
 
 Acquisitions 
 210,000 

Depreciation expense 
 
 71,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2006 
 2,196,000 
 120,000 
 
 Acquisitions 
 34,000 

Depreciation expense 
 
 84,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2007 
 2,230,000 
 204,000 
 
 Acquisitions 
 38,000 

Depreciation expense 
 
 96,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2008 
 2,268,000 
 300,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 100,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2009 
 2,268,000 
 400,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 101,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2010 
 2,268,000 
 501,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 100,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2011 
 2,268,000 
 601,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 51,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2012 
 2,268,000 
 652,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 52,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2013 
 2,268,000 
 704,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 52,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2014 
 2,268,000 
 756,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 47,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2015 
 2,268,000 
 803,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 47,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2016 
 2,268,000 
 850,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 47,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2017 
 2,268,000 
 897,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 48,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2018 
 2,268,000 
 945,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 47,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 
 2,268,000 
 992,000 
 
 Acquisitions 
 44,000 

Depreciation expense 
 
 55,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 2,312,000 
 1,047,000 
 
 Acquisitions 

Depreciation expense 
 
 55,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 2,312,000 
 1,102,000 
 
 Acquisitions 
 279,000 

Depreciation expense 
 
 61,000 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 2,591,000 
 1,163,000 

<EX-21>
 2
 exhibit_21.htm
 SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

SPINDLETOP OIL GAS CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Spindletop Drilling Company, incorporated September 5, 1975, under the laws
of the State of Texas, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant. 

Prairie Pipeline Co. incorporated June 22, 1983, under the laws of the
State of Texas, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Registrant. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit_31-1.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Chris G. Mazzini, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of Spindletop Oil Gas Co.: 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report: 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report: 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-15(e)
and 15d-15e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of registrant's Board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By:/s/ Chris G. Mazzini 

Chris G. Mazzini 

President, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit_31-2.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Robert E. Corbin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report
on Form 10-K of Spindletop Oil Gas Co.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-15(e)
and 15d-15e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying
officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of registrant's Board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By:/s/ Robert E. Corbin 

Robert E. Corbin 

Principal Financial Officer and 
 Accounting Manager 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit_32.htm
 OFFICERS' SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS

Exhibit 32 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Spindletop Oil Gas Co. (the
 Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company,
do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

By:/s/ Chris G. Mazzini 

Chris G. Mazzini 

President, Principal Executive Officer 

By:/s/ Robert E. Corbin 

Robert E. Corbin 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Accounting Manager 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 spnd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 spnd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 spnd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 spnd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

