<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1849058_0001213900-23-029772.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4191066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>255782</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>784878</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1082371</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>997509</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>954154</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029772.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414122528
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029772
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clover Leaf Capital Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849058
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40625
		FILM NUMBER:		23820395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1450 BRICKELL AVENUE, SUITE 2520
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3055770031

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1450 BRICKELL AVENUE, SUITE 2520
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33131

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029772.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cloverleaf.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from 
 to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of one share of Class A common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination CLOEU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Rights, every eight (8) rights entitling the holder to receive one share of Class A common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination CLOER The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who
may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022,
as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was . 

As of April 14, 2023 there were 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 24 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 26 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 26 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 26 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 26 

PART II 
 27 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 27 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 28 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 32 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 32 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 33 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 33 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 34 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 34 

PART III 
 35 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 35 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 39 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 39 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 41 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 43 

PART IV 
 44 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 44 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 44 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete
 our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination 

our officers and directors
 allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
 business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to
 obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective
 target businesses; 

our public securities 
 potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for
 our securities; 

the use of proceeds not
 held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2018
 Farm Bill are to the U.S. Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018; 

2022
 Special Meeting are to the special meeting of the stockholders of the Company held on October 19, 2022; 

ASC 
 are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ii 

ASU 
 are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board of directors, 
 board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination 
 are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one
 or more businesses; 

CBD are to
 cannabidiol; 

Class
 A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class
 B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

common stock 
 are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

Company, 
 our Company, we or us are to Clover Leaf Capital Corp, a Delaware corporation; 

Continental 
 are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and right agent of our public rights (as defined
 below); 

Conversion Units 
 are to units of the Company issuable upon conversion of the unpaid principal amount of the First Extension Note (as defined below)
 at the election of our sponsor (as defined below); 

CSA are to
 the U.S. Controlled Substances Act; 

DGCL are
 to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System 
 are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act 
 are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB 
 are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FDA are to
 the Food and Drug Administration; 

FFDCA are
 to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); 

FINRA are
 to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

First Extension 
 are to the extension of the date by which the Company has to complete its initial business combination from July 22, 2022 to October
 22, 2022 as requested by our sponsor pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; 

First Extension
 Note are to the promissory note in the principal amount of 1,383,123 issued to our sponsor on July 18, 2022 in connection
 with the First Extension; 

founder shares 
 are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement and the shares of Class A common
 stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our business combination
 as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class A common stock are not public shares (as defined
 below)); 

GAAP are
 to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

iii 

IFRS are
 to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial public offering 
 are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on July 22, 2021; 

initial stockholders 
 are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares (or their permitted transferees); 

Investment Company
 Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS
 Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Marcum 
 are to Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

Nasdaq 
 are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

PCOAB 
 are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private
 placement are to the private placement of units that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private
 placement rights are to the rights included within the private placement units (as defined below) purchased by our sponsor
 and the representative in the private placement; 

private
 placement shares are to the shares of Class A common stock included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor
 and the representative in the private placement (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class A common stock are not public
 shares 

private
 placement units are to the units issued to our sponsor and the representative in the private placement; 

public
 rights are to our rights sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial
 public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are
 purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent
 our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s
 and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public
 shares; 

Registration
 Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021, as amended, and declared
 effective on July 19, 2021 (File No. 333-255111); 

Report 
 are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

representative 
 are to Maxim Group LLC, the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

representative
 shares are to the 138,312 shares of our Class A common stock issued to the representative and/or its designees upon the consummation
 of our initial public offering (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of Class A common stock are not public shares 

iv 

rights 
 are to our rights, which each entitle the holder to receive one-eighth (1/8) of one share of Class A common stock upon the consummation
 of an initial business combination, and which rights include the public rights as well as the private placement rights; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
 are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Second
 Extension are to the extension of the date by which the Company has to complete its initial business combination from October
 22, 2022 to July 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors, as approved by the stockholders of the Company
 at the 2022 Special Meeting; 

Second
 Extension Note are to the promissory note in the principal amount of 1,383,123 issued to our sponsor on October 19, 2022
 in connection with the Second Extension; 

Securities
 Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs 
 are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor 
 are to Yntegra Capital Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, an affiliate of Yntegra Capital Management LLC; 

THC 
 are to tetrahydrocannabinol; 

trust
 account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 140,386,985 10.15 per unit) from the net proceeds of
 the sale of the units in our initial public offering and the private placement units was placed following the closing of our initial
 public offering; 

units 
 are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one public right; and 

working
 capital loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction
 costs in connection with an initial business combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or
 certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company . 

v 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation whose business purpose is to effect an initial business combination
with one or more businesses. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
July 22, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 13,831,230 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock
and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of a share of Class A common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination,
with every eight (8) rights entitling the holder thereof to receive one share of Class A common stock at the closing of the business
combination. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 138,312,300. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 675,593 units to our sponsor and the
representative at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 6,755,930. 

Upon
the consummation of our initial public offering, we also issued an additional 138,312 shares of Class A common stock, valued at 10.00
per share, to the representative and/or its designees. 

A
total of 140,386,985, comprised of 138,312,300 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 2,074,685 of the proceeds of the
sale of the private placement units, was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

We
originally had up to 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until July 22, 2022, to consummate an initial
business combination. However, as requested by our sponsor and as permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
on July 19, 2022, we extended the period of time to consummate a business combination by an additional three months from July 22, 2022
to October 22, 2022. In addition, at the 2022 Special Meeting held on October 19, 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from
October 22, 2022 to July 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors. For more information regarding the extensions,
see Effecting Our Initial Business Combination below. 

It
is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Felipe MacLean,
our President and CEO. We must complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023. If our initial business combination is not
consummated by July 22, 2023, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

Business 

We
are an early stage blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting an initial business
combination with one or more businesses or entities. While we may pursue a business combination target in any business, industry or geographic
region, we have focused our search on cannabis industry businesses that are compliant with all applicable laws and regulations within
the jurisdictions in which they are located or operate, and, in particular, we will not invest in, or consummate a business combination
with, a target business that we determine has been operating, or whose business plan is to operate, in violation of U.S. federal laws,
including the CSA. 

1 

Under
the current legal landscape, examples of the business combination targets that we may pursue in the United State include providers of
ancillary services that support the functioning of cannabis activity, but which are not themselves directly plant touching businesses.
Such businesses have emerged, driven by the growth of the cannabis industry in sales and footprint, and include the following: 

Cultivation
 Technology: HVAC systems, environmental controls, lighting, automation, enhanced nutrients and soil, grow management software, propagation
 methods and resource management. 

Processing
 Technology: Safe production capabilities, effective compound isolations, enhanced extraction and manufacturing equipment for increased
 efficiency and lower production costs. 

Testing
 Technology: Quality assurance and compliance is a state-mandated requirement, from cultivation to the finished good. Reduction
 in time and cost is an essential new development and competitive advantage. 

Consumer
 Goods Technology: Safety and proper dosing technologies allow for consumer confidence in companies and brands which leads to a loyal
 customer base. 

Another
area of focus for a potential business combination target is Specialty Finance. We believe there is an attractive investment opportunity
to focus on those that provide asset-based loans, mainly with real estate. The opportunity is to provide financing and/or sale-leaseback of
specialized industrial real estate assets for the regulated cannabis industry. Offering real estate solutions is an attractive alternative
to state-licensed operators that have limited access to efficient traditional financing solutions. We believe that the existence
of established, creditworthy cannabis companies without access to conventional sources of capital is a compelling business opportunity
for the creation of a leading specialty finance company in the cannabis industry. 

In
addition to the above, we may consider pursuing a non-plant touching target business with a focus on e-commerce. The e-commerce revolution
has significantly impacted the cannabis industry. The overall growth in the cannabis industry over the past couple of years has increased
direct-to-consumer sales platforms and online ordering in those states where legally available. Technologies include existing and
developing online platforms and transportation/delivery services that have started to change the industry. 

If
we target a business with a focus on e-commerce, we would only target a business that limits its activities to those states where such
activities are legal. To the extent the target business involves a product that is excluded from Schedule 1 of the CSA, such as hemp
or hemp-derived products, such target company may engage in interstate commerce. E-commerce in the cannabis industry can be
distinguished in the following ways: 

Marketplaces:
 Direct sale platforms (solely in states and products where it is legally allowed), such as business-to-consumer apps
 or websites that transact intrastate business directly with the final buyer. 

Delivery
 Services: Online ordering (especially post Covid-19) has set a new consumer behavior trend for the industry. These platforms are
 not available in every legal state, but California has shown how successful they can be. Online ordering and delivery platforms cost
 per sale is significantly less than brick and mortar translating to greater margins. We believe that direct-to-consumer sales
 platforms and online ordering are the future of cannabis retail. 

Online
 Communities or Destinations: Aggregator platforms designed to provide consumers with information and education on available
 products and prices across multiple retailers. Actual sales are conducted by a licensed brick mortar store (dispensary), but
 these networks offer exposure to more potential customers. In addition to the above, we may also consider targets that are hemp derived
 CBD businesses that are compliant with the 2018 Farm Bill, which would include targets engaged in cultivation, manufacturing, processing,
 branding, transportation, distribution, storage or sale of hemp-derived CBD. Any such targets would only produce products that
 are derived from hemp, as defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, and therefore have a delta-9 THC concentration of not more
 than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. In addition, any such products must comply with the FFDCA and its implementing regulations,
 as amended from time to time. 

2 

We
may also consider entering into a business combination to market or develop products regulated by the FDA, including pharmaceutical applications
and treatments that entail compounds found in cannabis. It is unclear how the FDA will respond to the approach taken by a target business
we acquire, or whether the FDA will propose or implement new or additional regulations. In addition, such products may be subject to
regulation at the state or local levels. Unforeseen regulatory obstacles may hinder our ability to find a target business that can successfully
compete in the market for such products. However, recent regulatory movements such as the proposed amendment to the FFDCA may provide
the FDA with the flexibility to regulate hemp-based CBD as a dietary supplement and a potential pathway forward for hemp-derived health
and wellness products. 

The
Cannabis Industry 

The
current trend to legalize different uses and applications of cannabinoid products in the United States has begun to normalize a situation
that had been known to science for many years: that there are numerous benefits from the use of the derived substances of the Cannabis
plant. While cannabis is currently illegal under U.S. federal law since it is classified as a Schedule I drug under the CSA, which imposes
various criminal penalties, the laws and regulations governing cannabis are still developing including in ways that we may not foresee.
For example, the 2018 Farm Bill has taken hemp and hemp-derived cannabinoids out of the most restrictive class of controlled substances
under U.S. federal law. Furthermore, numerous U.S. states have legalized the adult use of marijuana, even though its use remains a violation
of U.S. federal law. 

The
evolving regulatory landscape of cannabis is creating the possibility of a new legalized industry, for both the medical and adult use
of cannabinoid products, understanding that cannabis continues to be illegal under U.S. federal law. The public perception of this old
prohibition, alongside with the social support and better government understanding of this issue, has paved the way for one of the fastest
growing industries in today s market. This presents a unique opportunity for companies with the capital, knowledge and experience
to benefit from this seismic change. 

This
new potential is increased with continual scientific developments that have been unlocking the different properties of the cannabis plant,
especially for its two main cannabinoids: Cannabinol or CBD and Tetrahydrocannabinol or THC . The Cannabis
Industry today has been growing at a rapid pace, when more and more of the health and wellness benefits of the use of these cannabinoids
gets unlocked by human discovery. 

But
this novel industry is still in its infancy, as regulatory changes have been gradually changing the state legalized use of cannabis products,
both for its medical use, that mainly use non-psychoactive CBD components, and the social or adult use that have controlled psychoactive
THC components. 

The
cannabis industry can be segmented into the following four main categories: 

THC Market:
 Medical Adult 

CBD Market:
 Health Wellness 

Pharmaceutical 

Industrialized
 Hemp: Oil Fiber Production 

In
2018, the U.S. Congress passed the 2018 Farm Bill, which legalized a significant portion of the hemp industry. With the passage of the
2018 Farm Bill, there has been a significant increase in the availability of hemp-derived products, including products containing
CBD. Hemp-derived CBD products are now legally available through mainstream distribution channels and retailers. A wide range of
CBD-infused products, including lotions, serums, balms, tinctures, shampoos, soaps and pet treats, can now be found online and at
a variety of retailers, such as supermarkets, cosmetic stores, beauty salons and pet supply stores. Consumers are beginning to use hemp-based products
to treat a variety of medical conditions, including anxiety, insomnia, pain and inflammation. In aggregate, across all state medical
hemp laws in the United States, hemp is legally recognized as a form of therapy or medicine for more than 50 medical conditions. However,
even the hemp sector continues to have certain market uncertainty, particularly related to the CBD-infused food and beverage market,
as the FDA has asserted that the sale of such products violates the FFDCA. 

3 

Currently,
state legalized sales are only a fraction of the overall market for cannabis products. This legalized portion has been growing rapidly,
and in the United States, more and more states have legalized and regulated the permitted uses of cannabis products. This has also created
a new consumer base, on two fronts, both for consumers who now find alternative products for health and wellness reasons, and for those
consumers, who have embraced adult use in those states where it is legal. 

Due
to the current illegality of cannabis at the U.S. federal level and potential for criminal penalties for violations of the CSA, many
U.S. private companies in this sector have been dependent on private money or smaller funds, many institutional investors have shied
away from deploying capital on them, and, in addition, access to regular banking finance solutions is almost non-existent. In addition
to capital and improved management practices, we believe that achieving a successful business combination will also allow us to unlock
this value for both the business combination target and our shareholders. 

As
more states legalize cannabis in the United States and the industry continues to adjust to an evolving regulatory landscape, additional
opportunities in ancillary services for the cannabis industry are being created. Examples of such are business to consumer platforms,
specialized marketplaces, research and development (both for new technologies and for product development), among others. Our management
believes that by selecting the proper target business, we have the opportunity to create one of the leading cannabis companies, by combining
institutional quality practices, proper capital allocation and potentially disruptive products and services to this new and evolving
industry. 

Regulatory
Framework in the United States 

We
seek a target business in the United States that operates in the cannabis industry that is in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal
and state laws and regulations. Below is a summary of the regulatory landscape in the United States. 

Legal
status of cannabis, other than hemp 

All
but four U.S. states have legalized, to some extent, cannabis for medical purposes. Thirty-six states, the District of Columbia,
Puerto Rico and Guam have legalized some form of whole-plant cannabis cultivation, sales and use for certain medical purposes (medical
states). Seventeen of those states and the District of Columbia and Northern Mariana have also legalized cannabis for adults for non-medical purposes
(sometimes referred to as adult use). Twelve additional states have legalized low-THC/high-CBD extracts for select medical conditions
(CBD states). 

Under
U.S. federal law, however, those activities are illegal. The CSA continues to list cannabis (marijuana, but not including hemp) as a
Schedule I controlled substance i.e. , deemed to have no medical value), and accordingly, the manufacture (growth), sale or possession
of cannabis is federally illegal, even for personal medical purposes. It also remains federally illegal to advertise the sale of cannabis
or to sell or advertise the sale of paraphernalia designed or intended primarily for use with cannabis, unless the paraphernalia is traditionally
used with tobacco or authorized by federal, state or local law. Entities or persons who knowingly lease or rent a property for the purposes
of manufacturing, distributing or using any controlled substances, or merely knows that any of those activities are occurring on land
that they control, can also be found liable under the CSA. Additionally, violating the CSA is a predicate crime under U.S. anti-money laundering
laws. 

Violation
of any U.S. federal laws and regulations can result in arrest, criminal charges, forfeiture of property, significant fines and penalties,
disgorgement of profits, administrative sanctions, criminal conviction and cessation of business activities, as well as civil liabilities
arising from proceedings initiated by either the U.S. government or private citizens. The U.S. government could enforce the federal cannabis
prohibition laws even against companies complying with state law. Enforcement in the United States could slow the progress of global
legalization, which could negatively impact even cannabis businesses not operating in the U.S. or subject to any U.S. enforcement action. 

Legal
status of hemp and hemp derivatives 

Until
recently, hemp (defined by the U.S. government as Cannabis sativa L . with a THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry weight
basis) and hemp s extracts (except mature stalks, fiber produced from the stalks, oil or cake made from the seeds and any other
compound, manufacture, salt derivative, mixture or preparation of such parts) were illegal Schedule I controlled substances under the
CSA. The Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Bill authorized states to establish industrial hemp research programs.
The majority of states established programs purportedly in compliance with the 2014 Farm Bill. Many industry participants and even states
interpreted the law to include research into the commercialization of, and commercial markets for, CBD from hemp, including
products containing CBD. 

4 

In
December 2018, the U.S. government changed hemp s legal status. The 2018 Farm Bill removed hemp and extracts of hemp, including
CBD, from the CSA schedules. Accordingly, the production, sale and possession of hemp or extracts of hemp, including CBD, no longer violate
the CSA. The 2018 Farm Bill did not create a system in which individuals or businesses can grow hemp whenever and wherever they want.
There are numerous restrictions. The 2018 Farm Bill allows hemp cultivation under state plans approved by the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA or under USDA regulations in states that have legalized hemp but not implemented their own regulations. It also
allows the transfer of hemp and hemp-derived products across state lines for commercial or other purposes, even through states that
have not legalized hemp or hemp-derived products. Nonetheless, states can still prohibit hemp or limit hemp more stringently than
the federal law. 

Despite
the passage of the 2018 Farm Bill, hemp products legal status is complicated further by state and other federal law. The states
have a patchwork of different laws on hemp and its extracts, including CBD. Additionally, the FDA claims that the FFDCA significantly
limits the legality of hemp-derived CBD products. 

It
is important to note that the 2018 Farm Bill preserves the authority and jurisdiction of the FDA (pursuant to the FFDCA) to regulate
the manufacture, marketing, and sale of food, drugs, dietary supplements, and cosmetics, including products that contain CBD and other
cannabinoids. We are focusing our search on businesses in the CBD industry that are compliant with the FFDCA, including the regulations
applicable to manufacturing and marketing of certain products, including food, dietary supplements, and cosmetics. 

The
Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (the DSHEA amended the FFDCA and established a framework governing the composition,
safety, labeling, manufacturing and marketing of dietary supplements in the United States. Generally, under DSHEA, dietary ingredients
marketed in the United States prior to October 15, 1994 may be used in dietary supplements without notifying the FDA. By contrast,
 new dietary ingredients i.e ., dietary ingredients not marketed in the United States before October 15, 1994)
must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA, unless the ingredient has been present in the
food supply as an article used for food and is not chemically altered. Any new dietary ingredient notification must
provide the FDA with evidence of a history of use or other evidence of safety establishing that the use will reasonably
be expected to be safe. Per the FFDCA, any substance added to a food is subject to premarket review and approval by the FDA, unless
the substance is generally recognized, among qualified experts, as safe under the conditions of the substance s intended use (otherwise
known as GRAS ). 

While
the 2018 Farm Bill legalized hemp (including its derivatives, extracts, and isomers), the FDA has yet to issue regulations governing
hemp products. Notwithstanding the lack of regulation of hemp products by the FDA, the FDA has taken the position that neither CBD nor
THC can be added to food or marketed as a dietary supplement because CBD (and THC) are active ingredients in FDA-approved drugs
(Epidiolex and Marinol, respectively) and have been the subject of substantial clinical investigations before CBD (or THC)
were marketed as a food or dietary supplement (the Drug Exclusion Rule ). The Drug Exclusion Rule, codified in 21 U.S.C.
 321(ff) and 21 U.S.C. 331(ll), provides that an article that is an active ingredient in an FDA-approved drug, or has
been the subject of substantial clinical investigations that have been instituted and made public, cannot be added to a food or marketed
as a dietary supplement. Despite the position taken by the FDA, industry stakeholders assert there are significant arguments against
this position, including (i) that CBD and THC in their naturally occurring form are not subject to the Drug Exclusion Rule and (ii) CBD
was present in the food supply and sold in interstate commerce prior to October 15, 1994. Notably, the FDA does not impose the same
restrictions on the use of CBD ingredients in cosmetic products, and the Drug Exclusion Rule does not apply to cosmetic products. 

In
addition, the FFDCA requires a facility that manufactures, packages, and/or labels food and dietary supplements must also establish and
follow current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMPs in compliance with 21 CFR Part 111 (for dietary supplements) and Part
117 (for food). These cGMP requirements and other applicable FFDCA requirements include FDA facility registration, quality control, quality
assurance, maintenance of records and documentation, serious adverse event recording and reporting, and compliant packaging and labeling,
including absence of drug claims, among other items. The Company will only pursue a target that complies with the foregoing requirements. 

5 

To
date the FDA has confined its enforcement efforts to issuing warning letters to companies marketing CBD products with disease claims.
Any product marketed with claims suggesting that a product is intended to treat, cure, or prevent diseases and ailments will be considered
a drug, requiring approval by the FDA for its intended use through one of the drug approval pathways. The definition of
 drug under the FFDCA includes, in relevant part, articles intended for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment,
or prevention of disease in man or other animals as well as articles intended for use as a component of a drug as defined
in the other sections of the definition. In determining intended use, the FDA has traditionally looked beyond a
product s label, including statements made on websites, on social media, or orally by the company s representatives. The
Company will not pursue a target that markets any products with drug claims. 

The
FDA possesses significant post-market authority to monitor regulated products that have entered interstate commerce to ensure the
product continues to adhere to the FFDCA. Enforcement for noncompliance under the FFDCA may be criminal or civil in nature and can include
those who aid and abet a violation, or conspire to violate, the FFDCA. Civil remedies under the FFDCA include civil money penalties,
injunctions, and seizures. The FDA also has a number of administrative remedies e.g ., warning letters, recalls, import alerts,
and debarment). With respect to CBD products, as noted above, the FDA so far has limited its enforcement to sending cease-and- desist
letters to companies selling CBD products and making egregious, over-the-line claims, such as cures cancer, 
 treats Alzheimer s Disease and treats chronic pain. The FDA s additional guidance on CBD, titled,
 Cannabidiol Enforcement Policy; Draft Guidance for Industry, which the FDA has described as a risk-based enforcement
policy to prioritize enforcement decisions, was submitted to the White House on July 22, 2020. FDA has since withdrawn its
draft guidance. It has not yet indicated whether or when a new guidance document will be submitted. 

Although
criminal prosecutions of cannabis violations are rare under the FFDCA, the FFDCA also subjects individuals to criminal penalties, including
fines and imprisonment, for violating certain provisions of the FFDCA. Criminal violations are generally treated as misdemeanors, meaning
they are punishable by a fine or imprisonment of a year or less. FFDCA violations may constitute a felony if the violation is a second
offense done with the intent to defraud or mislead. (21 U.S.C. 333(a)(2).) For a defendant to act with an intent
to defraud or mislead, the defendant must intend not only to mislead the product s ultimate consumer but also the state
and federal government regulatory enforcement agencies. The FFDCA provides for a 1,000 fine, imprisonment of up to one year, or both
for simple violations and fines of up to 10,000, imprisonment for up to three years, or both, for subsequent convictions or convictions
demonstrating intent to defraud or mislead. For misdemeanors not resulting in death, the current maximum fine for an individual is 100,000,
while for misdemeanors resulting in death or for FFDCA felonies, the current maximum fine for an individual is 250,000. For organizations,
the current maximum fine is 200,000, and for misdemeanors resulting in death or for FFDCA felonies, the current maximum fine is 500,000. 

In
addition to the FFDCA, any target s advertising will be subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission FTC pursuant to the Federal Trade Commission Act. In recent years, the FTC has initiated numerous investigations of dietary and nutritional
supplement makers (and their products) based on allegedly deceptive or misleading claims. On December 17, 2020, FTC announced enforcement
proceedings against companies making deceptive claims related to CBD products. The six companies targeted by the FTC entered into settlement
agreements, and five of the companies paid a fine to FTC. More recently, on May 17, 2021, the FTC announced its latest law enforcement
action against a CBD company that marketed their CBD products with false and/or unsubstantiated claims. 

The
Cannabis Industry Opportunity 

Considering
the current state of the cannabis industry, we believe that the opportunity is not only driven by a changing regulatory landscape and
lack of traditional capital sources, but also by strong sector fundamentals that will allow us to achieve a business combination with
accretive value for our shareholders. 

6 

Attractive
Fundamentals: 

The
cannabis industry s current size and growth is surprising considering the inefficiencies that have plagued this market. Potential
future favorable changes in the regulatory environment (not limited to potential federal regulation), may accelerate this growth. The
industry, in its current state, has achieved significant magnitude as shown by the following data Source: BDS Analytics ): 

The global
 cannabis market, consisting of (i) state legalized cannabis sales in the U.S. (notwithstanding cannabis status as a Schedule
 I controlled substance) and (ii) nationally legalized cannabis sales outside the U.S., saw approximately 45 growth across the board
 in 2020, with current global forecasts as follows: 

Sales
 exceeded 21 billion in 2020 

Sales
 forecast exceeds 55 billion by 2026 

Growth
 of global sales from 2019 to 2020 represents an increase of 48 over 2019 sales of 14.4 billion. 

Expected
 global growth from 2020 to 2026 represents a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of more than 17 , roughly 6 billion annually. 

Aggregate
 sales in U.S. states where cannabis sales have been legalized accounted for approximately 84 of total global sales in 2020. 

Five state
 markets made up 56 of that total (Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada and Oregon). 

Over the
 next couple of years, it is expected that California, New York, New Jersey, Florida, Ohio, Maryland, Nevada, Massachusetts, Missouri
 and Arizona will have the highest contribution to growth to bring the U.S. from a 17.6 billion dollar legal system to 41.2 billion
 in 2026. 

Fragmented
market: 

The cannabis
 industry is still a highly fragmented industry, the majority of companies are still single state operators. 

The top
 three Multi-State Operators (MSO s) in the cannabis industry currently represent less than 10 of the industry (measured
 by sales), with no single company having more than 5 of market participation. 

Capital
provider s market: 

Access
 to regular sources of capital has been limited or unavailable to this date, the growth of the companies in this industry is clearly
 outpacing their available capital to continue growth at its current pace. 

Most of
 the legacy owners or those that participated in the initial wave of the industry, have been surpassed
 by their own growth, access to efficient capital sources will also provide them with much needed professional management, standardized
 processes, M A advisory and strategic planning. 

In addition
 to all of the above, the potential of eventual federal regulation, as it pertains to the capital markets and banking may boost this
 opportunity. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete one or more business combinations with a target operating in the cannabis industry that
is compliant with all applicable laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which it is located or operates. We are seeking companies
that we believe can efficiently deploy new capital while benefiting from our industry know-how and management team. The goal of
our business combination is to achieve revenue growth and to increase profitability. These objectives can be achieved both through acquisitions
and/or through organic growth. We are looking for targets that can benefit from one or more of the following: investment in research 
development, new technologies and/or additional infrastructure, in order to achieve a dominant position in their market and/or entry
in new ones. 

7 

While
we may pursue a business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, we are focusing our search for businesses
in the cannabis industry that are compliant with all applicable laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which they are located
or operate, and, in particular, we will not invest in, or consummate a business combination with, a target business that we determine
has been operating, or whose business plan is to operate, in violation of U.S. federal laws, including the CSA. 

While
evaluating any business combination, our team believes that the stage of the market should be considered, whether it s a new, transitioning,
or a mature market. 

Companies
 in new and transitioning markets will have a first mover advantage, with significant revenue potential and profit margins. As inexperienced
 competition enters these markets, supply increases with the resulting sales erosion. If the cyclical nature of the new market strategy
 is understood and proper practices are applied, our team believes that there is opportunity to capture significant revenues while
 building a sustainable and established business. 

Companies
 in mature markets experience less volatility and more market/price stability. This stability allows for a traditional approach in
 managing the business, market growth, operations forecasting sales. 

Entering
 either a new market or a mature market both have a positive and negative effect, with mature markets typically offering better stability
 but less growth potential. 

Business
Combination Criteria 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. While we utilize
these criteria in evaluating business combination opportunities, we expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision
to pursue a particular opportunity. 

U.S. Cannabis
 Companies. We seek to acquire one or more private companies domiciled in the United States primarily
 focused on the cannabis sector. 

Company
 Size. We seek to acquire one or more businesses with an enterprise value of 200 million or more, determined
 in the sole discretion of our officers and directors according to reasonable accepted valuation standards and methodologies. We believe
 this segment provides the most synergistic opportunities for investment and where we believe we have the strongest network and data
 to identify opportunities. 

Emerging
 Growth Stories. We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have (i) a history of, or potential
 for, outpacing their peers in terms of earnings and industry performance, (ii) a good growth market, (iii) a record of
 strong growth in sales and (iv) a large target addressable market. 

Growth
 opportunities through capital investment. We are seeking candidates who will benefit from additional capital
 investment through a business combination with a public vehicle. 

Clear
 competitive advantages. We seek candidates that will benefit not only from the strong fundamentals of the
 industry, but also that have differentiating elements from its competitors. 

Strong
 revenue growth and or proven brands. We are seeking candidates who have strong revenue growth stories and
 or proven brands. We seek to partner with potential target s management team and expect that the operating and financial abilities
 of our management and board will help potential target company to unlock opportunities for future growth and enhanced profitability. 

8 

Opportunities
 for Add-On Acquisitions. We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses that we can grow both organically
 and through acquisitions. In addition, we believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute such transactions
 will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions. 

Benefit
 from Being a Public Company. We are pursuing a business combination with a company that we believe will benefit
 from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with
 being a publicly traded company. 

Focus
 on Risk-Adjusted Return. We intend to acquire one or more companies that we believe can offer attractive
 risk-adjusted return on investments for our stockholders. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. 

In
the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of the above
criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business meets some but not all of the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that
we would file with the SEC. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of
the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors
will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to
independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criterion. While we
consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to
Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We
will have until July 22, 2023 (24 months from the closing of our initial public offering) to consummate an initial business combination.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in
which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses,
or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the
target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we
will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For
example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. 

However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such
business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets
test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of
a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

9 

Our
Business Combination Process 

In
evaluating prospective business combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things,
a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection
of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or our officers or
directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is
a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point
of view. 

Our
officers and directors indirectly own founder shares and/or private placement units. Because of this ownership, our sponsor and our officers
and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which
to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company
prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest
in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become
involved. 

Our
Management Team 

Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they devote as much of their time
as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time that any member of our management team devotes in any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

We
believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies provide us with a substantial
number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in various industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management
team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target
management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

10 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following
an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating
management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business
can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In
a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the
target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of
Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there
are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road
show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business
combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public
company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target
businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As
such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In
other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 22, 2026,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. 

11 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our
common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual
revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th . 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available in the trust account for an initial business combination in the amount of approximately 18,276,866 as of December 31,
2022, before payment of 4,840,931 of deferred underwriting fees before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination,
we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential
growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able
to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the
flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to
fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will
be available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement
units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or
other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to
the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to
complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete
such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination
funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business
combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing.
There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination.
At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds
through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

We
originally had up to 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until July 22, 2022, to consummate an initial
business combination. However, as requested by our sponsor and as permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
on July 19, 2022, we extended the period of time to consummate a business combination by an additional three months from July 22, 2022
to October 22, 2022. In connection with the First Extension, our sponsor caused to be deposited into the trust account an aggregate of
 1,383,123 (representing 0.10 per public share). The First Extension was the first of three three-month extensions permitted under our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

12 

In
addition, at the 2022 Special Meeting held on October 19, 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from October 22, 2022 to July 22, 2023,
or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors. In connection with the Second Extension, public stockholders redeemed an
aggregate 12,204,072 public shares, and our sponsor loaned to the Company 1,383,123 0.85 per public share after redemptions), which
was deposited into the trust account. 

As
a result of the extensions, we must complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers
and investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited
by us by calls or mailings. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention
target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions
they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities
that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our
sponsor and their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that
specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event
we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. We expect to engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder
may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential
transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion
of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our
sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in
connection with a contemplated initial business combination. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per
month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses
related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into
employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or
absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination
candidate. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with
our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership
with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination
target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such
business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors
currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

13 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
we complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in
the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the
time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business
combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on
the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely
that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination,
it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant
amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated
industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted
flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our
initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into
account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 of net assets test. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
business target, we conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and
other information that is made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

14 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular
industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause
us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that
business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may
not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of
the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented
in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval
is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 

Whether 
Stockholder 
Approval Is 
Required 

Purchase of assets 

No 

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 

No 

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 

No 

Merger of the company with a target 

Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common
stock then outstanding; 

15 

any
of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively
have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the
issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public
rights in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they
engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not
disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that
such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant
to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None
of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public rights in such transactions prior to completion of our
initial business combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of rights could be to reduce the number of rights, or underlying securities,
outstanding. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise
have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock
or rights may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain
or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling
stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro-rata share of the trust account or vote against our
initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination.
Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under
the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only
be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for
manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the
Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

16 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon
Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as
of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 11.23
per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares
and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination
with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder
vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. To maintain the listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we are required to comply with such
rules. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to
purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to
comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares
so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the
tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

17 

If, however, stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares purchased during
or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business
combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have
no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares and the private placement shares, unless otherwise required under applicable law we would not need any of the public shares
sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice
of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business
combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be
at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial
business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we
will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of
our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an
aggregate of 2,074,685, or 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering. 

18 

Extension of Time to Complete Business Combination 

We originally had up to 12 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, or until July 22, 2022, to consummate an initial business combination. However, as requested
by our sponsor and as permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, on July 19, 2022, we extended the period
of time to consummate a business combination by an additional three months from July 22, 2022 to October 22, 2022. In connection with
the First Extension, our sponsor caused to be deposited into the trust account an aggregate of 1,383,123 (representing 0.10 per public
share). The First Extension was the first of three three-month extensions permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

In addition, at the 2022 Special
Meeting held on October 19, 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend
the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from October 22, 2022 to July 22, 2023, or such earlier date as
determined by our board of directors. In connection with the Second Extension, public stockholders redeemed an aggregate 12,204,072 public
shares, and our sponsor loaned to the Company 1,383,123 0.85 per public share after redemptions), which was deposited into the trust
account. 

As a result of the extensions,
we must complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if no Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we will have until July 22, 2023 to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights, which will expire
worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business
combination by July 22, 2023. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by July
22, 2023. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by the required time or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our franchise and income taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public
shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related
redemption of our public shares at such time. 

19 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the approximately 303,449 of proceeds held outside the trust account as of December 31, 2022, although we cannot assure you that
there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust
account to pay any franchise and income tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not
required to pay franchise and income taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release
to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering of units and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited
in the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 11.23 as of December 31, 2022 (before taking into account the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, if any, and up to 100,000 in dissolution
expenses). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have
higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders will not be substantially less than 11.23. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide
for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient
assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we
intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although we will have sought
and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditor), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements
or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not
limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum,
our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering will not execute agreements with
us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

20 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the
independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the
per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsor has to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other
than our independent auditor), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022 have access to up to approximately 303,449 from the proceeds of our initial public offering
with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated
to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims
and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro-rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the
event we do not complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against
the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro-rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and
any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro-rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within the specified time is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption
distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances
that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then
be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination by July 22, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as
soon as reasonably possible following our July 22, 2023 and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our
stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability
of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

21 

Because we are complying with
Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide
for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching for prospective
target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers and auditors)
or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we have sought
and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditor), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any
monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and
the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be
liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share
or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due
to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.15 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of
punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you
that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public
offering (or up to 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by July 22,
2023, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust
account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in
connection with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro-rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

22 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our
available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target
business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may
reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding rights, and the future dilution they potentially
represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have three officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they
deem necessary and intend to continue doing so to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of
time they devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend
to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common
stock and rights are registered under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that
we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports,
including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets
we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in
accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the
proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in
the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 22, 2026, (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which
means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
during the prior three-year period. 

23 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we
are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we
may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
time frame; 

our
expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we
may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have
conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we
may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting
redemption; 

we
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
price of our shares at that time; 

you
may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an
active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the
availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to our
initial business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

24 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 11.23 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 11.23 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may
 lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
 business combination; 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; 

25 

there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and 

we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 regarding the classification of redeemable common stock and timeliness, completeness and accuracy of accruals. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating account and our trust
account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed
any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions that hold our
funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these
kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon
Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in
Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions that
hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international
financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial
and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to
acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse
impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our prospects. 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in (i) our Registration Statement, (ii) our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended September 30, 2021, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed
with the SEC on November 26, 2021, May 17, 2022, August 15, 2022 and November 14, 2022, respectively,
and (iii) our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022. Any of these factors could result
in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may
also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose
additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 2520, Miami, FL 33131, and our telephone number is (305) 577-0031. The cost for our use of this
space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

26 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
Information 

Our units, public shares
and public rights are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols CLOEU, CLOE and CLOER, respectively. Our units commenced public trading
on July 20, 2021, and our public shares and public rights commenced separate public trading on September 9, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On April 14, 2023, there were
three holders of record of our units, two holders of record of our shares of Class A common stock, one holder of record of our shares
of Class B common stock and one holder of record of our public rights. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

(e) Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

For a description of the use
of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. There has been no material change in the planned
use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. Our specific investments
in our trust account may change from time to time. 

(g) Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On October 19, 2022, we held
the 2022 Special Meeting at which our stockholders approved, among other things, the Second Extension, which extended the date by which
we must consummate a business combination from October 22, 2022 to July 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board. 

In connection with the Second
Extension, stockholders holding 12,204,072 public shares exercised their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the trust
account. We paid cash in the aggregate amount of approximately 125,587,180, or approximately 10.29 per share, to redeeming stockholders
in the connection with such redemptions. 

27 

The following table contains
monthly information about the repurchases of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 (a) Total 
 number of 
 shares (or 
 units) 
 purchased 
 (b) Average price 
paid per share (or 
 unit) 
 (c) Total number 
of shares (or 
 units) purchased 
as part of 
 publicly 
 announced plans 
or programs 
 (d) Maximum 
 number (or 
 approximate dollar 
value) of shares (or 
 units) that may yet 
be purchased under 
 the plans or 
 programs 
 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 
 12,204,072 
 10.29 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used
in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend 
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual
results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our
filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are
qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in the State of Delaware for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination with one or more businesses. While
we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic location, and we are focusing our search for a target
business engaged in the cannabis industry. 

The Registration Statement
for our initial public offering was declared effective on July 19, 2021. On July 22, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering
of 13,831,230 units at 10.00 per unit, and the sale of 675,593 units, at a price of 10.00 per unit, in the private placement to our
sponsor and the representative that closed simultaneously with the initial public offering. On July 22, 2021, the underwriters partially
exercised their over-allotment option and purchased 1,331,230 of their full 1,875,000 units available and subsequently forfeited the remainder
of their option as of July 28, 2021. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds
of the initial public offering and sale of the private placement units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to
be applied generally toward consummating an initial business combination. 

28 

Transaction costs amounted
to 9,562,126, consisting of 2,766,246 of underwriting commissions, 4,840,931 of deferred underwriting commissions, 1,383,123 of fair
value of the representative shares and 571,826 of other cash offering costs. 

We originally had up to 12 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, or until July 22, 2022, to consummate an initial business combination. However, as requested
by our sponsor and as permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, on July 19, 2022, we extended the period
of time to consummate a business combination by an additional three months from July 22, 2022 to October 22, 2022. In connection with
the First Extension, our sponsor caused to be deposited into the trust account an aggregate of 1,383,123 (representing 0.10 per public
share). In addition, at the 2022 Special Meeting held on October 19, 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from October 22, 2022 to
July 22, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors. In connection with the Second Extension, public stockholders
redeemed an aggregate 12,204,072 public shares. 

As of October 19, 2022, we
caused an aggregate of 1,383,123 to be deposited into the trust account to support the Second Extension, which equates to approximately
 0.85 per remaining public share, for the period that the Company needs to complete an initial business combination, and such amount will
be distributed either to: (i) all of the holders of public shares upon the Company s liquidation or (ii) holders of public
shares who elect to have their shares redeemed in connection with the consummation of the initial business combination. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception up to December 31, 2022 relates to our formation, the initial public offering and, since the closing of the initial public offering,
a search for a business combination candidate. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our
initial business combination, at the earliest. 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 60,237, which consisted of formation and operating costs of 1,291,228 and provision for
income taxes of 185,423, offset by interest earned on investments held in trust account of 1,195,135, interest earned on cash held
in bank of 69 and recovery of previously incurred costs of 341,684. 

For the period from February
25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 we had a net loss of 834,087, which consisted of 851,777 in formation and operating costs,
offset by 47 in interest income from operating bank account and interest income of 17,643 from marketable securities held in our trust
account. 

Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had cash of 303,449 and 680,302, respectively, and working capital deficit of 2,882,521 and working capital of 418,498, respectively.
Prior to the completion of the initial public offering, our liquidity needs had been satisfied through a payment from our sponsor of 25,000
for the founder shares to cover certain offering costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from our sponsor of 300,000. 

In addition, on July 18, 2022,
we issued the First Extension Note to our sponsor in the principal amount of 1,383,123, pursuant to which our sponsor loaned us 1,383,123 0.85 per public share after redemptions) to deposit into the trust account for each public share that was not redeemed in connection
with the First Extension. At the election of our sponsor, up to 1,383,123 of the unpaid principal amount of the First Extension Note
may be converted into Conversion Units, of which the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal
amount of the First Extension Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded up to the nearest
whole number of units. 

On October 19, 2022, we issued
the Second Extension Note to our sponsor in the principal amount of 1,383,123, pursuant to which our sponsor loaned us 1,383,123 to
deposit into the trust account for each public share that was not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension. The Second Extension
Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of an initial business combination,
or (b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

29 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts
outstanding under any working capital loans. 

Until the consummation of
an initial business combination, we will be using the funds not held in the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition
candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to
acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the initial business combination. We will need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from our sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our sponsor, officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion,
to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional
capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to,
curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. 

We cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with FASB s ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern. We have until July 22, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that we will be
able to consummate an initial business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date, there
will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern, also do not include any adjustment that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty about should an initial business combination not occur. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting
policies: 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption 

All of the 13,831,230 Class
A common stock sold as part of the units in the initial public offering contain a redemption feature that allows for the redemption of
such public shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial business
combination and in connection with certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC
and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not
solely within our control require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

If it is probable that the
equity instrument will become redeemable, we have the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the
date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the
instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. We have elected to recognize the changes immediately. 

30 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss by
the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. We have two classes of shares, redeemable common
stock and non-redeemable common stock. Our redeemable common stock is comprised of shares of Class A common stock sold in the initial
public offering. Our non-redeemable shares are comprised of shares of Class B common stock purchased by our sponsor as well as shares
of Class A common stock sold as part of the private placement units and the representative shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro
rata between the two classes of shares. Our statements of operations applies the two-class method in calculating net income (loss) per
share. Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share for redeemable common stock and non-redeemable common stock is calculated
by dividing net income (loss), allocated proportionally to each class of common stock, attributable to us by the weighted average number
of shares of redeemable and non-redeemable stock outstanding. 

The calculation of diluted
income (loss) per share of common stock does not consider the effect of the rights issued in connection with the initial public offering
since exercise of the rights is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such rights would be anti-dilutive.
Accretion of the carrying value of Class A common stock to redemption value is excluded from net income (loss) per redeemable share because
the redemption value approximates fair value. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share
for the periods presented. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of
our sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement units and securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and extension loans will have
registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of its securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement.
These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities
for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their
securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriters may not exercise their
demand and piggyback registration rights after five and seven years, respectively, after the effective date of the Registration
Statement and may not exercise their demand rights on more than one occasion. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters had a 30-day
option to purchase up to 1,875,000 additional units to cover any over-allotments, if any, at the initial public offering price less the
underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 22, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option and purchased
an additional 1,331,230 units and forfeited the remainder of their over-allotment option as of July 28, 2021. 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering held in the trust account upon the completion
of the initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

31 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under
current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative
scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024
and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We are reviewing
what impact, if any, adoption will have on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

JOBS Act 

The JOBS Act contains provisions
that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth
company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date
for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result,
we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging
growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until
we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences
and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully
predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact
our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-19 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

32 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end
of the period covered by this Report, due to: 

(i) the restatement of our July 22, 2021 balance sheet included in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on July 28, 2021 in connection with our initial public offering, regarding the classification of redeemable common stock, as described
below which constitutes a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting for complex financial instruments, and 

(ii) material weaknesses in internal controls related to timeliness, completeness and accuracy of accruals,
identified as of September 30, 2022. 

(iii) 
 material weakness in internal controls related accuracy of the provision for franchise and income taxes, identified as of December 31, 2022. 

In light of this material
weakness, we performed additional analysis and procedures to support GAAP compliance in the preparation of our financial statements. We
believe our efforts will enhance our controls relating to accounting for complex financial instruments and internal controls related to
timeliness, completeness and accuracy of accruals, but we can offer no assurance that our controls will not require additional review
and modification in the future as industry accounting practice may evolve over time. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

33 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to incorrect classification of classification of redeemable common stock and timeliness,
completeness and accuracy of accruals and accuracy of provision for franchise and income taxes. 

Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for complex transaction instruments, internal controls related to timeliness, completeness and accuracy of accruals, and
related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of
third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the
requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as discussed above,
there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

34 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Felipe
 MacLean 
 
 39 
 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
 Officer 
 
 Luis
 A. Guerra 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Markus
 Puusepp 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Secretary 
 
 Per
 Bjorkman 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Marcos
 Angelini 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Ambassador
 Manuel Rocha 
 
 72 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Felipe MacLean , our
President and CEO since inception and our Chairman of the Board since April 2021, is a successful self-made entrepreneur with over
15 years of experience capitalizing on complex, high-yield transactions in various industries across the globe. Mr. MacLean
applied his financial and operational expertise in building vertically integrated businesses in the agriculture, seafood, and edible
oil sectors. Since [_], he has been a founder and CEO of Yntegra Group, a family office and multi-service provider that specializes
in high yield transactions that has managed over 1 billion in commodities trading activity and placement of over 100 million
in private equity investments. In 2017, Mr. MacLean started his venture in the cannabis industry founding Solace Holdings and leading
an investment of over 50 million. Solace Holdings is today one of the most renowned cultivation, extraction and manufacturing facilities
in the Nevada market, with leading product categories on its portfolio and doubling sales year over year. Mr. MacLean s involvement
was crucial to the success of Solace Holdings, supported by his clear understanding of the cannabis industry opportunities and challenges.
We believe Mr. MacLean is well qualified to serve as our Chairman and CEO due to his extensive knowledge in the cannabis industry.
As an early investor in the field, he has lived through the multiple regulatory cycles and growth facets of this developing industry.
His experience has proven instrumental in creating a successful large-scale profitable cannabis operation. 

Luis A. Guerra , our
CFO and Treasurer since April 2021, was one of the founders of Bulltick Capital Markets, a regional investment bank in the US, Europe
and Latin America that became one of the top 10 brokers and trading firms with the highest volume traded in Latin America ADRs (American
Depositary Receipts) on the NYSE. He was a co-managing partner of the firm and member of its Management Committee, directly responsible
for all securities brokerage, electronic trading, and capital markets operations, from March 2000 to February 2011. He grew the firm s
brokerage and trading operations from a start-up to one of the largest regional investment banks in Latin America. Since November
2018, Mr. Guerra has served as co-founder and Managing Director of Vitax Partners, a private investment vehicle with a focus
on private equity and structured finance. Since December 2019, he has also served as part of the Advisory Board of Welz, a European based
private equity real estate Investment Manager, where he advises on their investment portfolio. He is a seasoned capital markets professional
who brings experienced and structured financial reporting. We believe Mr. Guerra is well qualified to serve as our CFO due to his
capital markets and financial background, ample experience dealing with regulated entities both in the US and internationally, and knowledge
as a former senior executive at an investment bank and asset management business. 

Markus Puusepp , our
COO and Secretary since July 2022, has been employed as Chief Strategy Officer of SHL Medical AG SHL since 2017. SHL is
a global solution provider in the design, development and manufacturing of advanced drug delivery systems. Mr. Puusepp previously spent
over seven years in Hong Kong and Beijing within the private equity and medtech industries. Prior to that, he worked in investment banking
in Sweden, as well as management consulting. Additionally, Mr. Puusepp has held several directorships, including as a board member for
Spowdi since October 2020, a non-executive board member of QulO since October 2018, a board member of Pharmaero ApS since February 2018
and as a Chairman of Innovation Zed since February 2018. He received his Masters in Business Administration from Stockholm University
in 2008. We believe Mr. Puusepp is well qualified to serve as our COO due to his experience, integrity, and track records across
multiple industries. 

35 

Per Bjorkman has served
as one of our independent directors since July 2021. Since August 2020, he has served as Director of Business Development at SHL Healthcare,
one of the world s leading contract manufacturers and suppliers of MedTech solutions for home, hospital and long-term care
use. As a customer-centric company, SHL offers a range of services, robust manufacturing capabilities and dedicated project management
teams to best translate customer specifications into quality products. Prior to this role, he served as Managing Director of SHL Technologies
 Group Ventures from January 2014 to December 2019. Mr. Bjorkman is a seasoned expert in the cannabis and healthcare industry.
From October 2017 to July 2020, he served as Co-CEO of Solace Holdings in Nevada, a cGMP certified, vertically integrated THC and
CBD cannabis company, focusing on the cultivation and manufacturing of leading cannabis consumer branded goods. Mr. Bjorkman holds
a bachelor s degree in Business Administration from the European University and was part of the Leadership and Strategic Execution
Program at INSEAD in France. We believe Mr. Bjorkman is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive knowledge in
the mainstream medical and pharmaceutical industry, and its potential application to the cannabis field, in addition to having managed
a successful cannabis growing and production facility in the US. 

Marcos Angelini has
served as one of our independent directors since July 2021. He has served as the President of Red Bull Latin America since April 2017.
Since August 2020, he has been an equity investor and a member of the advisory board to YVY Brazil. Prior to these roles, from May 2016
to February 2017, Mr. Angelini was the CEO of Facebook in Brazil, where he oversaw the media giant s operations in the largest
country in Latin America. Mr. Angelini has 24 years of international experience in marketing, innovation, media, advertising and
general management. From January 1996 to March 2016, he worked at Unilever, initially in marketing, rising to Brand VP and later Vice
President for Latin America. At Unilever, he had responsibility for numerous products for global client subsidiaries throughout the world.
He was recognized by Meio Mensagem as one of the top 10 Marketing Executives of 2015 and as one of the top 10 Media Executives
of Brazil in 2016. Mr. Angelini received his MBA from the University of Durham and completed a Business Executive Program at Stanford
University. We believe Mr. Angelini is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience working as a senior
executive with internationally recognized brands such as Redbull and Facebook, and his ample consumer brands knowledge as a senior level
global marketing manager at Unilever. 

Ambassador Manuel Rocha
 has served as one of our independent directors since July 2021. Before moving to Miami in 2002, he spent well over two decades as
a US diplomat. His last post was as US Ambassador to Bolivia from July 2000 to August 2002. His Foreign Service career included assignments
in the Dominican Republic, Italy, Honduras, Argentina and Cuba. Importantly, he was also Director of Inter-American Affairs in the
National Security Council at the White House. Making the transition to the private sector, he worked for two law firms, established his
own business development company bringing business opportunities from China to the Western Hemisphere, worked for a private equity firm
based in Argentina, and headed Corporate Affairs for Arcos Dorados, which owns most of the McDonald s restaurants in Latin America.
He also served as President of BARRICK Gold s subsidiary in the Dominican Republic from September 2012 to April 2018, which represented
the largest foreign direct investment in the country exceeding 5 billion dollars. Since May 2018, he has served as the SVP for Global
Corporate Affairs for XCOAL, one of the largest exporters of US origin coals for use in integrated steel mills, cement plants, and power
plants throughout the world. He graduated cum laude from Yale University, earned a master s degree in Public Administration from
Harvard University and a Master s in International Relations from Georgetown University. We believe Mr. Rocha
is well qualified to serve as a director due to his ample resources and network as a senior level, former State Department official,
in addition to his experience running a large multinational operation. He is an expert negotiator who provides valuable input in a highly
regulated industry like cannabis. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We have four directors. Our
board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Manuel Rocha and Marcos Angelini, will expire
at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Felipe MacLean and Per
Bjorkman, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. 

36 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board
of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that
our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary,
Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship that, in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Angelini, Bjorkman and Ambassador Rocha are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq
rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

Marcos Angelini, Manuel Rocha
and Per Bjorkman serve as members of our audit committee, and Marcos Angelini chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards
and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each
of Marcos Angelini, Manuel Rocha, and Per Bjorkman meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1)
of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Marcos Angelini qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged
by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies
 for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required
 by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies
 for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered
 public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps
 taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us
 to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

37 

reviewing and approving
 any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior
 to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management,
 the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters,
 including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
 issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

Per Bjorkman, Marcos Angelini
and Manuel Rocha serve as the members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we
are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Per Bjorkman, Marcos Angelini
and Manuel Rocha are independent, and Per Bjorkman chairs the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officers compensation, if any is paid
 by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual
 basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
 our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in
 complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and
 recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar
fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any
services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior
to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation
of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

38 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees, which was filed, along with our audit and compensation committee charters,
as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site
at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend
to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Other than disclosed herein,
none of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on July 19, 2021, we have agreed to pay
an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon
the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation
of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid
by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services
rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf,
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments
prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review
of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and
executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business
combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid
to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we
do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be
a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our
officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April [_], 2023 based on information obtained from the persons
named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership common stock, by: 

each person known by us
 to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers
 and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers
 and directors as a group. 

39 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 5,898,870 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of April 11, 2023, consisting of (i) 2,441,063 shares
of our Class A common stock and (ii) 3,457,807 shares of our Class B common stock. On all matters to be voted upon, holders of the shares
of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement rights as these rights are
not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Yntegra Capital Investments, LLC(2) 
 571,859 
 23.4 
 3,457,807 
 100.0 
 68.3 
 
 Felipe MacLean (2) 
 571,859 
 23.4 
 3,457,807 
 100.0 
 68.3 
 
 Luis A. Guerra(3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Markus Puusepp 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Per Bjorkman(3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Marcos Angelini(3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ambassador Manuel Rocha(3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group 
 571,859 
 23.4 
 3,457,807 
 100.0 
 68.3 
 
 Other 5 holders 

Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.(4) 
 816,476 
 33.4 
 - 
 - 
 13.8 
 
 Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P.(5) 
 323,924 
 13.3 
 - 
 - 
 5.5 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc.(6) 
 300,000 
 12.3 
 - 
 - 
 5.1 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business
 address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Yntegra Capital Investments,
 LLC, 1450 Brickell Avenue, Suite 2520, Miami, FL 33131. 

(2) Represents shares held by Yntegra Capital
 Investments, LLC, our sponsor. Felipe MacLean, our Chief Executive Officer, is the sole manager
 of our sponsor and as such, may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the common stock
 held directly by our sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the
 reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein,
 directly or indirectly. 

(3) Does not include any shares held by
 our sponsor. This individual is a member of our sponsor but does not have voting or dispositive
 control over the shares held by our sponsor. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G filed with
 the SEC on February 14, 2022, the listed shares are directly held by Mizuho Securities USA
 LLC Mizuho USA ). Mizuho USA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mizuho Financial
 Group, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd. and Mizuho Americas LLC (collectively, the Mizuho Entities ),
 and such, the Mizuho Entities may be deemed to be indirect beneficial owners such shares.
 The business address of Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. is 1 5 5, Otemachi, Chiyoda ku,
 Tokyo 100 8176, Japan. 

(5) According to a Schedule 13G filed with
 the SEC on February 9, 2023, Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. OCAM is the
 investment manager of a certain fund and a sub-advisor to a certain sub-account (the Owl
 Creek Fund and Account with respect to the listed shares owned by the Owl Creek Fund
 and Account. Jeffrey A. Altman is managing member of the general partner of OCAM. The business
 address of OCAM and Mr. Altman is 640 Fifth Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10019. 

(6) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed
 with the SEC on February 13, 2023, the listed shares are directly held by Polar Multi-Strategy
 Master Fund PMSMF ). Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. Polar serves as the investment advisor to PMSFM with respect to such shares. The business address
 of Polar is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

40 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On March 4, 2021, we
issued an aggregate of 3,593,750 founder shares to our sponsor (135,942 of which were forfeited by our sponsor because the underwriters 
over-allotment option was not exercised in full) for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash. The number of founder shares
issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion
of our initial public offering (excluding shares included in the private placement units or the shares of Class A common stock issuable
to the representative). The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

On April 8, 2021, our sponsor
transferred a membership interest in our sponsor to each of our three officers and our three independent directors, representing an aggregate
75,000 founder shares. The interest of each officer and director relates solely to the number of founder shares laid out in their respective
agreements. The transferred shares will vest upon the Company consummating an initial business combination (the Vesting Date ).
If prior to the Vesting Date, any of the grantees ceases to remain in their role, either voluntarily or for a cause, (a Separation
Event ), 100 of the shares granted will be automatically and immediately transferred back to our sponsor upon such Separation
Event. 

Our sponsor purchased an
aggregate of 571,859 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, for an aggregate purchase price of 5,718,590. The private
placement units (including the underlying securities) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold
by it until after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which
he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Commencing July 19, 2021,
we have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Prior to the closing of our
initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the offering. These
loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of our initial public
offering. 173,500 had been advanced on June 30, 2021. The loan was to be repaid upon the closing of our initial public offering out
of the offering proceeds. As of December 31, 2021, 0 was outstanding under such loan. The value of our sponsor s interest in this
transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan. 

In connection with the First
Extension, on July 18, 2022, we issued the First Extension Note to our sponsor in the principal amount of 1,383,123, pursuant to which
our sponsor loaned to us 1,383,123 to be deposited into the trust account. The First Extension Note bears no interest and is due and
payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which our initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of
the Company. At the election of our sponsor, up to 1,383,123 of the unpaid principal amount of the First Extension Note may be converted
into units of the Company (the Conversion Units ). The total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion
of the principal amount of the First Extension Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars 10.00), rounded
up to the nearest whole number of units. 

41 

In connection with the Second
Extension, on October 19, 2022, we issued the Second Extension Note to our sponsor in the principal amount of 1,383,123, pursuant to
which our sponsor loaned to us 1,383,123 to be deposited into the trust account. The Second Extension Note bears no interest and is
repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or (b) the date of the liquidation
of the Company. 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or
certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units at
a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the holders being issued units to purchase 150,000 units if 1,500,000
of notes were so converted), at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units. The terms of
such working capital loans by our sponsor or its affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek
access to funds in our trust account. 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on
our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and
determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that are to be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination,
as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the private placement units, the securities issuable upon conversion of working capital loans and extension
loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise or conversion or exercise of the foregoing and upon
conversion of the founder shares. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship that, in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Marcos Angelini, Per Bjorkman and Manuel Rocha are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

42 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled
approximately 115,360 and 31,930, respectively. The aggregate fees of Marcum related to audit services in connection with our initial
public offering totaled approximately 49,955. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at
audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

We paid Marcum 8,755 and 0,
respectively, for tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay Marcum for
any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

43 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

PAGE 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number 688 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-19 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedule 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented
in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on
the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

44 

CLOVER LEAF CAPITAL CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-19 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Clover Leaf Capital Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Clover Leaf Capital Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company s ability to execute its business plan is dependent upon the consummation of a business combination and it lacks the financial
resources it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of
the financial statements. Further, if the Company does not complete a business combination by July 22, 2023, or obtain approval for an
extension of this deadline, it will be required to cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 14, 202 3 

F- 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

CLOVER LEAF CAPITAL CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses current portion 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses long term portion 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

Accrued costs and expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred income tax 

Promissory note to Related Party 

Due to related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 7) 

Redeemable Common Stock: 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and Class A common stock shares at redemption value of and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 1,627,158 and 13,831,230 shares subject to possible redemption share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

CLOVER LEAF CAPITAL CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year 
Ended 
December 31, 

For the 
Period from 
February 25, 2021 
(Inception) Through 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income: 

Recovery of previously incurred costs 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on cash held in bank 

Total other income 

Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Basic and diluted weighted average of Class A common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock 

() 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average Class B common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

CLOVER LEAF CAPITAL CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR
THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 25, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A 
Common Stock 
 Class B 
Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of February 25, 2021 (Inception) 

Class B common stock issued to initial stockholder 

Sales of private placement units through the exercise of the over-allotment 

Sale of private placement units 

Representative shares 

Forfeiture of shares due to over-allotment not exercised in full 

Proceeds allocated to equity rights 

Issuance costs allocated to equity rights 

Class A share remeasurement to redemption value, net of allocation of rights proceeds and offering costs 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

CLOVER LEAF CAPITAL CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year 
Ended 
December 31, 

For the Period 
From 
February 25, 
2021 
(Inception) 
Through 
December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating
activities: 

Formation cost paid by Sponsor 

Interest earned on investments in Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Amortization of prepaid expenses 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued costs and expenses 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 
 
 Due to related party 

() 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred income tax 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Disposal of trust assets for redemptions 

Withdrawal of trust funds to pay taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) Investing Activities 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 

Proceeds from Private placement 

Proceeds from sale of founder shares to initial stockholders 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Payment of promissory note to related party 

() 
 
 Payment of deferred offering costs 

() 
 
 Payment for redemptions of shares subject to possible redemption 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net change in cash 

() 

Cash beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Initial value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Deferred underwriters commission 

Deferred offering costs paid by promissory note related party 

Forfeiture of shares due to over-allotment not exercised in full 

Fair value of representative shares issued 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

CLOVER
LEAF CAPITAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock
included in the Units being offered, the public shares at per Unit, which is discussed in Note 3 (the Initial
Public Offering ), and the sale of Units which is discussed in Note 4 (the Private Placement ), at a price
of per Unit, in a private placement to the Sponsor and Maxim Group LLC Maxim ), the representative of the underwriters,
that closed simultaneously with the IPO. On July 22, 2021 the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option and purchased
 of their full units available and subsequently forfeited the remainder of their option as of July 28, 2021. The Company s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and sale of the Private Placement
Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, 
of fair value of the representative shares and of other cash offering costs. 

of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes
payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However,
the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds sold in the IPO, including the proceeds
of the sale of the Private Placement Units, will be held in a Trust Account Trust Account and will be invested only in
U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account that may be released to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes, if any, the funds held
in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest to occur of: (1) the completion of an initial Business
Combination; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 
of the public shares if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or
up to 21 months if the Company extends the period of time to consummate an initial Business Combination) or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (3) the redemption of the public shares
if the Company has not completed an initial Business Combination within 12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months if
the Company extends the period of time to consummate an initial Business Combination), subject to applicable law. 

F- 7 

upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval,
a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

(the Extension
Payment to the Sponsor in connection with the extension of the Combination Period from July 22, 2022 to October 22, 2022. 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock issued in the Company s Initial Public Offering exercised
their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the Company s Trust Account. As a result, approximately
 (approximately per share) was removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining
stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

of the public shares if the Company does not complete
the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (3) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company
fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time. 

F- 8 

The Company has not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company and, therefore, the Sponsor may not be able to satisfy
those obligations. The Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

and in cash, respectively, and working capital deficit of (net of Delaware Franchise and income taxes)
and working capital of , respectively. 

(see
Note 5) for the Founder Shares to cover certain offering costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of (see
Note 5). 

F- 9 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

F- 10 

and in cash, respectively, and no cash equivalents. 

and in investments held in the Trust Account, respectively. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

and were charged to permanent and temporary equity, ratably with the redeemable
and non-redeemable shares they are allocated to, upon the completion of the IPO. 

F- 11 

Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature
which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote
or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which
has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject
to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Class A common stock was issued with other freestanding instruments
(i.e., equity rights), the initial carrying value of Class A common stock classified as temporary equity is the allocated proceeds based
on the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 470-20, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options. 

F- 12 

Proceeds allocated to equity rights 

() 
 
 Less: 

Issuance costs related to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

() 
 
 Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Contingently redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption (December 31, 2021) 

Less: 

Redemptions of Class A common stock 

() 
 
 Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Contingently redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption (December 31, 2022) 

Denominator: 

Weighted Average Class A common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and Diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A common stock

Non-redeemable common stock 

Numerator: 

Net income (loss) allocable to Class B common stock 

Denominator: 

Weighted Average non-redeemable common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, common stock

F- 13 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of . This included units due to a partial over-allotment exercised by the underwriters. The underwriters forfeited
their remaining over-allotment option on July 28, 2021. 

. An additional fee of was deferred and will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business
Combination. 

Private Placement Units at a price
of per Unit in the aggregate) and the representative purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Units at
a price of per Unit in the aggregate) in a private placement. Each Private Placement Unit is identical to the Units
offered in the IPO except as described below. 

F- 14 

in consideration for shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares ).
The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the Founder Shares would represent of the outstanding
shares after the IPO (excluding shares included in the private placement units or the shares of Class A common stock issuable to Maxim).
Up to of the Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
is exercised. On July 22, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option and purchased an additional 
of their full option. The underwriters forfeited the remainder of their over-allotment option as of July 28, 2021, resulting
in aggregate Founders Shares outstanding of . 

Founder Shares. The Interest relates solely to the number of Founder Shares laid out in their respective
agreements. The transferred shares shall vest upon the Company consummating an initial Business Combination (the Vesting Date ).
If prior to the Vesting Date, any of the grantees ceases to remain in their role, either voluntarily or for a cause, (a Separation
Event ), of the shares granted will be automatically and immediately transferred back to the Sponsor upon such Separation
Event. Since the stock grants to both directors and to the officers contain the performance condition of consummating a Business Combination,
the Company has determined the appropriate accounting treatment is to defer recognition of the compensation costs until the consummation
of an initial Business Combination in accordance with ASC Topic 718 Compensation Stock Compensation . 

Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the
Company s initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares (the lock-up ). 

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering,
under a promissory note. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of September 30, 2021, or the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. These loans were repaid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering out of the offering proceeds
that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there is no amount outstanding under the
promissory note. 

to the Sponsor
in connection with the Company s extension of the date by which the Company has to complete its initial Business Combination from
July 22, 2022 to October 22, 2022. The July Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on
which the Company s initial Business Combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before October 22,
2022 or such liquidation date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders. At the election of the Sponsor, up to 
of the unpaid principal amount of the July Note may be converted into units of the Company (the Conversion Units with
the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the July Note being converted divided
by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars ), rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. The conversion feature included
in the July Note is closely related to the debt instrument itself and is not bifurcated from the host instrument. 

to the
Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor loaned to the Company to deposit into the Company s Trust Account for each share
of the Company s Class A common stock that was not redeemed in connection with the Extension. The October Note bears no interest
and is repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, or
(b) the date of the liquidation of the Company. 

and outstanding under the July Note and October Notes, respectively. 

F- 15 

The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units issued to the Sponsor. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

per month. The administrative support agreement began on the day
the Company first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market and continue monthly until the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination or liquidation of the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred in administrative support
fees which is included in formation and operating costs in the accompanying statements of operations. For the period from February 25,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in administrative support fees. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were and outstanding, respectively, which is included on the accompanying balance sheets as due to related
party . 

additional Units to cover any over-allotments, if any,
at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 22, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment
option and purchased an additional units and forfeited the remainder of their over-allotment option as of July 28, 2021. 

(less amounts previously paid). 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account
upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

shares of common stock (or shares if the underwriter s over-allotment
option is exercised in full) upon the consummation of the IPO. On July 22, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment
option, resulting in an aggregate issuance of representative shares. These shares were valued at a price of which was
the sale price of the units sold in the IPO. Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of
the Company s initial Business Combination. In addition, Maxim has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such
shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within
12 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO if the period of time to consummate a Business
Combination is extended, as described herein). 

F- 16 

of the economics; or, in the case of a three-handed deal of the economics, for any and all future public and private
equity, convertible and debt offerings for the Company or any of its successors or subsidiaries. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(E)(i),
such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the effective date of the registration statement
of the IPO. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of 
per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there
were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding and shares of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, so that the
Founder Shares represent, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public
Offering. 

Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other
agreements of the Company s initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. 

of the sum
of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering (excluding shares included
in the private placement units or the shares of Class A common stock issuable to Maxim) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination. 

F- 17 

Organizational costs/Start-up costs 

Total deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liability 

Unrealized gain/loss 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset (liability), net of allowance 

Deferred 

() 

() 
 
 State 

Current 

Deferred 

() 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively,
and will be carried forward indefinitely and are available to offset future taxable income in the respective tax jurisdictions. 

. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

F- 18 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Prior year true-up 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

F- 19 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and the representative. (4) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (4) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (7) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws.
(1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Rights
Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as rights agent. (4) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
Unit Certificate. (3) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate. (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description
of Registered Securities. (5) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory
Note, dated March 4, 2021, issued to our sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities
Subscription Agreement, dated March 4, 2021, between the Company and our sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, and our sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental, as trustee. (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Registration
Rights Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Maxim
Unit Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and the representative. (4) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Sponsor
Unit Purchase Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and our sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Yntegra Capital Management, LLC. (4) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated July 18, 2022, issued to our sponsor. (6) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 19, 2022, issued to our sponsor. (7) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline
 XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-255111), filed with the SEC on April 7, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-255111), filed with the SEC on June 7, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-255111), filed with the SEC on July 12, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 23, 2021. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Annual Report Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022. 

(7) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 24, 2022. 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

April 14, 2023 
 Clover
 Leaf Capital Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 Felipe MacLean 

Name: 
 Felipe
 MacLean 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Felipe MacLean 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Felipe
 MacLean 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Luis A. Guerra 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Luis
 A. Guerra 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Per Bjorkman 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Per
 Bjorkman 

/s/
 Marcos Angelini 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Marcos
 Angelini 

/s/
 Ambassador Manuel Rocha 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Ambassador
 Manuel Rocha 

46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_cloverleaf.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Felipe MacLean, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Clover Leaf Capital Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Felipe MacLean 

Felipe MacLean 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_cloverleaf.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Luis A. Guerra, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Clover Leaf Capital Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Luis A. Guerra 

Luis A. Guerra 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_cloverleaf.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Clover Leaf Capital Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Felipe MacLean, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Felipe MacLean 

Felipe MacLean 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_cloverleaf.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Clover Leaf Capital Corp. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Luis A. Guerra, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Luis A. Guerra 

Luis A. Guerra 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cloe-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cloe-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cloe-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cloe-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cloe-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

