<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1402328_0001683168-23-002128.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4736088</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>159241</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>934835</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1425587</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>972920</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1123467</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002128.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403192058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002128
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunshine Biopharma, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001402328
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				205566275
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41282
		FILM NUMBER:		23794540

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6500 TRANS-CANADA HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			POINTE-CLAIRE
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H9R 0A5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		514-426-6161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6500 TRANS-CANADA HIGHWAY
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			POINTE-CLAIRE
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H9R 0A5

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mountain West Business Solutions, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071030

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	mountain west business solutions,inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070607

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002128.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 sunshine_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

 for
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

,
 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 
 
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None. 

Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by
check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold on June 30, 2022 was . 

As of March
31, 2023, the Registrant had 
 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by reference: None 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page

Defined Terms 
 i 
 
 Forward Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 19 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 
 20 
 
 Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item 6. Reserved. 
 20 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 23 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 24 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 43 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 43 

PART III 
 44 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 47 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 48 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 49 

PART IV 
 50 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 50 

Signatures 

DEFINED
TERMS 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to Sunshine, the Company, we, us or
 our in this Form 10-K refer to Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The following are definitions for terms or
abbreviations used in this Form 10-K: 

Form 10-K 
 This Annual Report
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Adva-27a 
 The laboratory designation
 of the Company s chemotherapy small molecule under development 
 
 GMP 
 Good Manufacturing Practice 
 
 COVID-19 
 Novel coronavirus disease
 of 2019 
 
 DIN 
 Drug Identification Number,
 an eight-digit number issued by Health Canada authorizing the sale of a drug in Canada 
 
 EPS 
 Earnings per share 
 
 EUA 
 Emergency Use Authorization 
 
 FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards
 Board 
 
 FDA 
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
 
 FTC 
 Federal Trade Commission 
 
 GAAP 
 Generally Accepted Accounting
 Principles 
 
 Health Canada 
 The Canadian drug regulatory
 body 
 
 IND 
 Investigational New Drug 
 
 IT 
 Information Technology 
 
 LNP 
 Lipid Nano Particle 
 
 K1.1 mRNA 
 The laboratory designation
 of the Company s mRNA based anticancer therapy under development 
 
 MD A 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 mRNA 
 Messenger ribonucleic acid 
 
 NDA 
 New Drug Application 
 
 NOC 
 A Notice of Compliance issued
 by Health Canada to a drug manufacturing facility 
 
 Nora Pharma 
 Nora Pharma Inc., a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of the Company acquired on October 20, 2022 
 
 NPN 
 Natural Product Number, an
 eight-digit number issued by Health Canada authorizing the sale of a natural product or a supplement in Canada 
 
 OTC 
 Over-The-Counter 
 
 pCPA 
 pan-Canadian Pharmaceutical
 Alliance, an alliance of the provincial, territorial and federal governments that determines generic drugs pricing based on a percentage
 of the brand-name reference products 
 
 R D 
 Research and Development 
 
 ROU 
 Right of Use 
 
 SARS-CoV-2 
 Severe Acute Respiratory
 Syndrome Coronavirus 2, the virus that causes COVID-19 
 
 SBFM-PL4 
 Laboratory designation of
 the Company s COVID-19 treatment under development 
 
 Sunshine Canada 
 Sunshine Biopharma Canada
 Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company 
 
 TBD 
 To Be Determined 
 
 U.S. 
 United States of America 
 
 USD 
 U.S. Dollars. All applicable
 references in this report refer to US Dollars and not Canadian Dollars (CAD) unless otherwise specifically stated. 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. The statements regarding
Sunshine Biopharma Inc. contained in this Report that are not historical in nature, particularly those that utilize terminology such
as may, will, should, likely, expects, anticipates, 
 estimates, believes or plans, or comparable terminology, are forward-looking statements based
on current expectations and assumptions, and entail various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. 

Important
factors known to us that could cause such material differences are identified in this Report. We undertake no obligation to correct or
update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable law. You are advised, however, to consult any future disclosures we make on related subjects in future reports to the
SEC. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

About Sunshine Biopharma 

We
are a pharmaceutical company offering and researching life-saving medicines in a wide variety of therapeutic areas, including
oncology and antivirals. In addition to our own drug development operations, we operate three wholly owned subsidiaries, including
(i) Nora Pharma Inc. Nora Pharma ), a Canadian corporation with a portfolio consisting of 49 prescription drugs on the
market in Canada and 28 additional drugs scheduled to be launched in 2023 and 2024, (ii) Sunshine Biopharma Canada Inc. Sunshine Canada ), a Canadian corporation which develops and sells OTC supplements, and (iii) NOX Pharmaceuticals,
Inc., a Colorado corporation which is inactive and is scheduled to be dissolved later this year. 

History 

We
were incorporated in the State of Colorado on August 31, 2006 and on October 15, 2009 we acquired Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. in a transaction
classified as a reverse acquisition. Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. was holding an exclusive license to a new anticancer drug bearing the laboratory
name, Adva-27a (the License Agreement ). Upon completion of the reverse acquisition transaction, we changed our name to
Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. and began operating as a pharmaceutical company focusing on the development of the licensed Adva-27a anticancer
drug. In December 2015, we acquired all worldwide issued (US Patent Number 8,236,935, and 10,272,065) and pending patents under PCT/FR2007/000697
and PCT/CA2014/000029 for the Adva-27a anticancer compound and terminated the License Agreement. 

In
early 2020, we initiated a new R D project focused on the development of a treatment for COVID-19 and on May 22, 2020, we filed a
provisional patent application in the United States for the new coronavirus treatment. The patent application covers composition subject
matter pertaining to small molecules for inhibition of the main Coronavirus protease, Mpro. On April 30, 2021, we filed a PCT application
containing new research results and extending coverage to include the Coronavirus Papain-Like protease, PLpro. 

In
June 2021, we initiated another R D project in which we set out to determine if certain mRNA molecules can be used as anticancer
agents. The data obtained for mRNA molecules bearing the laboratory name K1.1 became the subject of a new patent application filed in
April 2022. 

On October 20, 2022, we acquired Nora Pharma Inc. Nora Pharma ),
a Canadian generic pharmaceuticals company based in the greater Montreal area. Nora Pharma has 37 employees and operates in a 15,000 square
foot facility certified by Health Canada. Nora Pharma currently offers 49 generic prescription drugs and 11 nonprescription OTC products.
Nora Pharma sales were 10.7 million USD during its fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The consolidated financial statements contained in
this report include the results of operations of Nora Pharma from October 20, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

1 

Products
on the Market 

As
a result of the acquisition of Nora Pharma we now have the following generic prescription drugs on the market in Canada: 

Drug 
 
 Action/Indication 
 
 Reference
 Brand 
 
 Alendronate 
 
 Osteoporosis 
 
 Fosamax 
 
 Amlodipine 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Norvasc 
 
 Apixaban 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Eliquis 
 
 Atorvastatin 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Lipitor 
 
 Azithromycin 
 
 Antibacterial 
 
 Zithromax 
 
 Candesartan 
 
 Hypertension 
 
 Atacand 
 
 Candesartan HCTZ 
 
 Hypertension 
 
 Atacand 
 
 Celecoxib 
 
 Anti-inflammatory 
 
 Celebrex 
 
 Cetirizine 
 
 Allergy 
 
 Reactine 
 
 Ciprofloxacin 
 
 Antibiotic 
 
 Cipro 
 
 Citalopram 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Celexa 
 
 Clindamycin 
 
 Antibiotic 
 
 Dalacin 
 
 Clopidogrel 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Plavix 
 
 Donepezil 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Aricept 
 
 Duloxetine 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Cymbalta 
 
 Dutasteride 
 
 Urology 
 
 Avodart 
 
 Escitalopram 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Cipralex 
 
 Ezetimibe 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Ezetrol 
 
 Finasteride 
 
 Urology 
 
 Proscar 
 
 Flecainide 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Tambocor 
 
 Fluconazole 
 
 Antifungal 
 
 Diflucan 
 
 Fluoxetine 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Prozac 
 
 Hydroxychloroquine 
 
 Antimalarial 
 
 Plaquenil 
 
 Lacosamide 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Vimpat 
 
 Letrozole 
 
 Oncology 
 
 Femara 
 
 Levetiracetam 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Keppra 
 
 Mirtazapine 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Remeron 
 
 Montelukast 
 
 Allergy 
 
 Singulair 
 
 Olanzapine ODT 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Zyprexa 
 
 Olmesartan 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Olmetec 
 
 Olmesartan HCTZ 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Olmetec Plus 
 
 Pantoprazole 
 
 Acid Reflux 
 
 Pantoloc 
 
 Paroxetine 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Paxil 
 
 Perindopril 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Coversyl 
 
 Pravastatin 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Pravachol 
 
 Pregabalin 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Lyrica 
 
 Quetiapine 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Seroquel 
 
 Quetiapine XR 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Seroquel XR 
 
 Ramipril 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Altace 
 
 Rizatriptan ODT 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Maxalt ODT 
 
 Rosuvastatin 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Crestor 
 
 Sertraline 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Zoloft 
 
 Sildenafil 
 
 Urology 
 
 Viagra 
 
 Tadalafil 
 
 Urology 
 
 Cialis 
 
 Telmisartan 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Micardis 
 
 Telmisartan HCTZ 
 
 Cardiovascular 
 
 Micardis Plus 
 
 Tramadol Acetaminophen 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Tramacet 
 
 Zolmitriptan 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Zomig 
 
 Zopiclone 
 
 Central nervous system 
 
 Imovane 

2 

In
addition, we have the following nonprescription OTC products on the market in Canada and partially in the U.S.: 

Product 
 
 Description 

Essential 9 
 
 Essential Amino Acids capsules (761 mg) 

L-Arginine 
 
 L-Arginine capsules (500
 mg) 

L-Carnitine 
 
 L-Carnitine capsules (667
 mg) 

Extreme-Mass 
 
 Weight Gain powder 

Iso-Whey 
 
 Whey Protein powder 

BCAA 2:1:1 
 
 Branched-Chain Amino Acids
 capsules (600 mg) 

L-Creatine 
 
 L-Creatine Monohydrate powder 

Nora B12-1000 
 
 Vitamin B-12 tablets (Cyanocobalamine,
 1,000 mcg) 

Nora Calcium 
 
 Calcium Carbonate tablets
 (500 mg) 

Nora Cal-D 400 
 
 Calcium Carbonate (500 mg)
 + Vitamin D (400 IU) tablets 

Nora Cal-D 1000 
 
 Calcium Carbonate (500 mg)
 + Vitamin D (1,000 IU) tablets 

Nora D-400 
 
 Vitamin D tablets (Calciferol
 400 IU) 

Nora D-1000 
 
 Vitamin D tablets (Calciferol
 1,000 IU) 

Nora Senna 
 
 Senna Alexandrina tablets
 (8.6 mg) 

Nora Sennosides 
 
 Senna Alexandrina tablets
 (8.6 mg) 

NRA-ASA 
 
 Acetylsalicylic Acid tablets
 (80 mg) 

NRA-Docusate Sodium 
 
 Docusate Sodium capsules
 (100 mg) 

NRA K-20 
 
 Potassium Chloride tablets
 (1,500 mg) 

Products
in Development 

The
following table summarizes our generic and proprietary drugs in development: 

Generic
 Drugs 
 
 Therapeutic
 Area(s) 
 
 Development
 Stage 

Launch
 Date 
 
 Group A
 (5 Products) 
 
 Central
 Nervous System, Urology, Cardiovascular 
 
 Under Regulatory
 Review 
 
 2023Q2 
 
 Group B
 (3 Products) 
 
 Central
 Nervous System, Gastrointestinal 
 
 Under Regulatory
 Review 
 
 2023Q3 
 
 Group C
 (1 Product) 
 
 Oncology 
 
 Under Regulatory
 Review 
 
 2023Q4 
 
 Group D
 (8 Products) 
 
 Central
 Nervous System, Cardiovascular, Metabolism 
 
 Under Regulatory
 Review 
 
 2024Q1 
 
 Group E
 (5 Products) 
 
 Cardiovascular, Urology, Endocrinology 
 
 Under Regulatory
 Review 
 
 2024Q2 
 
 Group F
 (6 Products) 
 
 Urology, Cardiovascular, Oncology, Anti-infectives 
 
 Under Regulatory
 Review 
 
 2024Q3 

Proprietary
 Drugs 
 
 Therapeutic
 Area 
 
 Development
 Stage 

Launch
 Date 
 
 Adva-27a
 (Small Molecule) 
 
 Oncology
 (Pancreatic Cancer) 
 
 IND-Enabling
 Studies 
 
 TBD 
 
 K1.1 (mRNA
 LNP) 
 
 Oncology
 (Liver Cancer) 
 
 Animal
 Testing 
 
 TBD 
 
 SBFM-PL4
 (Small Molecule) 
 
 Antiviral
 (COVID-19) 
 
 Animal
 Testing 
 
 TBD 

Proprietary
Drugs in Development 

Adva-27a
Anticancer Compound 

In
the area of oncology, our proprietary drug development activities have been focused on the development of a small molecule called
Adva-27a for the treatment of aggressive forms of cancer. A Topoisomerase II inhibitor, Adva-27a has been shown to be effective at
destroying Multidrug Resistant Cancer cells including Pancreatic Cancer cells, Breast Cancer cells, Small-Cell Lung Cancer cells and
Uterine Sarcoma cells (Published in ANTICANCER RESEARCH, Volume 32, Pages 4423-4432, October 2012). We are the
direct owner of all issued patents pertaining to Adva-27a including U.S. Patents Number 8,236,935 and 10,272,065. 

Adva-27a
is a GEM-difluorinated C-glycoside derivative of Podophyllotoxin. Another derivative of Podophyllotoxin called Etoposide is currently
on the market and is used to treat various types of cancer including leukemia, lymphoma, testicular cancer, lung cancer, brain cancer,
prostate cancer, bladder cancer, colon cancer, ovarian cancer, liver cancer and several other forms of cancer. Etoposide is one of the
most widely used anticancer drugs. Adva-27a and Etoposide are similar in that they both attack the same target in cancer cells, namely
the DNA unwinding enzyme, Topoisomerase II. Unlike Etoposide however, Adva-27a is able to penetrate and destroy Multidrug Resistant Cancer
cells. In addition, Adva-27a has been shown to have distinct and more desirable biological and pharmacological properties compared to
Etoposide. In side-by-side studies using Multidrug Resistant Breast Cancer cells and Etoposide as a reference, Adva-27a showed markedly
greater cell killing activity (see Figure 1). 

3 

Figure
1 

In
February 2023, we signed a research agreement with the Jewish General Hospital JGH ), to complete the IND-enabling
studies. The JGH has also agreed to negotiate with us the terms for Phase I Clinical Trials. Adva-27a s initial indication
will be pancreatic cancer for which there are currently little or no treatment options available. All aspects of the clinical trials
in Canada will employ FDA standards at all levels. 

K1.1
Anticancer mRNA 

In
June 2021, we initiated a new research project in which we set out to determine if certain mRNA molecules can be used as anti-cancer
agents. The data collected to date have shown that a selected group of mRNA molecules are capable of destroying cancer cells in vitro
including multidrug resistant breast cancer cells (MCF-7/MDR), ovarian adenocarcinoma cells (OVCAR-3), and pancreatic cancer cells (SUIT-2).
Studies using non-transformed (normal) human cells (HMEC cells) showed that these mRNA molecules had little cytotoxic effects. These
new mRNA molecules, bearing the laboratory name K1.1, are readily adaptable for delivery into patients using the mRNA vaccine technology.
In April 2022, we filed a provisional patent application in the United States covering the subject mRNA molecules. We recently concluded
an agreement with a specialized partner for the purposes of formulating our K1.1 mRNA molecules into lipid nanoparticles, ready for use
to conduct studies in xenograft mice. We anticipate commencing such studies within approximately the next twelve months. 

4 

SBFM-PL4
COVID-19 Treatment 

The
initial genome expression products of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the causative agent of COVID-19,
are two large polyproteins, referred to as pp1a and pp1ab. These two polyproteins are cleaved at 15 specific sites by two virus encoded
proteases (Mpro and PLpro) to generate 16 different non-structural proteins essential for viral replication. Mpro and PLpro represent
attractive anti-viral drug development targets as they play a central role in the early stages of viral replication. PLpro is of particular
interest as a therapeutic target in that, in addition to processing viral proteins, it is also responsible for suppression of the human
immune system making the virus more life-threatening. 

Our
COVID-19 research effort has been focused on developing an inhibitor of PLpro, the viral enzyme that mediates suppression of the human
immune system. On May 22, 2020, we filed a patent application in the United States for a new treatment for Coronavirus infections. Our
patent application covers composition subject matter pertaining to small molecules for inhibition of the Coronavirus main protease (Mpro)
and papain-like protease (PLpro). 

In
February 2022, we expanded our PLpro inhibitors research effort by entering into a research agreement with the University of Arizona
for the purposes of conducting research focused on determining the in vivo safety, pharmacokinetics, and dose selection properties of
three University of Arizona owned PLpro inhibitors, to be followed by efficacy testing in mice infected with SARS-CoV-2 (the Research
Project ). Under the agreement, the University of Arizona granted the Company a first option to negotiate a commercial, royalty-bearing
license for all intellectual property developed by University of Arizona personnel under the Research Project. In addition, the Company
and the University of Arizona entered into an Option Agreement whereby the Company was granted a first option to negotiate a royalty-bearing
commercial license for the underlying technology of the Research Project. Encouraged by the results obtained to date, we submitted a
Notice of Option Exercise to the University of Arizona on September 13, 2022. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
are the sole owner of all worldwide rights pertaining to Adva-27a. These patent rights are covered by PCT/FR2007/000697 and
PCT/CA2014/000029. The patent applications filed under these two PCT's have been issued in the United States (US Patent Number
8,236,935 and 10,272,065), Europe, and Canada. 

On
May 22, 2020, we filed a provisional patent application in the United
States for a new treatment for Coronavirus infections. Our patent application covers composition subject matter pertaining to small molecules
for inhibition of the main Coronavirus protease, Mpro, an enzyme that is essential for viral replication. The patent application has a
priority date of May 22, 2020. On April 30, 2021, we filed a PCT application containing new research results and extending coverage to
include the Coronavirus Papain-Like protease, PLpro. The priority date of May 22, 2020 has been maintained in the newly filed PCT application. 

On
April 20, 2022, we filed a provisional patent application in the United States covering mRNA molecules capable of destroying cancer cells
in vitro. The patent application contains composition and utility subject matter pertaining to the structure and sequence of the relevant
mRNA molecules. 

Our
recently acquired wholly owned subsidiary, Nora Pharma, owns 152 DIN s issued by Health Canada for prescription drugs currently
on the market in Canada. These DIN s were secured through in-licenses or cross-licenses from international manufacturers of generic
pharmaceutical products. 

In
addition, we are the owner of two NPN s issued by Health Canada: NPN 80089663 authorizes us to manufacture and sell our in-house
developed OTC product, Essential 9 , and NPN 80093432 authorizes us to manufacture and sell the OTC product, Calcium-Vitamin D
under the brand name Essential Calcium-Vitamin D . 

Manufacturing

Our
generic drugs are manufactured by several different international partners under long-term contracts. 

We
currently do not have any proprietary drugs on the market. Research quantities of our proprietary drug candidates are currently manufactured
at the University of Arizona located in Tucson, Arizona (Anti-Coronavirus compounds), WuXi App Tech located in Hong Kong, China (Adva-27a
compound), and Arranta Bio MA LLC located in Watertown, Massachusetts (K1.1 mRNA). 

Our
OTC products are manufactured under contract by INOV Pharma Inc. located in Montreal, Canada. 

5 

Marketing
and Sales 

Our
generic drugs are currently being sold across Canada. All of our generic drug sales are conducted by Nora Pharma s sales representatives
based in key Provinces across Canada. In addition, a segment of our marketing team offers human resources and commercial assistance to
pharmacies and pharmacy owners by providing experienced pharmacists and technical assistant recruitment services as well as training
and education support. 

Our
OTC products are currently sold in the U.S. and Canada through Amazon.com and Amazon.ca, respectively. Our personnel together with
 outside consultants develop and place ads on Google, YouTube, Amazon, and other media outlets. The same team manages our
accounts with Amazon. 

Government
Regulations 

All
of our business operations, including our generic drugs, proprietary drugs, and OTC products operations, are subject to extensive and
frequently changing federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations. 

In
the United States, the Federal Government agency responsible for regulating prescription drugs and nonprescription OTC supplements is
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The Canadian counterpart to the FDA is Health Canada. Though the FDA and Health
Canada have generally similar requirements for drugs and OTC supplements to be approved or allowed to be marketed, approval in one jurisdiction
does not automatically result in approval in the other. In Canada, prescription drugs and nonprescription OTC supplements are authorized
through the issuance by Health Canada of a Drug Identification Number (DIN) for the former and a Natural Product Number (NPN) for the
latter. In the United States, the marketing of OTC supplements does not require prior approval from the FDA, provided that the ingredients
are known to the FDA. In both the U.S. and Canada, the ingredients, manufacturing processes and facilities for all drugs and OTC supplements
must meet the guidelines for Good Manufacturing Practices GMP ). Moreover, all drug manufacturers must perform a series
of tests, both during and after production, to show that every drug or supplement batch made meets the regulatory requirements for that
product. 

Our
generic prescription medicines are produced following the same Good
Manufacturing Practices (GMP) guidelines as for brand-name drugs. Prescription drugs dossiers are filed with Health Canada in order to
obtain a manufacturing Notice of Compliance (NOC) and a Drug Identification Number (DIN). The same grant the applicant marketing authorization
in Canada. In the case of Nora Pharma s products, Nora Pharma secures cross-licenses from supply partners holding NOC s and
in turn applies to Health Canada to obtain DIN s issued in Nora Pharma s name in order to commercialize in Canada. In Canada,
the pan-Canadian Pharmaceutical Alliance (pCPA), an alliance of the provincial, territorial and federal governments that collaborates
on a range of public drug plan initiatives to increase and manage access to clinically effective and affordable drug treatments, determines
generic drugs pricing based on a percentage of the brand-name reference products. 

In
the area of proprietary drug development where our Anti-Coronavirus and Anti-Cancer compounds fall, we will be subject to significant
regulations in the U.S. in order to obtain approval of the FDA to offer our products for sale. The approximate procedure for obtaining
FDA approval involves an initial filing of an IND application following which the FDA would review and allow for the drug developer to
proceed with Phase I clinical trials. Following completion of Phase I, the results are filed with the FDA and a request is made to proceed
to Phase II. Similarly, following completion of Phase II the data are filed with the FDA and a request is made to proceed to Phase III. Following
completion of Phase III, a new drug application, or NDA is submitted and a request is made for marketing approval. Depending on various
issues and considerations, the FDA could provide emergency use authorization or limited approval for compassionate-use 
if the drug treats terminally ill patients with limited other treatment options available. As of the date of the filing of this report,
we have not made any filings with the FDA or other regulatory bodies in other jurisdictions. We anticipate filing an initial IND application
for an anti-Covid-19 compound within approximately one year and filing an initial IND for our anti-cancer compound within approximately
two years. We have however had discussions with clinicians and as a result we believe that the FDA and Health Canada are likely
to grant us a so-called fast-track process on the basis of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic and the terminal nature of the
cancer type we are planning to treat. There are no assurances this will occur. 

In
connection with OTC supplements, the FDA regulates the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, storage, labeling, promotion, distribution,
and sale of such products, while the Federal Trade Commission FTC regulates marketing and advertising claims. In August
2007, a rule issued by the FDA went into effect requiring companies that manufacture, package, label, distribute or hold OTC supplements
to meet certain GMP requirements to ensure such products are of the quality specified and are properly packaged and labeled. We are committed
to meeting or exceeding the standards set by the FDA and the FTC and we believe we are currently operating within both the FDA and FTC
mandates. 

6 

Employees 

As
of the date of this report we have a total of 46 employees, comprised of our management team and other corporate personnel and 37 employees
at Nora Pharma. 

Our goal is
to deliver medicines that change patients lives. Such ambitious goal is achieved through the relentless effort and dedication
of our talented workforce. As of December 31, 2022, women compose approximately 48 of our workforce. Going forward, we are committed
to maintaining fully balanced workforce that includes persons of diverse sexual orientation and ethnic backgrounds. 

Presently,
our proprietary drug development activities are subcontracted out to specialized service providers in the U.S. and Canada. We also use
consultants for various other activities including, marketing, accounting, and IT. 

Labors
laws in Quebec provide for certain guaranteed minimum entitlements, including minimum wages, maternity leave, medical leave, employee
termination conditions, etc. Moreover, the Province of Quebec has various language laws governing language use. These laws require corporate
operations carried out in the Province of Quebec to be conducted to a large extent, and some cases entirely, in French. We and our Canadian
subsidiaries operating in the Province of Quebec are fully compliant with these laws. 

Competition 

The Canadian
generic pharmaceuticals market is valued at approximately 7.2 billion CAD (approximately 5.3 billion USD). Generic pharmaceutical
companies produce and deliver more than 70 of the prescribed medicines with high quality at affordable prices. There are more than 35
active generic players in the market, of which, the top 3 hold approximately 50 share of the market. Nora Pharma is relatively new in
this space but has demonstrated one of the fastest year-over-year sales increase amongst its peers. 

Our
Anti-Coronavirus drug development project is in direct competition with several companies in the U.S. that have developed effective vaccines
or treatment options for Covid-19. The companies focused on treatments include Pfizer, Merck, Gilead, Eli Lilly, and Regeneron. Today
two leading vaccines (Pfizer s, and Moderna s) and two antibody treatments (Regeneron s, and Eli Lilly s) are
in use. Gilead s Remdesivir, an antiviral injectable, was approved by the FDA for treatment of Covid-19 in October 2020. In addition,
in December 2021, Pfizer received Emergency Use Authorization EUA ), for its antiviral pill, Paxlovid, and, in the same
month, the FDA granted Merck EUA for its antiviral pill, Molnupiravir. While the approved vaccines, pills and injectable treatments are
effective, we believe that additional treatment options such as the one we are developing which targets a different part of the virus
could potentially form an important component of the range of anti-coronavirus treatment options available to attending physicians. 

In
the area of anticancer drug development we compete with large publicly and privately held companies engaged in developing new cancer
therapies. There are numerous other entities engaged in oncology therapeutics development that have greater resources than the resources
presently available to us. Nearly all major pharmaceutical companies including Merck, Amgen, Roche, Pfizer, Bristol-Myers Squibb and
Novartis, to name a few, have on-going anticancer drug development programs and some of the drugs they may develop could be in direct
competition with our own. In addition, a number of smaller companies are working in the area of cancer therapy and could develop drugs
that may be in competition with ours. 

Similarly,
our OTC products fall directly within a very crowded and highly competitive product sector. As of the date of this report,
we believe Essential 9 is the only Essential Amino Acid product that comprises all 9 essential amino acids in capsule form. We
believe this may provide us with a competitive advantage, at least for the near future but there are no assurances that this will occur. 

7 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Investing
in our securities includes a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should consider carefully
the specific factors discussed below, together with all of the other information contained in this report. Our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by these risks. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have incurred losses and may never achieve profitability. 

We
have an accumulated deficit of 59,399,614 as of December 31, 2022. We incurred a net loss of 26,744,440 for the year ended December
31, 2022, and a net loss of 12,436,447 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We may never achieve profitability. 

We
are subject to the significant risks associated with the generic pharmaceutical business. 

Since
our acquisition of Nora in October 2022, we have generated revenues primarily through sales of generic pharmaceutical products in Canada,
and we expect this to remain the case for the foreseeable future. Generic pharmaceuticals are, as a general matter, significantly less
profitable than innovative medicines, 

In
recent years, the generic pharmaceutical business has experienced increased volatility in volumes due in large part to global supply
chain issues and the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2022, the global economy was continuing to recover from the impacts of
the COVID-19 pandemic and also began experiencing additional macroeconomic pressures such as rising inflation and
disruptions to the global supply chain, in part resulting from the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. We may experience
supply discontinuities due to macroeconomic issues, regulatory actions, including sanctions and trade restrictions, labor
disturbances and approval delays, which may impact our ability to timely meet demand in certain instances. These adverse market
forces have a direct impact on our overall performance. Any such disruptions could have a material adverse impact on our business
and our results of operation and financial condition. 

Sales
of our generic products may be adversely affected by the drug regulatory environment
in Canada. 

Currently
we sell our generic drugs only in Canada. Our net sales may be affected
by fluctuations in the buying patterns of our customers resulting from government lead pricing pressures and other factors. Our generic
sales in Canada are done via retail pharmacies, pharmacy channels, distributors, and wholesalers. Pricing pressures in Canada represent
the highest risk due to ongoing and unresolved negotiations between the pharmaceutical industry and the federal government. These together
with the fact that a significant portion of our revenues is derived from relatively few key customers, any financial difficulties experienced
by a single key customer, or any delay in receiving payments from such a customer, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
revenues and profits from generic products may decline as a result of competition from other pharmaceutical companies and changes in
regulatory policy. 

Our
generic drugs face intense competition. Prices of generic drugs may, and often do, decline, sometimes dramatically, especially as additional
generic pharmaceutical companies receive approvals and enter the market for a given product and competition intensifies. Consequently,
our ability to sustain our sales and profitability on any given product over time is affected by the number of companies selling such
product, including new market entrants, and the timing of their approvals. 

8 

Furthermore,
brand pharmaceutical companies continue to manage products in a challenging environment through marketing agreements with payers, pharmacy
benefits managers and generic manufacturers. For example, brand companies often sell or license their own generic versions of their products,
either directly or through other generic pharmaceutical companies (so-called authorized generics ). No significant
regulatory approvals are required for authorized generics, and brand companies do not face any other significant barriers to entry into
such market. Brand companies may seek to delay introductions of generic equivalents through a variety of commercial and regulatory tactics.
These actions may increase the costs and risks of our efforts to introduce generic products and may delay or prevent such introduction
altogether. 

We
may experience delays in launches of our new generic products. 

If
we cannot execute timely launches of new products, we may not be able to offset the increasing price erosion on existing products resulting
from pricing pressures and accelerated generics approvals for competing products. Such unsuccessful launches can be caused by many factors,
including, delays in regulatory approvals, lack of operational or clinical readiness or patent litigation. Failure or delays to execute
launches of new generic products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
may not receive required regulatory approval for any of our non-generic pharmaceutical product candidates. 

We
have not received approval for any of our proprietary (non-generic) drug development operations product candidates from the FDA. Any
compounds that we discover or in-license will require extensive and costly development, preclinical testing and clinical trials prior
to seeking regulatory approval for commercial sales. Our most advanced product candidate, Adva-27a, and our potential Covid-19 treatments
in development, may never be approved for commercial sale. We have not made any filings to date with the FDA or other regulatory bodies
in other jurisdictions. The time required to attain product sales and profitability is lengthy and highly uncertain. If we fail to obtain
required regulatory approvals for our pharmaceutical product candidates, our business will be materially harmed. 

As
we have no approved non-generic pharmaceutical products on the market, we do not expect to generate significant revenues from non-generic
pharmaceutical product sales in the foreseeable future, if at all. 

To
date, we have no approved non-generic pharmaceutical products on the market and have generated product revenues, solely from our OTC
supplements operations and generic pharmaceutical product sales. We have funded our operations primarily from sales of our
securities. We have not received, and do not expect to receive for at least the next three to four years, if at all, any revenues
from the commercialization of our non-generic pharmaceutical product candidates. To obtain revenues from sales of such
pharmaceutical product candidates, we must succeed, either alone or with third parties, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval
for, manufacturing, marketing and distributing drugs with commercial potential. We may never succeed in these activities, and we may
not generate sufficient revenues to continue our business operations or achieve profitability. 

We
will require additional funding to satisfy our future capital needs, which may not be available. 

We
may require significant additional funding in large part due to our research and development expenses, future preclinical and clinical
testing costs, and the absence of significant revenues in the near future. We do not know whether additional financing will be available
to us on favorable terms or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds, we may be required to reduce our capital expenditures,
scale back product development programs, reduce our workforce and license to others products or technologies that we may otherwise be
able to commercialize. We are currently unable to project when or whether our operations will generate positive cash flows from operations. 

9 

Any
additional equity securities we issue or issuances of debt we may enter into or undertake may have rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of existing holders of common stock. To the extent that we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing
arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that
are not favorable to us. 

The
FDA may change its approval policies or requirements, or apply interpretations to its policies or requirements, in a manner that could
delay or prevent commercialization of Adva-27a or our potential Covid-19 treatment in development. 

Regulatory
requirements may change in a manner that requires us to conduct additional clinical trials, which may delay or prevent commercialization
of our Adva-27a and potential Covid-19 treatment in development. We cannot provide any assurance that the FDA will not require us to
repeat existing studies or conduct new or unforeseen experiments in order to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of any product candidate
before considering the approval of such product candidate. 

The
product candidate we are developing for the treatment of Covid-19 may not be granted an emergency use authorization by the FDA. If we
do not receive such authorization, or if, once granted, it is terminated, we will be required to pursue the drug approval process, which
is lengthy and expensive. 

Subject
to completing and receiving favorable results for clinical trials, we intend to seek emergency use authorization, or EUA, for a
potential Covid-19 treatment, which would allow us to market and sell such product candidate without the need to pursue the lengthy
and expensive drug approval process. The FDA may issue an EUA during a public health emergency if it determines that the potential
benefits of a product outweigh the potential risks and if other regulatory criteria are met. In addition, the FDA may revoke an EUA
where it is determined that the underlying health emergency no longer exists or warrants such authorization. We may not receive EUA
for any Covid-19 treatment product candidate. In addition, even if we do receive EUA for any product candidate, we cannot predict
how long such EUA will remain in place. If we fail to receive an EUA for any Covid-19 product candidate, or such EUA is granted but
subsequently terminated, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
business would be materially harmed if we fail to obtain FDA approval for our pharmaceutical product candidates. 

We
anticipate that our ability to generate significant product revenues from our drug development business will depend on the successful
development and commercialization of Adva-27a or our potential Covid-19 treatment in development. The FDA may not approve in a timely
manner, or at all, any of our drug candidates. If we are unable to submit a new drug application, or NDA for our product candidates,
we will be unable to commercialize such products and our business will be materially harmed. The FDA can and does reject NDAs, and often
requires additional clinical trials, even when product candidates performed well or achieved favorable results in large-scale Phase III
clinical trials. The FDA imposes substantial requirements on the introduction of pharmaceutical products through lengthy and detailed
laboratory and clinical testing procedures, sampling activities and other costly and time-consuming procedures. Satisfaction of these
requirements typically takes several years and may vary substantially based upon the type and complexity of the pharmaceutical product.
Our product candidates are novel compounds or new chemical entities, which may further increase the time required for satisfactory testing
procedures. 

Data
obtained from preclinical and clinical activities are susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory
approval. In addition, delays or rejections may be encountered based on changes in, or additions to, regulatory policies for drug approval
during product development and regulatory review. Government regulation may delay or prevent the commencement of clinical trials or marketing
of our product candidates, impose costly procedures upon our activities and provide an advantage to our competitors with greater financial
resources or more experience in regulatory affairs. The FDA may not approve our product candidates for clinical trials or marketing on
a timely basis or at all. Delayed or failed approvals would adversely affect the marketing of our product candidates and our liquidity
and capital resources. 

Drug
products and their manufacturers are subject to continual regulatory review after the product receives FDA approval. Later discovery
of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer may result in additional clinical testing requirements or restrictions
on such product or manufacturer, including withdrawal of the product from the market. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements
can, among other things, result in fines, injunctions and civil penalties, suspensions or withdrawals of regulatory approvals, product
recalls, operating restrictions or shutdown and criminal prosecution. We may lack sufficient resources and expertise to address these
and other regulatory issues as they arise. 

10 

We
may be sued or become a party to litigation, which could require significant management time and attention and result in significant
legal expenses and may result in an unfavorable outcome which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

We
may be forced to incur costs and expenses in connection with defending ourselves with respect to litigation and the payment of any settlement
or judgment in connection therewith if there is an unfavorable outcome. The expense of defending litigation may be significant. The amount
of time to resolve lawsuits is unpredictable and defending ourselves may divert management s attention from the day-to-day operations
of our business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, an unfavorable outcome
in any such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical, and key management personnel, or if our key executive, Dr. Steve
N. Slilaty, discontinues his employment with us, it may delay our research and development efforts. 

We
rely on the services of Dr. Slilaty for strategic and operational management, as well as for scientific and/or medical expertise in the
development of our products. The loss of Dr. Slilaty would result in a significant negative impact on our ability to implement our business
plan. We have not entered into an employment agreement with any member of our management, including Dr. Slilaty. The loss of Dr. Slilaty
will also significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 

Our
business exposes us to potential product liability risks and we may be unable to acquire and maintain sufficient insurance to provide
adequate coverage against potential liabilities. 

Our business
exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products
and OTC supplements. The use of our product candidates in clinical trials also exposes us to the possibility of product liability claims
and possible adverse publicity. These risks will increase to the extent our pharmaceutical product candidates receive regulatory approval
and are commercialized. We currently have product liability insurance for our generic drugs and we plan to obtain product liability insurance
in connection with our OTC supplements and future clinical trials of our pharmaceutical product candidates in the near future. However,
our current and future product liability insurance, once obtained, may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. On
occasion, juries have awarded large judgments in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful
product liability claim or series of claims brought against us would decrease our cash reserves and could cause our stock price to fall
significantly. 

We
face regulation and risks related to hazardous materials and environmental laws, violations of which may subject us to claims for damages
or fines that could materially affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
research and development activities involve the use of controlled and/or hazardous materials and chemicals. The risk of accidental contamination
or injury from these materials cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages
or fines that result, and the liability could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
We are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of
hazardous materials and waste products. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations or with the conditions attached to our operating
licenses, the licenses could be revoked, and we could be subjected to criminal sanctions and substantial liability or be required to
suspend or modify our operations. In addition, we may have to incur significant costs to comply with future environmental laws and regulations.
We do not currently have a pollution and remediation insurance policy. 

11 

Third
party manufacturers may not be able to manufacture our pharmaceutical product candidates, which would prevent us from commercializing
our product candidates. 

If
any of our pharmaceutical product candidates is approved by the FDA or other regulatory agencies for commercial sale, we will need third
parties to manufacture the product in larger quantities. If we are able to reach an agreement with any collaborator or third party manufacturer
in the future, of which there can be no assurance due to factors beyond our control, these collaborators and/or third party manufacturers
may not be able to increase their manufacturing capacity for any of our product candidates in a timely or economic manner, or at all.
Significant scale-up of manufacturing may require additional validation studies, which the FDA must review and approve. If we are unable
to increase the manufacturing capacity for a product candidate successfully, the regulatory approval or commercial launch of that product
candidate may be delayed or there may be a shortage in the supply of the product candidate. Our product candidates require precise, high-quality
manufacturing. The failure of collaborators or third-party manufacturers to achieve and maintain these high manufacturing standards,
including the incidence of manufacturing errors, could result in patient injury or death, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures
in product testing or delivery, cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. 

If
we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities for our pharmaceutical product candidates or enter into agreements with third
parties to sell and market any such products we may develop, we may be unable to generate revenues from our pharmaceutical business. 

We
do not currently have product sales and marketing capabilities for our pharmaceutical operations. If we receive regulatory approval to
commence commercial sales of any of our pharmaceutical product candidates, we will have to establish a sales and marketing organization
with appropriate technical expertise and distribution capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services
in other jurisdictions. If we receive approval in applicable jurisdictions to commercialize Adva-27a for the treatment of breast cancer
indication, we intend to engage additional pharmaceutical or health care companies with existing distribution systems and direct sales
organizations to assist us in North America and throughout the world. We may not be able to negotiate favorable distribution partnering
arrangements, if at all. To the extent we enter into co-promotion or other licensing arrangements, any revenues we receive will depend
on the efforts of third parties and will not be under our control. If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution
capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, our ability to generate product revenues, and become profitable, would be
severely limited. 

Even
if we obtain required US and foreign regulatory approvals, as applicable, factors that may inhibit our efforts to commercialize our pharmaceutical
product candidates without strategic partners or licensees include: 

difficulty recruiting and
 retaining adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; 

the inability of sales personnel
 to obtain access to, or persuade adequate numbers of, physicians to prescribe our products; 

the lack of complementary
 products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage against companies with broader product
 lines; and 

unforeseen costs associated
 with creating an independent sales and marketing organization. 

12 

Even
if we successfully develop and obtain approval for our proprietary drug product candidates, our business will not be profitable if such
products do not achieve and maintain market acceptance. 

Even
if our proprietary drug product candidates are approved for commercial sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the degree of
market acceptance of our approved product candidates by physicians, healthcare professionals, patients and third-party payors, and our
resulting profitability and growth, will depend on a number of factors, including: 

our ability to provide acceptable
 evidence of safety and efficacy; 

relative convenience and
 ease of administration; 

the prevalence and severity
 of any adverse side effects; 

the availability of alternative
 treatments; 

the details of FDA labeling
 requirements, including the scope of approved indications and any safety warnings; 

pricing and cost effectiveness; 

the effectiveness of our
 or our collaborators' sales and marketing strategy; 

our ability to obtain sufficient
 third-party insurance coverage or reimbursement; and 

our ability to have the
 product listed on insurance company formularies. 

If
our proprietary drug product candidates achieve market acceptance, we may not maintain that market acceptance over time if new products
or technologies are introduced that are received more favorably or are more cost effective. Complications may also arise, such as development
of new know-how or new medical or therapeutic capabilities by other parties that render our product obsolete. 

Because
the results of preclinical studies for our preclinical product candidates are not necessarily predictive of future results, our pharmaceutical
product candidates may not have favorable results in later clinical trials or ultimately receive regulatory approval. 

Our
proprietary drug product candidates have not been tested in clinical trials. Positive results from preclinical studies are no assurance
that later clinical trials will succeed. Preclinical studies are not designed to establish the clinical efficacy of our preclinical product
candidates. We will be required to demonstrate through clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for use before
we can seek regulatory approvals for commercial sale. There is typically an extremely high rate of failure as product candidates proceed
through clinical trials. If our product candidates fail to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy in any clinical trial, we
would experience potentially significant delays in, or be required to abandon, development of that product candidate. This would
adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and may damage our reputation in the industry and in the investment community. 

13 

The
future clinical testing of our proprietary drug product candidates could be delayed, resulting in increased costs to us and a delay in
our ability to generate revenues. 

Our
proprietary drug product candidates will require additional preclinical testing and extensive clinical trials prior to submitting a regulatory
application for commercial sales. We do not know whether clinical trials will begin on time, if at all. Delays in the commencement
of clinical testing could significantly increase our product development costs and delay product commercialization. In addition, many
of the factors that may cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to denial of regulatory
approval of a product candidate. Each of these results would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. 

The
commencement of clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: 

demonstrating sufficient
 safety to obtain regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial; 

reaching agreement on acceptable
 terms with prospective research organizations and trial sites; 

manufacturing sufficient
 quantities of a product candidate; 

obtaining institutional
 review board approvals to conduct clinical trials at prospective sites; and 

procuring adequate financing
 to fund the work. 

In
addition, the commencement of clinical trials may be delayed due to insufficient patient enrollment, which is a function of many factors,
including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the availability
of effective treatments for the relevant disease, and the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial. If we are unable to enroll a sufficient
number of evaluable patients, the clinical trials for our product candidates could be delayed until sufficient numbers are achieved. 

We
face or will face significant competition from other biotechnology, pharmaceutical and OTC supplements companies, and our operating results
will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

Most
of our pharmaceutical company competitors, such as Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pfizer, Amgen, and others, are large pharmaceutical companies
with substantially greater financial, technical, and human resources than we have. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are
intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. The drugs that we are attempting to develop will
compete with existing therapies if we receive marketing approval. Because of their significant resources, our competitors may be able
to use discovery technologies and techniques, or partnerships with collaborators, to develop competing products that are more effective
or less costly than the product candidate we are developing. This may render our technology or product candidate obsolete and noncompetitive.
Academic institutions, government agencies, and other public and private research organizations may seek patent protection with respect
to potentially competitive products or technologies and may establish exclusive collaborative or licensing relationships with our competitors. 

14 

Our
competitors may succeed in obtaining FDA or other regulatory approvals for product candidates more rapidly than us. Companies that complete
clinical trials, obtain required regulatory agency approvals and commence commercial sale of their drugs before we do may achieve a significant
competitive advantage, including certain FDA marketing exclusivity rights that would delay or prevent our ability to market certain products.
Any approved drugs resulting from our research and development efforts, or from our joint efforts with our existing or future collaborative
partners, might not be able to compete successfully with our competitors' existing or future products. 

We
also face competition in our OTC supplements business. The business of marketing OTC supplements is highly competitive. This market segment
includes numerous manufacturers, marketers, and retailers that actively compete for the business of consumers both in the United States
and abroad. The market is highly sensitive to the introduction of new products, which may rapidly capture a significant share of the
market. Sales of similar products by competitors may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

The
market for our potential Covid-19 treatment in development could be adversely affected if the Covid-19 disease outbreak subsides. 

Disease
outbreaks are unpredictable. In the event that the Covid-19 outbreak subsides, or Covid-19 is substantially eradicated, there may be
reduced demand or need for our potential Covid-19 treatment in development, which may have a negative effect on the market for such treatment,
even if it is approved. 

The
Covid-19 pandemic has significantly impacted worldwide economic conditions and could have a material adverse effect on our operations
and business. 

While
we have been able to continue to operate, the global Covid-19 pandemic has caused disruptions in supply chains, affecting production
and sales across a range of industries. While the disruptions are currently expected to be temporary, there is considerable uncertainty
around the duration and the impact of these disruptions. 

The
extent of the impact of Covid-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on the on-going and future impact on our customers,
vendors, service providers, and availability of labor as well as the potential impact of future expanded local, state, or federal restrictions
 all of which are uncertain and are difficult to predict. 

Because
our proprietary drug product candidates and our development and collaboration efforts depend on our intellectual property rights, adverse
events affecting our intellectual property rights will harm our ability to commercialize products. 

Our
success will depend to a large degree on our own and our licensors ability to obtain and defend patents for each party's respective
technologies and the compounds and other products, if any, resulting from the application of such technologies. The patent positions
of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and technical questions. No consistent
policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology patents has emerged to date. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth
of claims that will be allowed or maintained, after challenge, in our or other companies' patents. 

15 

The
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, and we cannot ensure that: 

we were the first to make
 the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications; 

we were the first to file
 patent applications for these inventions; 

others will not independently
 develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 

any patents issued to us
 or our collaborators will provide a basis for commercially viable products, will provide us with any competitive advantages or will
 not be challenged by third parties; 

our pending patent applications
 will result in issued patents; 

we will develop additional
 proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents of others will
 not have a negative effect on our ability to do business; or 

our issued patents will
 have sufficient useful life remaining for commercial viability of our product candidate. 

If
we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in connection with our collaborations, then
our ability to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information will be impaired. In addition, some of the technology
we have developed or licensed relies on inventions developed using U.S. and other governments resources. Under applicable law,
the U.S. government has the right to require us to grant a nonexclusive, partially exclusive or exclusive license for such technology
to a responsible applicant or applicants, upon terms that are reasonable under the circumstances, if the government determines that such
action is necessary. 

Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information and may
not adequately protect our intellectual property. 

We
rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, particularly when we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable.
However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes, we rely in part on confidentiality
and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators and sponsored researchers
and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information nor result in the effective assignment
to us of intellectual property and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information
or other breaches of the agreements. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and
in such case we could not assert any trade secret rights against such party. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is
using our trade secrets is difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the
United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to seek to enforce
and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our
competitive business position. 

The
implementation of our business plan may result in a period of rapid growth that will impose a significant burden on our current administrative
and operational resources. 

Our
ability to effectively manage our growth will require us to substantially expand the capabilities of our administrative and operational
resources by attracting, training, managing, and retaining additional qualified personnel, including additional members of management,
technicians, and others. To successfully develop our products we will need to manage operating, producing, marketing and selling our products.
There can be no assurances that we will be able to do so. Our failure to successfully manage our growth will have a negative impact on
our anticipated results of operations. 

16 

A
significant or prolonged economic downturn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

A
significant or prolonged economic downturn may adversely affect the disposable income of many consumers and may lower demand for our
OTC supplement products. Any decline in economic conditions in could negatively impact our business. A significant decline in consumer
demand, even if only due in part to general economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profit margins. 

The
failure of our service providers and suppliers to supply quality services and materials in sufficient quantities, at a favorable price,
and in a timely fashion could adversely affect the results of our operations. 

Our
outside manufacturer buys raw materials for our OTC supplements business from a limited number of suppliers. The loss of any of our major
suppliers or of any supplier who, through our contract manufacturer, provides us materials that are hard to obtain elsewhere at the same
quality could adversely affect our business operations. Although we believe we could establish alternate manufacturers and sources for
most of our raw materials, any delay in locating and establishing relationships with other sources could result in shortages of products
we manufacture from such raw materials, with a resulting loss of sales and customers. In certain situations we may need to alter our
products or with our customer s consent to substitute different materials from alternative sources. 

A
shortage of raw materials or an unexpected interruption of supply could also result in higher prices for those materials. We have experienced
increases in various raw material costs, transportation costs and the cost of petroleum-based raw materials and packaging supplies used
in our business. Increasing cost pricing pressures on raw materials and other products have continued throughout fiscal 2020 as a result
of limited supplies of various ingredients, the effects of higher labor and transportation costs, and impact of Covid-19. We expect these
upward pressures to continue through fiscal 2021. Although we may be able to raise our prices in response to significant increases in
the cost of raw materials, we may not be able to raise prices sufficiently or quickly enough to offset the negative effects such cost
increases could have on our results of operations or financial condition. 

There
can be no assurance suppliers will provide the quality raw materials we need in the quantities requested or at a price we are willing
to pay. Because we do not control the actual production of these raw materials, we are also subject to delays caused by interruption
in production of materials including but not limited to those resulting from conditions outside of our control, such as pandemics, weather,
transportation interruptions, strikes, terrorism, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events. 

Our
OTC supplements business is subject to the effects of adverse publicity, which could negatively affect our sales and revenues. 

Our
business can be affected by adverse publicity or negative public perception about us, our competitors, our products, or our industry
or competitors generally. Adverse publicity may include publicity about the OTC supplements industry generally, the efficacy, safety
and quality of OTC supplements and other health care products or ingredients in general or our products or ingredients specifically,
and regulatory investigations, regardless of whether these investigations involve us or the business practices or products of our competitors,
or our customers. Any adverse publicity or negative public perception could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if any of
our products or any similar products distributed by other companies are alleged to be or are proved to be harmful to consumers or to
have unanticipated and unwanted health consequences. 

Our
manufacturing and third-party fulfillment activities are subject to certain risks. 

Our
OTC supplements products are manufactured at third party manufacturing facilities in Canada. As a result, we are dependent on the uninterrupted
and efficient operation of these facilities. Such manufacturing operations, and those of its suppliers, are subject to power failures,
blackouts, border shutdowns, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cybersecurity vulnerabilities, human error, breakdown, failure
or substandard performance of our facilities, our equipment, the improper installation or operation of equipment, terrorism, pandemics
(including Covid-19), natural or other disasters, intentional acts of violence, and the need to comply with the requirements or directives
of governmental agencies, including the FDA. The occurrence of these or any other operational problems at such facilities may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

There
is a limited market for our common stock, and investors may find it difficult to buy and sell our shares. 

Prior
to February 15, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink, which is an unorganized, inter-dealer, over-the-counter market which
provides significantly less liquidity than the Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities exchanges. 

Our
common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market since February 15, 2022. Currently, our common stock is thinly traded and there
is no assurance any significant trading volume will develop or be sustained or that we will remain eligible for continued listing on
the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Our
common stock has in the past been, and may in the future be considered, a penny stock and thus be subject to additional
sale and trading regulations that may make it more difficult to buy or sell. 

Our
common stock may in the future (if it is not then listed on a national
securities exchange) be considered a penny stock. Securities broker-dealers participating in sales of penny stock 
are subject to the penny stock regulations set forth in Rules 15g-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We
have paid no dividends on our common stock to date and we do not anticipate paying any dividends to holders of our common stock in the
foreseeable future. While our future dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the business, we currently
anticipate that we will retain any earnings to finance our future expansion and for the implementation of our business plan. Investors
should take note of the fact that a lack of a dividend can further affect the market value of our common stock and could significantly
affect the value of any investment in the Company. 

Our
articles of incorporation allow for our board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which
could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors
has the authority to issue up to 30,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further stockholder approval. 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock are designated Series B Preferred Stock and 10,000 of such shares are outstanding and held by our chief executive officer. Our
board of directors could authorize the creation of additional series of preferred stock that would grant to holders of preferred stock
the right to our assets upon liquidation, or the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of
common stock. In addition, subject to the rules of any securities exchange on which our stock is then listed, our board of directors
could authorize the creation of additional series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible
into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Additional
stock offerings in the future or the issuance of stock upon exercise of outstanding warrants may dilute then-existing shareholders 
percentage ownership of the Company. 

Given
our plans and expectations that we will need additional capital and personnel, we anticipate that we will need to issue additional shares
of common stock or securities convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock, including convertible preferred stock, convertible
notes, stock options or warrants. In addition, as of March 31, 2023, we have 1,764,594 and 9,725,690 shares of common issuable upon exercise of
outstanding warrants with an exercise price of 2.22, and 3.76, respectively. The issuance of additional securities in the future will
dilute the percentage ownership of then current stockholders. 

18 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal place of business is located at 6500 Trans-Canada Highway, 4th Floor, Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada H9R 0A5. We are not party
to a lease agreement in connection with this office service. We are currently looking into leasing dedicated office space of approximately 8,000 square feet
adjacent to our recently acquired subsidiary, Nora Pharma at 1565 Boulevard Lionel-Boulet, Varennes, Quebec, Canada J3X 1P7. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiary, Nora Pharma, currently occupies a 15,000 square foot facility located at 1565 Boulevard Lionel-Boulet,
Varennes, Quebec, Canada, J3X 1P7 pursuant to a lease agreement that expires January 31, 2025, with an option to extend for 5 years.
This site is comprised of 15,000 square feet that includes 10,000 square feet of warehouse space and 5,000 square feet of executive
office space. The facility houses all administrative, marketing, quality control, regulatory affairs, and other operations personal,
as well as, a Health Canada licensed warehouse space. We pay a monthly rent of 17,250 CAD (approximately 12,750 USD), including
taxes. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not party to, and our property is not the subject of, any legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

19 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Prior
to February 15, 2022, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol SBFM. Since February 15, 2022, our common
stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SBFM . We also have tradeable warrants listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SBFMW . 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 149 holders of record of our common stock, not including those holding their shares in
 street name. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

We
did not have any equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. We intend to submit a stock option plan for approval to our shareholders
at our 2023 Annual Shareholder Meeting. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any dividends since our incorporation and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. At present,
our policy is to retain earnings, if any, to develop and market our products. Our payment of dividends in the future will depend upon,
among other factors, our earnings, capital requirements, and operating financial conditions. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion highlights the principal factors that have affected our financial condition and results of operations as well as
our liquidity and capital resources for the periods described. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and the related notes included in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please see Cautionary Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking
statements. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Results of Operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

During our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenues of 4,345,603, compared to revenues of 228,426, in 2021. The increase was the result
of our acquisition of Nora Pharma in October 2022, which accounted for 3,803,106 of these revenues. The cost of sales in 2022 and 2021
for generating these revenues was 2,649,028 and 117,830, respectively. 

General and administrative expenses for our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, were 28,697,325, compared to 2,550,730 during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 26,146,595.
The increase was largely a result of goodwill impairment of 18,326,719 and costs and expenses relating to the Nora Pharma acquisition. 

We also incurred 39,412 in interest expense and 0 in losses
from debt conversion in 2022, compared to 328,818 in interest expense and 9,726,485 in losses from debt conversion in 2021. The decrease
in interest expense and losses from debt conversion in 2022 was due to our repayment of all outstanding debt in 2022. 

As a result, we incurred a net loss of 26,511,136 for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 12,436,447 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

20 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 21,826,437. 

On
February 17, 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of common stock and warrants for gross proceeds of 8 million. We received
net proceeds of approximately 6.8 million from the offering. 

On
March 14, 2022, we completed a private placement of common stock and warrants for gross proceeds of 8 million. We received net proceeds
of approximately 6.8 million from the private placement. 

On
April 28, 2022, we completed a private placement of common stock and warrants for gross proceeds of approximately 19.5 million. We received
net proceeds of approximately 16.8 million from the private placement. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we received aggregate proceeds of 13,193,177 in connection with warrant exercises. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued a total of 559,144 shares of our common stock valued at 12,705,214 for the conversion of
outstanding notes payable, reducing the debt by 2,867,243 and interest payable by 127,986 and generating a loss on conversion of 9,726,485. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not sell any of our capital stock for cash; however, we entered into the following new debt
arrangements: 

On January 12, 2021, we
 issued a note in the principal amount of 150,000 with interest accruing at 5 per year, due January 12, 2023. The note was convertible
 after 180 days from issuance into common stock at a price of 0.30 per share. This note was converted to common stock on December
 20, 2021. 

On January 27, 2021, we
 issued a note in the principal amount of 300,000 with interest accruing at 5 per year, due January 27, 2023. The note was convertible
 after 180 days from issuance into common stock at a price equal to 0.50 per share. This note was converted to common stock on December
 20, 2021. 

On February 12, 2021, we
 issued a note in the principal amount of 700,000 with interest accruing at 5 per year, due February 12, 2023. The note was convertible
 after 180 days from issuance into common stock at a price of 0.60 per share. This note was converted to common stock on December
 20, 2021. 

On April 5, 2021, we issued
 a note in the principal amount of 330,000 with interest accruing at 10 per year, due January 5, 2022. The note was convertible
 after 180 days from issuance into common stock at a price 35 below market value. On October 13, 2021, the noteholder converted 330,000
 in principal and 16,500 in accrued interest into 26,250 shares of common stock leaving a principal balance of 0. We repaid this
 note 

On April 20, 2021, we issued
 a note in the principal amount of 500,000 with interest accruing at 5 per year, due April 20, 2023. The note was convertible after
 180 days from issuance into common stock at a price of 0.30 per share. We repaid this note following the closing of our public offering
 in February 2022. 

On July 6, 2021, we issued
 a note in the principal amount of 900,000 with interest accruing at 5 per year, due July 6, 2023. The note was convertible after
 180 days from issuance into common stock at a price of 0.30 per share. We repaid this note following the closing of our public offering
 in February 2022. In connection with this debt financing, we agreed to allow the lender, who is also the holder of a note dated November
 25, 2020, to convert a total of 240,000 in principal into 120,000 shares of common stock leaving a principal balance of 10,000
 and accrued interest of 7,750. On July 6, 2021, we paid off the remaining principal balance of this note and received forgiveness
 of the accrued interest. 

On August 18, 2021, we issued
 a note in the principal amount of 500,000 with interest accruing at 5 per year, due August 18, 2023. The note is convertible after
 180 days from issuance into common stock at a price equal to 0.30 per share. We repaid this note following the closing of our public
 offering in February 2022. 

21 

Cash flows used
in investing activities were 14,619,390 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0 during our fiscal year ended December
31, 2021. The reason for the increase was due to the acquisition of Nora Pharma. Net cash flows provided by financing activities were
 39,465,107 in 2022 compared to 2,904,675 in 2021. The increase was primarily a result of the three (3) rounds of financing which took
place in February, March, and April 2022. Net cash used in operations was 5,248,358 in 2022, compared to 1,829,128 in 2021. The reason
for the increase was the acquisition of Nora Pharma. 

We
are not generating adequate revenues from our operations to fully implement our business plan as set forth herein. On February 17,
2022, we received net proceeds of approximately 6.8 million from the sale of common stock and warrants in an underwritten public
offering. On March 14, 2022, we received net proceeds of approximately 6.8 million from the sale of common stock and warrants in a
private placement. On April 28, 2022, we received net proceeds of approximately 16.8 million from the sale of common stock and
warrants in a private placement. We believe our existing cash will be sufficient to fund our operations, including general and
administrative expenses, expanded research and development activities, and OTC supplements business, for the next 24 months. There
is no assurance our estimates will be accurate. We have no committed sources of capital and we anticipate that we will need to raise
additional capital in the future, including for further research and development activities and possibly clinical trials, as well as
expansion of our generic pharmaceuticals operations arising from the Nora Pharma acquisition. Additional capital may not be
available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Leases 

We
follow the guidance in ASC 842 Accounting for Leases , as amended, which requires us to evaluate the lease agreements
we enter into to determine whether they represent operating or capital leases at the inception of the lease. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiary, Nora Pharma, currently occupies a 15,000 square foot facility located at 1565 Boulevard Lionel-Boulet, Varennes,
Quebec, Canada, J3X 1P7 pursuant to a lease agreement that expires January 31, 2025, with an option to extend for 5 years. This site
is comprised of 15,000 square feet that includes 10,000 square feet of warehouse space and 5,000 square feet of executive office space.
The facility houses all administrative, marketing, quality control, regulatory affairs, and other operations personal, as well as, a
Health Canada licensed warehouse space. We pay a monthly rent of 17,250 CAD (approximately 12,750 USD), including taxes. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Standards 

In
February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) -
Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related
to Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) which amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for
smaller reporting companies. ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company believes the adoption will modify the way the Company analyzes financial
instruments, but it does not anticipate a material impact on results of operations. The Company is in the process of determining the
effects adoption will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815 40) , ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 simplifies
the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and
contracts on an entity s own equity. The ASU2020-06 amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023,
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the impact of this guidance on its unaudited
consolidated financial statements. 

22 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered
material to investors. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for a smaller reporting company. 

23 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc.: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ BF
Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 5041) 

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2013 

 ,
CO 

 March
31, 2023 

PCAOB ID 

24 

Sunshine
Biopharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Right-of-use-asset 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable accrued
 expenses 

Earn-out payable 

Interest payable 

Income tax payable 

Current
 portion - Right-of-use-liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities: 

Notes payable 

Right-of-use-liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred Stock, Series
 B 
 par value per share; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Common Stock, 
 par value per share; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December
 31, 2021, respectively 

Capital paid in excess of par value 

Accumulated comprehensive
 income 

Accumulated
 (Deficit) 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

See
Accompanying Notes to These Consolidated Financial Statements. 

25 

Sunshine
Biopharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

General and Administrative Expenses: 

Accounting 

Consulting 

Directors Fees 

Legal 

Marketing 

Office 

R D 

Salaries 

Taxes 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Goodwill impairment 

Total General and Administrative
 Expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other Income (Expenses): 

Loss on debt conversions 

Foreign exchange 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Debt forgiveness 

Interest
 forgiveness 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

Net (loss) before income taxes 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Net (Loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss): 

Gain
 (Loss) from foreign exchange translation 

Comprehensive (Loss) 

Basic and diluted (Loss)
 per common share 

Weighted average common shares outstanding
 (Basic Diluted) 

See
Accompanying Notes to These Consolidated Financial Statements. 

26 

Sunshine
Biopharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net
 (Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net
 loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Goodwilll impairment 

Foreign
 exchange (gain) 

Stock issued
 for services 

Debt release 

Loss on
 debt conversion 

Gain on
 interest and debt forgiveness 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable accrued expenses 

Deferred tax liability 

Income tax
 payable 

Interest payable 

Net
 Cash Flows (Used) in Operations 

Cash Flows
 From Investing Activities: 

Reduction
 in Right of use asset 

Nora Pharma
 Inc. acquisition 

Cash from
 Nora Pharma Inc. acquisition 

Purchase
 of intangible assets 

Purchase
 of equipment 

Net
 Cash Flows (Used) in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows
 From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds
 public and private offerings of common stock, net 

Warrant
 exercises 

Purchase of preferred shares 

Reduction
 in lease liability 

Payoff of
 Nora Pharma Inc. s debt 

Proceeds
 from notes payable 

Note payable
 used to pay fees 

Payments
 of notes payable 

Net
 Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 

Cash and
 Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 

Net Increase (Decrease) in cash
 and cash equivalents 

Effect of exchange rate changes
 on cash 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 

Supplementary
 Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

Stock
 issued for note conversions 

Stock
 issued for acquisition of Nora Pharma, Inc. 

See
Accompanying Notes to These Consolidated Financial Statements. 

27 

Sunshine
Biopharma, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders' Equity 

Number Of Common Shares 
 Common 
 Capital Paid in Excess of Par 
 Number Of Preferred Shares 
 Preferred 
 Compre- 
 hensive 
 Accumulated 

Issued 
 Stock 
 Value 
 Issued 
 Stock 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance December
 31, 2020 

Common
 stock issued for the reduction of debt and payment of interest 

Common
 stock issued for services 

Net (loss) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Fractional
 shares issued for reverse stock split 

Common
 stock and warrants issued in offerings 

Exercise of warrants 

Preferred
 stock purchased from related party 

Common
 stock issued as part of Nora Pharma Inc. acquisition 

Net
 (loss) 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

See
Accompanying Notes to These Consolidated Financial Statements. 

28 

Sunshine
Biopharma, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

and 
 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At
times such cash balances may be in excess of the FDIC limit of 250,000 in the U.S. or the equivalent in Canada. 

Computer Equipment: 
 Declining balance method 

Laboratory Equipment: 
 Straight-line method 

Vehicles: 
 Straight-line and Declining balance method 

Website: 
 Declining balance method 

Intangible
assets are tested for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable.
The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable when it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result
from its use and eventual disposal. In such a case, an impairment loss must be recognized and is equivalent to the excess of the carrying
amount of a long-lived asset over its fair value. 

potentially dilutive securities were included in the calculation
of diluted earnings per share as the impact would have been anti-dilutive. 

The
Company defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. The Company applies the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is
available and significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 

Level 1 Level 1
 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability
 to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Level 2
 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
 or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a Level 2 input must be observable for substantially
 the full term of the asset or liability. 

Level 3 Level 3
 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability
 at the measurement date. 

The
carrying value of financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value is measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Financial
assets and liabilities measured on a non-recurring basis are those that are adjusted to fair value when a significant event occurs. The
Company had no financial assets or liabilities carried and measured on a nonrecurring basis during the reporting periods. Financial assets
and liabilities measured on a recurring basis are those that are adjusted to fair value each time a financial statement is prepared. 

which was paid in cash and by the issuance of shares of the Company s common
stock valued at or 1.22 per share. Nora Pharma is a certified company offering generic pharmaceutical products in Canada.
Nora Pharma s operations are authorized by a Drug Establishment License issued by Health Canada. Nora Pharma is also registered
with the FDA. 

The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price as of October 20, 2022, the acquisition date using Nora
Pharma s balance sheet assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Intangible assets 

Equipment furniture 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities
 assumed 

Net assets 

Goodwill 

Total
 Consideration 

Management
has determined that going forward it is in the best interest of the Company to impair 100 of the goodwill in the
current, 2022 fiscal year. The Company will review the value of the intangible and other assets on an annual basis and make
adjustments to the carrying amounts as necessary. 

The
fair value of the 3,700,000 common shares issued as part of the consideration paid for Nora Pharma was determined on the basis of
the closing market price of the Company s common shares on the acquisition date, October 20, 2022 1.22 per
share). 

The
fair value of the financial assets acquired includes receivables, Inventory, furniture, fixtures, and processing equipment, and right
to use assets was 5,858,369. 

The
unaudited financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations of the Company (Sunshine Biopharma and
Nora Pharma) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, on a pro forma basis, as though the companies had been combined as of January
1, 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not purport to be indicative of the Company's combined results of operations
which would actually have been obtained had the acquisition taken place on January 1, 2021, nor should it be taken as indicative of future
consolidated results of operations. 

Net (loss)
 from operations 

Net (loss) 

Basic and fully
 (loss) per share 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

In
addition, the Company paid off Nora Pharma s debt by making cash payments totaling directly to Nora Pharma creditors
at or before closing in order to secure creditor consent for the acquisition transaction. 

CAD USD) payable to Mr. Chamoun, the Seller. The earnout is payable in the form of twenty
(20) payments of 250,000 CAD for every 1,000,000 CAD increase in gross sales (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) above Nora Pharma s
June 30, 2022 gross sales, provided that his employment with the Company is not terminated pursuant to the Company s Employment
Agreement with him. The total earnout amount of 3,632,000 has been recorded as a salary payable. 

and
intangible assets of 
on its balance sheet. Management has determined that it is in the best interest of the Company to (i) impair 100 of the goodwill in
the current, 2022 fiscal year, and (ii) review the intangible assets for amortization or possible partial of full impairment on an
annual basis. 

On
April 20, 2022, the Company filed a provisional patent application in the United States covering mRNA molecules capable of destroying
cancer cells in vitro. The patent application contains composition and utility subject matter pertaining to the structure and sequence
of such mRNA molecules. 

In addition, the
Company owns 152 DIN s issued by Health Canada for prescription drugs currently on the market in Canada. These DIN s were
secured through in-licenses or cross-licenses from international manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products. 

The Company also
owns two NPN s issued by Health Canada: (i) NPN 80089663 authorizes us to manufacture and sell our in-house developed OTC supplement,
Essential 9 , and (ii) NPN 80093432 authorizes us to manufacture and sell the OTC supplement, Calcium-Vitamin D under the brand
name Essential Calcium-Vitamin D . 

of its common stock. The
Company had previously completed two 20 to 1 reverse stock splits, one in 2019 and the other in 2020. 

The Company s
financial statements reflects all three reverse stock splits on a retroactive basis for all periods presented and for all references
to common stock, unless specifically stated otherwise. 

shares of 
 par value common stock and 
 shares of 
 par value preferred stock, to have such rights
and preferences as the Directors of the Company have or may assign from time to time. Out of the authorized Preferred Stock, the Company
had previously designated 850,000 shares as Series A Preferred Stock Series A ). At December 31, 2019, the
Company had no issued and outstanding shares of Series A. On June 17, 2020, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
(the Amendment eliminating the Series A shares and the designation thereof, which shares were returned to the status of
undesignated shares of Preferred Stock. In addition, the Amendment increased the number of authorized Series B Preferred Shares from
five hundred thousand (500,000) to one million (1,000,000) shares. The Series B Preferred Stock is non-convertible, non-redeemable and
non-retractable. It has superior liquidation rights to the common stock at 0.10 per share and gives the holder the right to 1,000 votes
per share. As of December 31, 2021, there were 
 shares of the Series B Preferred Stock held by
the CEO of the Company. 

On
February 17, 2022, the Company s public offering closed and the Company received net proceeds of 
 from the offering. Pursuant to the public offering, the Company
issued and sold an aggregate of 
 shares of common stock and 
 warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Tradeable
Warrants (including 337,494 Tradeable Warrants resulting from partial exercise of the overallotment option granted to the underwriter). 

On
February 22, 2022, the Company redeemed 
 shares of Series B Preferred Stock from the CEO of the Company
at a redemption price equal to the stated value of 0.10 per share. 

On
March 14, 2022, the Company completed a private placement and received net proceeds of .
In connection with this private placement, the Company issued (i) 
 shares of its common stock together with investor warrants Investor
Warrants to purchase up to 
 shares of common stock, and (ii) 
 pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants with each
Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, together with Investor Warrants to purchase up to 1,302,251 shares of common
stock. Each share of common stock and accompanying Investor Warrant was sold together at a combined offering price of 2.22 and each
Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Investor Warrant were sold together at a combined offering price of 2.219. The Pre-Funded Warrants
were immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price of 0.001, and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants
are exercised in full. The Investor Warrants have an exercise price of 2.22 per share (subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant),
are exercisable upon issuance and will expire five years from the date of issuance. 

On
April 28, 2022, the Company completed another private placement and received net proceeds of .
In connection with this private placement, the Company issued (i) shares
of its common stock together with warrants April Warrants to purchase up to shares
of common stock, and (ii) pre-funded
warrants Pre-Funded Warrants with each Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one share of common stock, together with
April Warrants to purchase up to 4,780,050 shares of common stock. Each share of common stock and accompanying two April Warrants
were sold together at a combined offering price of 4.01 and each Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying two April Warrants were sold
together at a combined offering price of 4.009. The Pre-Funded Warrants were immediately exercisable, at a nominal exercise price
of 0.001, and may be exercised at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The April Warrants have an
exercise price of 
per share (subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant), are exercisable upon issuance and will expire five years from the
date of issuance. 

On
October 20, 2022, the Company issued shares
of Common Stock as part of the acquisition of Nora Pharma. These shares were valued at , 
or per
share 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 
 shares of its Common Stock valued at 
 in connection with the conversion of 
 in debt and interest of 
 resulting in a loss of 
 on conversion. In addition, the Company issued 
 shares of its Common Stock valued at 
 as compensation to its directors. In total, 
 shares of Common Stock were issued during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Through December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company has issued and outstanding a total of 
 and 
 shares of Common Stock, respectively. 

The
Company has declared no dividends since inception. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed three financing events, and in connection therewith, it issued warrants
as follows: 

Tradeable Warrants 

Investor Warrants 

April Warrants 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all of the Pre-Funded Warrants and a total of 
 Tradeable Warrants were exercised resulting in aggregate proceeds
of 
 received by the Company. In addition, during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, a total of 
 Investor Warrants were exercised resulting in aggregate proceeds
of 
 received by the Company. 

The Company s
outstanding warrants at December 31, 2022 consisted of the following: 

Schedule of outstanding warrants 

Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Exercise
 Price 
 
 Expiry
 Date 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrants 
 
 None 

Tradeable Warrants 

Investor Warrants 

April Warrants 

At
December 30, 2022, the final trading day of the year, the closing price of the Company s common stock was 0.64 per share, a value
well below the exercise price of these warrants. 

Basic weighted average outstanding
 shares of common stock 

Dilutive common share equivalents 

Dilutive weighted average outstanding
 shares of common stock 

Net gain (loss) per share attributable
 to common stock 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total 

The
components of the net deferred tax assets were as follows: 

Fixed Assets 

Intangibles 

Research and
 Development 

Other DTA 

Lease Liability 

Valuation
 Allowance 

Total
 Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax
 Liabilities: 

Fixed Assets 

Intangibles 

Right-of-Use
 Asset 

Total
 Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net
 Deferred Tax Liability 

and ,
respectively in notes payable outstanding. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, total accrued interest on Notes Payable was 
 and ,
respectively. 

The
Company s Notes Payable at December 31, 2021 consisted of the following: 

On
April 20, 2021, the Company received monies in exchange for a Note Payable having a Face Value of 
 with interest accruing at 
due . The Note was convertible after 180 days from issuance
into common stock at a price equal to 0.30 per share. On February 17, 2022, the Company paid off the entire principal balance of this
Note, together with accrued interest of 
 by making cash payment of . 

On
July 6, 2021, the Company received monies in exchange for a Note Payable having a Face Value of 
 with interest accruing at ,
due . The Note was convertible after 180 days from issuance
into common stock at a price equal to 0.30 per share. On February 17, 2022, the Company paid off the entire principal balance of this
Note, together with accrued interest of 
 by making cash payment of . 

On
August 18, 2021, the Company received monies in exchange for a Note Payable having a Face Value of 
 with interest accruing at ,
due . The Note was convertible after 180 days from issuance
into common stock at a price equal to 0.30 per share. On February 17, 2022, the Company paid off the entire principal balance of this
Note, together with accrued of 
 by making cash payment of . 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, total accrued interest on Notes Payable was - -
and ,
respectively. 

and accruing interest at 
was due . On December 31, 2020, the Company renewed the Note together
with accrued interest of 
 for a 12-month period. The new Note has a face Value of ,
accrues interest at 
per annum, and has a maturity date of . On August 24, 2021, the Company paid off the entire principal
balance of this Note, together with accrued interest of 
 by issuing cash payment of . 

Operating Lease liability - Short-term 

Operating lease liability - Long-term 

Remaining lease term 
 
 years 

Discount rate 

Amounts
disclosed for ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations and reductions of ROU assets resulting from reductions of lease obligations
include amounts reduced from the carrying amount of ROU assets resulting from deferred rent. 

Maturities
of lease liabilities under non-cancellable operating leases at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of
these amounts attributable to the Company s CEO, 
 and ,
respectively was paid to Advanomics Corporation, a company controlled by the CEO of the Company. In addition, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock valued at 
 to its officers during year ended December 31, 2021. The value
of these shares was based upon the closing price of the Company s common stock of 3.06 on the issuance date. 

The
Company paid its directors cash compensation totaling 
 and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

42 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of
the period covered by this report. 

These
controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit pursuant to the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Based
on this evaluation, our management, including our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as
of December 31, 2022, at reasonable assurance levels. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our system of internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with US GAAP. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (b) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with US GAAP, and
that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (c) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized use, acquisition, or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

43 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and they concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). 

No
Attestation Report by Independent Registered Accountant 

The
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has not been audited by our independent registered
public accounting firm by virtue of our exemption from such requirement as a smaller reporting company. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

44 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following individuals currently serve as our Board of Directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 

Dr. Steve N. Slilaty 
 
 70 
 
 President, Chief Executive
 Officer and Chairman 

Dr. Abderrazzak Merzouki 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Operating Officer
 and Director 

Camille Sebaaly 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Secretary 

Dr. Rabi Kiderchah 
 
 50 
 
 Director 

David Natan 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Dr. Andrew Keller 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Dr.
Steve N. Slilaty was appointed as our chief executive officer and chairman of our board
of directors on October 15, 2009. Dr. Slilaty is an accomplished scientist and business executive. His scientific publications are
widely cited. Sunshine Biopharma is the third in a line of biotechnology companies that Dr. Slilaty founded and managed. The first, Quantum
Biotechnologies Inc. later known as Qbiogene Inc. , was founded in 1991 and is now a member of a family of companies owned by
 MP Biomedicals , one of the largest international suppliers of biotechnology reagents and other research products. The second company
which Dr. Slilaty founded, Genomics One Corporation , conducted an initial public offering of its capital stock in 1999 and, on
the basis of its ownership of Dr. Slilaty s patented TrueBlue Technology, Genomics One became one of the key participants
in the Human Genome Project and reached a market capitalization of 1 billion in 2000. Formerly, Dr. Slilaty was a research team leader
at the Biotechnology Research Institute (Montreal) , a division of the National Research Council of Canada . Dr. Slilaty is
one of the pioneers of Gene Therapy having developed the first gene delivery system applicable to humans in 1983 [ Science 220: 
725-727 (1983) ]. Dr. Slilaty's other distinguished scientific career accomplishments included (i) the discovery of a new class of
enzymes, the S24 Family of Proteases (IUBMB Enzyme: EC 3.4.21.88) [ Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 84: 3987-3991 (1987) ].
In addition, Dr. Slilaty (i) developed the first site-directed mutagenesis system applicable to double-stranded DNA [ Analyt. Biochem.
 185: 194-200 (1990) ], (ii) cloned the gene for the first yeast-lytic enzyme (lytic b-1,3-glucanase) [ J. Biol. Chem. 266: 
1058-1063 (1991) ], (iii) developed a new molecular strategy for increasing the rate of enzyme reactions [ Protein Engineering 4: 
919-922 (1991) ], and (iv) constructed a powerful new cloning system for genomic sequencing (TrueBlue Technology) [ Gene 213: 
83-91 (1998) ]. Most recently, Dr. Slilaty, in collaboration with Institut National des Sciences Appliqu e (France), State University
of New York at Binghamton (USA) and cole Polytechnique, Universit de Montr al (Canada), designed, patented, and
advanced the development the first, and currently the only known anticancer compound (Adva-27a) capable of destroying multidrug resistant
cancer cells [ Anticancer Res. 32: 4423 (2011) and US Patent Numbers: 8,236,935 and 10,272,065 ]. These and other works of
Dr. Slilaty are cited in research papers, editorials, review articles and textbooks. Dr. Slilaty is the author of 18 original research
papers and 10 issued and pending. These and other works of Dr. Slilaty are cited in research papers, editorials, review articles and textbooks.
Dr. Slilaty received his Ph.D. degree in Molecular Biology from the University of Arizona in 1983 and Bachelor of Science degree in Genetics
and Biochemistry from Cornell University in 1976. Dr. Slilaty has received research grants from the NIH and NSF and he is the recipient
of the 1981 University of Arizona Foundation award for Meritorious Performance in Teaching. Dr. Slilaty s scientific knowledge and
experience qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

45 

Dr.
Abderrazzak Merzouki was appointed as a director and our chief operating officer in February 2016. In addition to his positions
with our Company since January 2016 he has been self-employed as a consultant in the fields of biotechnology and pharmacology. From July
2007 through December 2016, Dr. Merzouki worked at the Institute of Biomedical Engineering in the Department of Chemical Engineering
at Ecole Polytechnique de Montreal, where he taught and acted as a senior scientist involved in the research and development of plasmid
and siRNA-based therapies. Dr. Merzouki is a molecular biologist and an immunologist with extensive experience in the area of gene therapy
where he performed several preclinical studies for pharmaceutical companies involving the use of adenoviral vectors for cancer therapy
and plasmid vectors for the treatment of peripheral arterial occlusions. Dr. Merzouki also has extensive expertise in the design of expression
vectors, and production and purification of recombinant proteins. He developed technologies for production of biogeneric therapeutic
proteins for the treatment of various diseases including cancer, diabetes, hepatitis and multiple sclerosis. Dr. Merzouki obtained his
Ph.D. in Virology and Immunology from Institut Armand-Frappier in Quebec and received his post-doctoral training at the University of
British Columbia and the BC Center for Excellence in HIV/AIDS research. Dr. Merzouki has over 30 publications and 70 communications in
various, highly respected scientific journals in the field of cellular and molecular biology. Dr. Merzouki s scientific knowledge
and experience qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Mr.
Camille Sebaaly was appointed as our chief financial officer, secretary and a director of our Company on October 15, 2009.
He resigned as a director of the Company in October 2021. Since 2001, Mr. Sebaaly has been self-employed as a business consultant,
primarily in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical sectors. He held a number of senior executive positions in various areas
including financial management, business development, project management and finance. As an executive and an entrepreneur, he
combines expertise in strategic planning and finance with strong skills in business development and deal structure and
negotiations. In addition, Mr. Sebaaly worked in operations, general management, investor relations, marketing and business
development with emphasis on international business and marketing of advanced technologies including hydrogen generation and energy
saving. In the area of marketing, Mr. Sebaaly has evaluated market demands and opportunities, created strategic marketing and
business development plans, designed marketing communications and launched market penetration programs. Mr. Sebaaly graduated from
State University of New York at Buffalo with an Electrical and Computer Engineering Degree in 1987. 

Dr.
Rabi Kiderchah has served as a director of the Company since October 2021. Dr. Kiderchah is a licensed physician in Canada. From
2000 until August 2021, he was working at Argenteuil Hospital, Lachute, Quebec, Canada, as an emergency room physician. He has also worked
as what is referred to in Canada as a medecins depanneurs , working in rural areas where there are not enough ER doctors.
Since August 2011 he has worked at Rabi Kiderchah Medecin Inc. as a freelance physician in the Quebec, Canada area. He received a Bachelor
of Science degree in 1994 and an MD degree in 1998 from the University of Montreal. Dr. Kiderchah s medical and scientific knowledge
and experience qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Mr.
David Natan has served as a director of the Company since February 2022. In addition, since 2007 Mr. Natan has served as President
and Chief Executive Officer of Natan Associates, LLC, a consulting firm offering chief financial officer services to public and
private companies in a variety of industries. From February 2010 to May 2020, Mr. Natan served as Chief Executive Officer of ForceField
Energy, Inc. (OTCMKTS: FNRG), a company focused on the solar industry and LED lighting products. From February 2002 to November 2007,
Mr. Natan served as Executive Vice President of Reporting and Chief Financial Officer of PharmaNet Development Group, Inc., a drug development
services company, and, from June 1995 to February 2002, as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Global Technovations, Inc.,
a manufacturer and marketer of oil analysis instruments and speakers and speaker components. Prior to that, Mr. Natan served in various
roles of increasing responsibility with Deloitte Touche LLP, a global consulting firm. Mr. Natan currently serves as a member of
the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee of Global Diversified Marketing Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS: GDMK), a manufacturer,
marketer and distributor of food and snack products, since February 2021 and serves as a member of the Board of Directors and Chair of
the Audit Committee of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: SBFM), a pharmaceutical and nutritional supplement company, since February 2022.
Additionally in December 2022, Mr. Natan was appointed to the board of Directors and Audit Committee Chair of Vivakor Inc. (NASDAQ: VIVK)
Previously, Mr. Natan served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of ForceField Energy, Inc., from April 2015 to May 2020, and as a
member of the Board of Directors of Global Technovations, Inc., from December 1999 to December 2001. Mr. Natan holds a B.A. in Economics
from Boston University. Mr. Natan s experience as business executive and as a director of public companies qualify him to serve
on our board of directors. 

Dr.
Andrew M. Keller has served as a director of the Company since February 10, 2022. From 2016 through November 2019, Dr. Keller
was the Chief Medical Officer at the Western Connecticut Medical Group, Bethel CT, a multispecialty organization. He was employed by
this group beginning in 1989, and in 2003 became Chief Section of Cardiovascular Diseases. In 2014 he was appointed Chief Medical
Informatics Officer. Previously, Dr. Keller was an Assistant Professor of Medicine/Radiology at Columbia University, The College of Physicians
and Surgeons, NY, NY. Dr. Keller retired as a practicing physician in 2019 and in 2020, became a full time student at Quinnipiac University
College of Law, where he is currently in his third year. Dr. Keller received a Doctor of Medicine degree in 1979 from The Ohio State
University and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Physics, Magna Cum Laude from Ithaca College in 1975. Dr. Keller s medical and scientific
knowledge and experience qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 

46 

Corporate
Governance 

Board
of Directors Term of Office 

Directors
are elected at our annual meeting of shareholders and serve for one year until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their
successors are elected and qualified. 

Committees
of our Board of Directors 

The
Company has established an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a corporate governance and nominating committee of our board
of directors. Each committee is comprised of each of our independent directors. David Natan is our audit committee financial expert. 

No
Family Relationships 

There
is no family relationship between any director and executive officer or among any directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
 of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal
 proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated
 with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court of
 competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the CFTC to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law,
 and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a party
 to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
 relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting
 financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with
 any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party
 to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity
 or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting
officer. Our Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.sunshinebiopharma.com. 

47 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth compensation information for services rendered by our executive officers in all capacities during the last
two completed fiscal years. 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary
 ) 
 
 Bonus
 ) 
 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 
 Total
 ) 

Dr. Steve N. Slilaty 

2022 

360,000 
 (1) 

10,000 

370,000 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

2021 

156,380 
 (1) 

306,000 
 (2) 

462,380 

Camille Sebaaly 

2022 

300,000 

630,000 

930,000 

Chief Financial Officer 

2021 

40,000 

306,000 
 (2) 

346,000 

Dr. Abderrazzak Merzouki 

2022 

240,000 

245,000 

485,000 

Chief Operating Officer and Director 

2021 

109,927 

306,000 
 (2) 

415,927 

________________ 

(1) 
 Portions of these amounts
 were paid to Advanomics Corporation, a company controlled by Dr. Slilaty. 

(2) 
 Represents stock award valued
 at 3.06 per share, the closing price of the common stock on the date of grant of January 6, 2021. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
April 8, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Steve N. Slilaty, our Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the employment
agreement, Dr. Slilaty will continue to serve as our CEO and will be paid a base annual salary of 360,000 (which will increase annually
at the rate of the Consumer Price Index or 5 , whichever is higher). The employment agreement has a term of four years and will renew
automatically for a term of an additional three years. In the event the employment agreement is terminated by the Company without cause,
the Company will pay Dr. Slilaty 10 million. Upon expiration of the employment agreement, the Company will pay Dr. Slilaty 2 million. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

We
did not have any outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth compensation we paid to our directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Option
 Awards 
 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Dr. Rabi Kiderchah 
 
 60,000 

60,000 
 
 Mr.
 David Natan 

60,000 

60,000 
 
 Dr. Abderrazzak Merzouki 
 
 60,000 

60,000 
 
 Dr.
 Andrew Keller 

60,000 

60,000 
 
 Dr. Steve N. Slilaty 
 
 60,000 

60,000 

48 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of March 31 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common
stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5 percent; (ii) each of our executive officers and directors; and (iii) our directors and
executive officers as a group. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of
securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. The table lists applicable
percentage ownership based on 22,585,632 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023. In addition, under SEC rules, beneficial
ownership of common stock includes shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to the conversion or exercise of securities that are
either immediately exercisable or convertible into common stock or exercisable or convertible into common stock within 60 days of March
31, 2023. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those securities for the purpose of
computing the percentage ownership of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 

Title of Class 
 
 Name and Address
 of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent
 of Common Class 

Common 
 
 Dr.
 Steve N. Slilaty (1)(2)(3) 
 579
 Rue Lajeunesse 
 Laval, Quebec Canada H7X 3K4 

121,024 
 (1) 

Common 
 
 Camille
 Sebaaly (1) 
 3040
 Levesque West, Suite 506 Laval, Quebec Canada H7V 2G3 

174,465 

Common 
 
 Dr. Abderrazzak Merzouki
 (1) 731 Place de l Eeau Vive Laval, Quebec Canada H7Y 2E1 

116,720 

Common 
 Dr.
 Andrew Keller (1) 
 c/o
 Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. 6500 Trans-Canada Highway 4th Floor, Pointe-Claire, Quebec
 H9R 0A5, Canada 

0 

Common 
 David Natan (1) 
 c/o Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. 6500 Trans-Canada Highway 4th Floor, Pointe-Claire, Quebec H9R 0A5, Canada 

0 

Common 
 Dr. Rabi Kiderchah (1) 
 c/o Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. 6500 Trans-Canada Highway 4th Floor, Pointe-Claire, Quebec H9R 0A5, Canada 

1,625 

Common 
 
 Malek
 Chamoun (3) 
 1730
 rue Saint Patrick, Apt. 601 
 Montreal,
 Quebec Canada H3K 2H2 

3,700,000 (3) 

16.4 

All Officers and Directors
 as Group (5 persons) 

4,113,834 (3) 

18.2 

____________________ 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Officer and/or director of our Company. 

(2) 
 Does not include 10,000
 shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Shares. Dr. Slilaty has agreed not to vote these shares until such time as the
 Company s Tradeable Warrants are no longer outstanding. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock gives the holder the right to
 1,000 votes per share. 

(3) 
 Dr. Slilaty controls the
 voting of Mr. Chamoun s shares through a voting agreement between Mr. Chamoun and Dr. Slilaty dated October 20, 2022 

49 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related
Transactions 

A Note Payable
dated December 31, 2019, held by our CEO having a face value of 128,269 and accruing interest at 12 was due December 31, 2020.
On December 31, 2020, we renewed the Note together with accrued interest of 15,392 for a 12-month period. The new Note had a face value
of 143,661, accrued interest at 12 per year, and had a maturity date of December 31, 2021. On August 24, 2021, we paid off the entire
principal balance of this Note, together with accrued interest of 12,929 by making a cash payment of 156,590. 

On
February 22, 2022, we redeemed 990,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by Dr. Steve Slilaty, our CEO, at a redemption price equal
to the stated value of 0.10 per share. 

Director
Independence 

Our
independent directors consist of Dr. Kiderchah, Mr. Natan and Dr. Keller. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by B F Borgers CPA PC, our independent auditors, during our fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 
 December
 31, 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 

137,500 

75,600 
 
 Audit-related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

137,500 

75,600 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of amounts billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included
in our Annual Reports on Forms 10-K for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for reviews of our interim financial statements
included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit-related
Fees. Audit-related fees represent fees for assurance and related services performed that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements. 

Tax
Fees. B F Borgers CPA PC did not perform any tax compliance services for us during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

All
Other Fees . B F Borgers CPA PC did not receive any other fees from us for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2021, our entire Board of Directors performed the duties of an audit committee. Our Board of Directors evaluated
the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor rendered audit and non-audit services. As of February 15, 2022,
the Board of Directors appointed our three independent directors as the members of our audit committee. 

50 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15
 EXHIBITS 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation (2) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed November 2, 2009 (3) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Statement
 of Share and Equity Capital Exchange (4) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed July 13, 2010 (4) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed May 27, 2015 (5) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (6) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (7) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Bylaws 
 (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities (16) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Patent
 Purchase Agreement with Advanomics Corporation (8) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Second
 Patent Purchase Agreement with Advanomics Corporation (9) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Patent Purchase Agreement with Advanomics Corporation dated October 8, 2016, including Secured Convertible Promissory Note 
 (10) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Patent Purchase Agreement with Advanomics Corporation dated December 28, 2016, including Secured Convertible Promissory
 Note (10) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Warrant
 Agent Agreement between the Company and Equiniti (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Sponsored
 Research Agreement, dated October 6, 2020, between the Company and the University of Georgia Research Foundation, Inc. 
 (11) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Research
 Agreement between the Company and Arizona Board of Regents on behalf of the University of Arizona (12) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Engagement
 Letter, dated March 14, 2022, between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp. (15) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 10, 2022 (15) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form
 of Warrant, dated March 14, 2022 (15) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated March 10, 2022 (15) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Amendment to Warrant (17) 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement
 between Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. and Dr. Steve Slilaty (18) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Engagement Letter,
 dated April 25, 2022 (19) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Securities
 Purchase Agreement (19) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Form of Registration
 Rights Agreement (19) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Warrant (19) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement
 between Sunshine Biopharma, Inc., Malek Chamoun and Nora Pharma Inc. (20) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement
 between Sunshine Biopharma, Inc., Nora Pharma Inc. and Malek Chamoun (20) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Research Agreement
 between the Company and Sir Mortimer B. Davis Jewish General Hospital (21) 
 
 10.22 
 
 License Agreement
 between the Company and the University of Arizona (22) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (13) 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of BF
 Borgers CPA PC (filed herewith) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (filed herewith) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (filed herewith) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished
 herewith) 

51 

EX-101 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the
 instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 EX-104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data
 File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 
 
 _______________________ 

Indicates
 management contract or compensatory arrangement. 

Portions of the exhibit
 have been omitted. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to SB-2 filed with the SEC on October 19, 2007. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2009. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 4, 2010. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2015. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2020. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed February 9, 2022. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2015. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2015. 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016. 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to S-1/A filed with the SEC on January 24, 2022. 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 
 (13) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to 10-K filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020. 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to S-1 filed September 9, 2021. 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC
 on March 15, 2022. 
 
 (16) 
 Incorporated by reference to 10-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2022. 
 
 (17) 
 Incorporated by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022. 
 
 (18) 
 Incorporated by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC on April 8, 2022. 
 
 (19) 
 Incorporated by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC on April 28, 2022. 
 
 (20) 
 Incorporated by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC on October 20, 2022. 
 
 (21) 
 Incorporated by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023. 
 
 (22) 
 Incorporated by reference to 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023. 

52 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SUNSHINE BIOPHARMA, INC. 

Dated: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dr.
 Steve N. Slilaty 

Dr. Steve N. Slilaty, Chief Executive Officer (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/ Camille Sebaaly 

Camille Sebaaly, Chief Financial Officer (principal
 financial and accounting officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dr. Steve
 N. Slilaty 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Dr. Steve N. Slilaty 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Camille Sebaaly

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Camille Sebaaly 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Dr. Abderrazzak
 Merzouki 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Dr. Abderrazzak Merzouki 

/s/ David Natan 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 David Natan 

/s/ Dr. Andrew
 Keller 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Dr. Andrew Keller 

/s/ Dr. Rabi
 Kiderchah 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Dr. Rabi Kiderchah 

53 

<EX-21>
 2
 sunshine_ex2100.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

SHINSHINE
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

NOX
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Sunshine
Biopharma Canada Inc. 

Nora
Pharma Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 sunshine_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-264830 and 333-263998) of our report
dated March 31, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Certified
Public Accountants 

 Lakewood,
CO 

 March 31,
2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 sunshine_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Steve N. Slilaty, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

April 3, 2023 
 /s/
 Steve N. Slilaty 

Steve N.
 Slilaty, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 sunshine_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Camille Sebaaly, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: April 3, 2023 
 / s/
 Camille Sebaaly 

Camille
 Sebaaly, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 sunshine_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with this annual report of Sunshine Biopharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, the undersigned, in
the capacities and on the date indicated below, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Rule 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: April 3, 2023 
 /s/
 Steve N. Slilaty 

Steve N. Slilaty, Chief
 Executive Officer 

Dated: April 3, 2023 
 /s/ Camille Sebaaly 

Camille Sebaaly, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sbfm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sbfm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sbfm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sbfm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

