<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230609_10-K_edgar_data_1011662_0001520138-23-000260.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7111677</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213213</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>883850</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3259285</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1068008</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1463376</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-23-000260.hdr.sgml : 20230609
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230609164107
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-23-000260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230609
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230609

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GLOBAL DIGITAL SOLUTIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001011662
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				223392051
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26361
		FILM NUMBER:		231005974

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		777 SOUTH FLAGLER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800 WEST
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-515-6163

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6220 MAIN AVE #2
		CITY:			ORANGEVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95662

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CREATIVE BEAUTY SUPPLY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-23-000260.txt : 20230609

10-K
 1
 gdsi-20221231_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________________________ to __________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Shares
of common stock with a par value of 0.001 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes . 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed third fiscal quarter was . 

(APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

The
number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date, was
 of common shares as of December 31,2022. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 -1- 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 -5- 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 -15- 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 -15- 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 -15- 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 -15- 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 -16- 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 -17- 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 -17- 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 -26- 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 -26- 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 -26- 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 -26- 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 -27- 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 -28- 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 -30- 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 -33- 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 -34- 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 -34- 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 -35- 

SIGNATURES 
 -38- 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management s current views with respect
to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial
performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates. predicts, 
 potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Those statements include
statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of us and members of our management team, as well as the assumptions
on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
future performance and involve risk and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such
forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022, any of which may cause our company s or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and without limitation: 

our
 ability to successfully commercialize and our products and services on a large enough scale to generate profitable operation; 

our
 ability to maintain and develop relationships with customers and suppliers; 

our
 ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses or new brands; 

the
 impact of competitive products and pricing; 

supply
 constraints or difficulties; 

the
 retention and availability of key personnel; 

general
 economic and business conditions; 

substantial
 doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our
 need to raise additional funds in the future; 

our
 ability to successfully recruit and retain qualified personnel in order to continue our operations; 

our
 ability to successfully implement our business plan; 

our
 ability to successfully acquire, develop or commercialize new products and equipment; 

intellectual
 property claims brought by third parties; and 

the
 impact of any industry regulation. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, or performance. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend
to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements
to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in the future operating results over time except as
required by law. We believe that our assumptions are based upon reasonable data derived from and known about our business and operations.
No assurances are made that actual results of operations or the results of our future activities will not differ materially from our
assumptions. 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and unless otherwise indicated, the terms GDSI, Company, we, 
 us, and our refer to Global Digital Solutions, Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiaries GDSI Florida, LLC,
and North American Custom Specialty Vehicles, Inc. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. 

- 1 - 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated in New Jersey as Creative Beauty Supply, Inc. Creative in August 1995. In March 2004, Creative acquired
Global Digital Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The merger was treated as a recapitalization of Global Digital Solutions, Inc.,
and Creative changed its name to Global Digital Solutions, Inc. GDSI ). We are focused in the area of cyber arms technology
and complementary security and technology solutions. On October 22, 2012, we entered into an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization
to acquire 70 of Airtronic USA, Inc. Airtronic ), a then debtor in possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code
once Airtronic successfully reorganized and emerged from bankruptcy (the Merger ). During the period from October 2012 through
November 2013, we were actively involved in the day to day management of Airtronic pending the completion of the Merger. The Merger did
not occur and we ceased involvement with Airtronic. In December 2012 we incorporated GDSI Florida LLC GDSI FL ), a Florida
limited liability company. Except for the payment of administrative expenses on behalf of the Company, GDSI FL has no business operations.
In January 2013, we incorporated Global Digital Solutions, LLC, a Florida limited liability company. In November 2013, we incorporated
GDSI Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation. On June 16, 2014, we acquired North American Custom Specialty Vehicles, LLC, into
GDSI Acquisition Corporation, and changed the latter s name to North American Custom Specialty Vehicles, Inc. NACSV ).
In July 2014, we announced the formation of GDSI International (f/k/a Global Digital Solutions, LLC) to spearhead our efforts overseas. 

In
March of 2019, the Company acquired HarmAlarm HA ). HA was formed in 2002 as a private Texas company to pursue Infrared
commercial applications in the aviation services area. HA has developed a system known as Pilot Assisted Landing Systems (PALS). We believe
the precision and robustness of PALS has generated a host of new applications mainly through landing trajectory optimization
which provides additional safety margin against weather related hazardous conditions, like wind shear, wake turbulence, icing, as well
as low ceilings and fog. The Company had determined that due to a lack of funding it is not able to continue the program and has written
off the investment and recorded a loss of 97,555 at December 31, 2022. 

History
of Business December 31, 2016 to Present 

On
May 13, 2016, as more fully discussed below, we appointed William Delgado as our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chairman
of our Board of Directors. Mr. Delgado was serving at that time as a director and our Executive Vice President in charge of business
development. He served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer from August 2004 to August 2013. Mr. Delgado
began his career with Pacific Telephone in the Outside Plant Construction. He moved to the network engineering group and concluded his
career at Pacific Bell as the Chief Budget Analyst for the Northern California region. Mr. Delgado founded All Star Telecom in late 1991,
specializing in OSP construction and engineering and systems cabling. All Star Telecom was sold to International Fiber Com in April of
1999. After leaving International Fiber Com in 2002, Mr. Delgado became President/CEO of Pacific Comtel in San Diego, California. After
he acquired Pacific Comtel in 2004, he became part of our management and held the positions of Director, CEO, President, and CFO. 

- 2 - 

Events
Since December 31, 2016: 

The
following events have occurred since December 31, 2016: 

Share
Purchase and Sale Agreement for Acquisition of Grupo Rontan Electro Metalurgica, S.A. 

Effective
October 13, 2015, the Company (as Purchaser entered into the SPSA dated October 8, 2015 with Joao Alberto Bolzan and Jose
Carlos Bolzan, both Brazilian residents (collectively, the Sellers ), and Grupo Rontan Electro Metalurgica, S.A., a limited
liability company duly organized and existing under the laws of Federative Republic of Brazil Rontan (collectively, the
 Parties ), pursuant to which the Sellers agreed to sell 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Rontan to the Purchaser
on the closing date (the Rontan Transaction ). 

The
purchase price consisted of a cash amount, a stock amount and an earn-out amount as follows: (i) Brazilian Real R 100
million (approximately US 26 million) to be paid by the Purchaser in equal monthly installments over a period of forty eight (48) months
following the closing date; (ii) an aggregate of R 100 million (approximately US 26 million) in shares of the Purchaser s common
stock, valued at US 1.00 per share; and (iii) an earn-out payable within ten business days following receipt by the Purchaser of Rontan s
audited financial statements for the 12-months ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019. The earn-out shall be equal to the product of
(i) Rontan s earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA for the last 12 months, and
(ii) twenty percent and is contingent upon Rontan s EBITDA results for any earn-out period being at least 125 of Rontan s
EBITDA for the 12-months ended December 31, 2015. It is the intention of the parties that the stock amount will be used by Rontan to
repay institutional debt outstanding as of the closing date. 

Under
the terms of a finder s fee Agreement dated April 14, 2014, we have agreed to pay RLT Consulting, Inc., a related party, a fee
of 2 (two percent) of the transaction value, as defined in the agreement, of Rontan upon closing. The fee is payable one half in cash
and one half in shares of our common stock. Specific conditions to closing include, but are not limited to: 

a) 
 Purchaser s
 receipt of written limited assurance of an unqualified opinion with respect to Rontan s audited financial statements for the
 years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014 (the Opinion 

b) 
 The
 commitment of sufficient investment by General American Capital Partners LLC (the Institutional Investor ), in the Purchaser
 following receipt of the Opinion; 

c) 
 The
 accuracy of each party s representations and warranties contained in the SPSA; 

d) 
 The
 continued operation of Rontan s business in the ordinary course; 

e) 
 The
 maintenance of all of Rontan s bank credit lines in the maximum amount of R 200 million (approximately US 52 million) under
 the same terms and conditions originally agreed with any such financial institutions, and the maintenance of all other types of funding
 arrangements. As of the date of the SPSA, Rontan s financial institution debt consists of not more than R 200 million (approximately
 US 52 million), trade debt of not more than R 50 million (approximately US 13 million), and other fiscal contingencies of not more
 that R 95 million (approximately US 24.7 million); 

f) 
 Rontan
 shall enter into employment or consulting service agreements with key employees and advisors identified by the Purchaser, including
 Rontan s Chief Executive Officer; and 

g) 
 The
 Sellers continued guarantee of Rontan s bank debt for a period of 90 days following issuance of the opinion. 

The
Institutional Investor has committed to invest sufficient capital to facilitate the transaction, subject to receipt of the Opinion, among
other conditions. Subject to satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent provided for in the SPSA, the closing date of the transaction
shall take place within 10 business days from the date of issuance of the Opinion. Rontan is engaged in the manufacture and distribution
of specialty vehicles and acoustic/visual signaling equipment for the industrial and automotive markets. 

On
April 1, 2016, we believed that we had satisfied or otherwise waived the conditions to closing (as disclosed under the SPSA, the closing
was subject to specific conditions, which were waivable by us), and on April 1, 2016, we advised the Sellers of our intention to close
the SPSA and demanded delivery of the Rontan Securities. The Sellers, however, notified us that they intend to terminate the SPSA. We
believe that the Sellers had no right to terminate the SPSA and that notice of termination by the Sellers was not permitted under the
terms of the SPSA. 

The
Company has been in litigation concerning Rontan Metallurgica in Sao Paulo, Brazil and has been awarded a default judgment regarding
the acquisition of the company. The company is currently awaiting final damages in the case. 

- 3 - 

Liquidity 

Our
cash position is critically deficient, and payments essential to our ability to operate are not being made in the ordinary course. Failure
to raise capital to fund our operations and failure to generate positive cash flow to fund such operations in the future will have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Business
Strategy 

Competition 

The
Company is and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with, and acquisitions
of other entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities, including venture capital firms, private equity firms, and
family offices, are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for the Company. Nearly all
such entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise, and managerial capabilities than the Company, and,
consequently, the Company will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. Moreover, the Company will also compete in seeking merger or acquisition candidates with numerous other small
public companies. 

- 4 - 

Research
and Development 

We
have not incurred any research and development expense. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
currently do not have any intellectual property. 

Government
Approvals and Regulations 

We
do not expect to encounter any significant governmental approval or regulation issues, as we do not intend to monopolize any target business
areas. We do expect to be subject to the traditional government regulation related to business licenses, foreign corporation rules, etc. 

Subsidiaries 

We
currently have two subsidiaries including GDSI Florida, LLC, North American Custom Specialty Vehicles, Inc. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had two full-time employees, William Delgado and Jerome Gomolski, and 0 part-time employees. We intend to hire
additional staff and to engage consultants in general administration on an as-needed basis. We also intend to engage experts in operations,
finance, and general business to advise us in various capacities. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement,
and we believe our relationship with our employees is good to excellent. 

Our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified technical, marketing, and
management personnel and, as of the end of the period covered by this report and as of the date of filing, we continue to rely on the
services of independent contractors for much of our sales/marketing. We believe technical, accounting, and other functions are also critical
to our continued and future success. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in our public filings before
making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated into this document that are
not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. If any of the following events described
in these risk factors actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the
trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Moreover, additional risks not currently
known to us or that we currently deem less significant may also impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations, perhaps
materially. For additional information regarding risk factors, see Item 1 Forward-Looking Statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
have not generated any profit from combined operations since our inception. We expect that our operating expenses will increase over
the next twelve months to continue our development activities. Based on our average monthly expenses and current burn rate of 20,032
per month, we estimate that our cash on hand will not be able to support our operations through the balance of this calendar year. This
amount could increase if we encounter difficulties that we cannot anticipate at this time or if we acquire other businesses. On February
2, 2018, we announced that we had secured 1.2 million in a non-convertible financing from a New York-based institution. The agreement
was amended on December 12, 2020, and the Company received an additional 650,000 of funding from the same New York-based institution.
Should this amount not be sufficient to support our continuing operations, we do not expect to be able to raise any additional capital
through debt financing from traditional lending sources since we are not currently generating a profit from operations. Therefore, we
only expect to raise money through equity financing via the sale of our common stock or equity-linked securities such as convertible
debt. If we cannot raise the money that we need to continue to operate our business beyond the period indicated above, we will be forced
to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our proposed operations. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk
that our business would fail. If we are unsuccessful in raising additional financing, we may need to curtail, discontinue, or cease operations. 

- 5 - 

We
have limited operating history with our operating subsidiary, and as a result, we may experience losses and cannot assure you that we
will be profitable. 

We
have a limited operating history with our single operating subsidiary, NACSV, on which to evaluate our business. Our operations are subject
to all of the risks inherent in the establishment and expansion of a business enterprise. Accordingly, the likelihood of our success
must be considered in the light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection
with the starting and expansion of a business and the relatively competitive environment in which we operate. Unanticipated delays, expenses,
and other problems such as setbacks in product development, product manufacturing, and market acceptance are frequently encountered in
establishing a business such as ours. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in addressing such risks, and any
failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Because
of our limited operating history with our operating subsidiary, we have limited historical financial data on which to base planned operating
expenses. Accordingly, our expense levels, which are, to a large extent, variable, will be based in part on our expectations of future
revenues. As a result of the variable nature of many of our expenses, we may be unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate
for any unexpected delays in the development and marketing of our products or any subsequent revenue shortfall. Any such delays or shortfalls
will have an immediate adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
have not achieved profitability on a quarterly or annual basis to date. To the extent that net revenue does not grow at anticipated rates
or that increases in our operating expenses precede or are not subsequently followed by commensurate increases in net revenue, or that
we are unable to adjust operating expense levels accordingly, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be materially
and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that our operating losses will not increase in the future or that we will ever achieve
or sustain profitability. 

No
Assurance of Sustainable Revenues. 

There
can be no assurance that our subsidiaries will generate sufficient and sustainable revenues to enable us to operate at profitable levels
or to generate positive cash flow. As a result of our limited operating history and the nature of the markets in which we compete, we
may not be able to accurately predict our revenues. Any failure by us to accurately make such predictions could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Further, our current and future expense levels are based largely
on our investment plans and estimates of future revenues. We expect operating results to fluctuate significantly in the future as a result
of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Factors that may adversely affect our operating results include, among
others, demand for our products and services, the budgeting cycles of potential customers, lack of enforcement of or changes in governmental
regulations or laws, the amount and timing of capital expenditures and other costs relating to the expansion of our operations, the introduction
of new or enhanced products and services by us or our competitors, the timing and number of new hires, changes in our pricing policy
or those of our competitors, the mix of our products, increases in the cost of raw materials, technical difficulties with the products,
incurrence of costs relating to future acquisitions, general economic conditions, and market acceptance of our products. As a strategic
response to changes in the competitive environment, we may, from time to time, make certain decisions regarding pricing, service, marketing
or business combinations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any
seasonality is likely to cause quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, and there can be no assurance that such patterns will
not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may be unable to adjust spending
in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected revenue shortfall. 

We
may need to raise additional funds in the future that may not be available on acceptable terms or available at all. 

We
may consider issuing additional debt or equity securities in the future to fund our business plan, for potential investment acquisitions,
or general corporate purposes. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders
may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of our existing
stockholders. If we incur additional debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization, requiring
us to pay additional interest expenses. We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all, in which case, we may not
be able to develop or enhance our products, execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive
pressures. 

While
a major part of our business strategy is to pursue strategic acquisitions, we may not be able to identify businesses for which we can
obtain necessary financing to acquire on acceptable terms, face risks due to additional indebtedness, and our acquisition strategy may
incur significant costs or expose us to substantial risks inherent in the acquired business s operations. 

Our
strategy of pursuing strategic acquisitions may be negatively impacted by several risks, including the following: 

We
 may not successfully identify companies that have complementary product lines or technological competencies or that can diversify
 our revenue or enhance our ability to implement our business strategy; 

We
 may not successfully acquire companies if we fail to obtain financing, if we fail to negotiate the acquisition on acceptable terms,
 or for other related reasons. 

We
 may incur additional expenses due to acquisition due diligence, including legal, accounting, consulting, and other professional fees
 and disbursements. Such additional expenses may be material, will likely not be reimbursed, and would increase the aggregate cost
 of any acquisition. 

- 6 - 

Any
 acquired business will expose us to the acquired company s liabilities and to risks inherent to its industry, and we may not
 be able to ascertain or assess all of the significant risks. 

We
 may require additional financing in connection with any future acquisition, and such financing may adversely impact, or be restricted
 by, our capital structure. 

Achieving
 the anticipated potential benefits of a strategic acquisition will depend in part on the successful integration of the operations,
 administrative infrastructures, and personnel of the acquired company or companies in a timely and efficient manner. Some of the
 challenges involved in such an integration include: (i) demonstrating to the customers of the acquired company that the consolidation
 will not result in adverse changes in quality, customer service standards, or business focus; (ii) preserving important relationships
 of the acquired company; (iii) coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively communicate the expanded capabilities of the
 combined company; and (iv) coordinating the supply chains. 

Any
future acquisitions could disrupt business. 

If
we are successful in consummating acquisitions, those acquisitions could subject us to a number of risks, including that: 

the
 purchase price we pay could significantly deplete our cash reserves or result in dilution to our existing stockholders; 

we
 may find that the acquired company or assets do not improve our customer offerings or market position as planned; 

we
 may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired company; 

key
 personnel and customers of the acquired company may terminate their relationships with the acquired company as a result of the acquisition; 

we
 may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning and financial reporting; 

we
 may assume or be held liable for risks and liabilities as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not discover during
 our due diligence or adequately adjust for in our acquisition arrangements; 

we
 may incur one-time write-offs or restructuring charges in connection with the acquisition; 

we
 may acquire goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to amortization or impairment tests, which could result in future
 charges to earnings; and 

we
 may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated. 

These
factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our
business is at risk if we lose key personnel or are unable to attract and integrate additional skilled personnel. 

The
success of our business depends, in large part, on the skill of our personnel. Accordingly, it is critical that we maintain and continue
to build a highly experienced management team and specialized workforce, including engineers, experts in project management and business
development, and sales professionals. Competition for personnel, particularly those with expertise in the specialty vehicle industry
and, as we expect, in the industries of any future acquisition targets, is high, and identifying candidates with the appropriate qualifications
can be difficult. We may not be able to hire the necessary personnel to implement our business strategy given our anticipated hiring
needs, or we may need to provide higher compensation or more training to our personnel than we currently anticipate. 

In
the event, we are unable to attract, hire and retain the requisite personnel and subcontractors, we may experience delays in growing
our business plan in accordance with project schedules and budgets, which may have an adverse effect on our financial results, harm our
reputation and cause us to curtail our pursuit of new initiatives. Further, any increase in demand for personnel and specialty subcontractors
may result in higher costs, causing us to exceed the budget on a project, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results and harm our relationships with our customers. 

Our
future success is particularly dependent on the vision, skills, experience and effort of our senior management team, including our president
and chief executive officer. If we were to lose the services of our president and chief executive officer or any of our key employees,
our ability to effectively manage our operations and implement our strategy could be harmed and our business may suffer. 

- 7 - 

We
may not be able to protect intellectual property that we hope to acquire, which could adversely affect our business. 

The
companies that we hope to acquire may rely on patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright protection to protect their technology.
We believe that technological leadership can be achieved through additional factors such as the technological and creative skills of
our personnel, new product developments, frequent product enhancements, name recognition, and reliable product maintenance. Nevertheless,
our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our ability to develop and maintain proprietary aspects of our technology, such
as patents. We may not secure future patents; and patents that we may secure may become invalid or may not provide meaningful protection
for our product innovations. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same
extent as the United States. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that competitors will not independently develop similar products,
 reverse engineer our products, or, if patents are issued to us, design around such patents. We also expect to rely upon
a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws to protect our proprietary rights by entering
into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, and vendors, and by controlling access to and distribution of our technology,
documentation, and other proprietary information. There can be no assurance, however, that the steps to be taken by us will not be challenged,
invalidated, or circumvented, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide a competitive advantage to us. Any such circumstance
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we are not currently engaged
in any intellectual property litigation or proceedings, there can be no assurance that we will not become so involved in the future or
that our products do not infringe any intellectual property or other proprietary right of any third party. Such litigation could result
in substantial costs, the diversion of resources and personnel, and significant liabilities to third parties, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
may not be able to protect our trade names and domain names. 

We
may not be able to protect our trade names and domain names against all infringers, which could decrease the value of our brand name
and proprietary rights. We currently hold the Internet domain names www.gdsi.co and www.nacsvehicles.com, 
and we use GDSI and NACS Vehicles as trade names. Domain names generally are regulated by Internet regulatory
bodies are subject to change, and in some cases, may be superseded, in some cases by laws, rules and regulations governing the registration
of trade names and trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office as well as ascertain other common law rights. If the
domain registrars are changed, if new ones are created, or if we are deemed to be infringing upon another s trade name or trademark,
we may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring or using, as the case may be, our domain name, trade names or trademarks, which
could adversely affect our brand name and other proprietary rights. 

We
may be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses not covered by insurance that could reduce our earnings and cash flows. 

Our
business, profitability, and growth prospects could suffer if we pay damages or defense costs in connection with a liability claim that
is outside the scope of any applicable insurance coverage. We intend to maintain, but do not yet have, general and product liability
insurance. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain insurance in amounts, or for a price, that will permit us to purchase
desired amounts of insurance. Additionally, if our costs of insurance and claims increase, then our earnings could decline. Further,
market rates for insurance premiums and deductibles have been steadily increasing, which may prevent us from being adequately insured.
A product liability or negligence action in excess of insurance coverage could harm our profitability and liquidity. 

Insurance
and contractual protections may not always cover lost revenue. 

We
possess insurance and warranties from suppliers, and our subcontractors make contractual obligations to meet certain performance levels.
We also attempt, where feasible, to pass risks we cannot control to our customers. The proceeds of such insurance, warranties, performance
guarantees, and risk-sharing arrangements may not be adequate to cover lost revenue, increased expenses, or liquidated damages payments
that may be required in the future. 

We
currently carry customary insurance for business liability. For our work as a general contractor, we carry workers comp insurance for
our employees, and we have performance bonding insurance. Certain losses of a catastrophic nature, such as from floods, tornadoes, thunderstorms,
and earthquakes, are uninsurable or not economically insurable. Such Acts of God, work stoppages, regulatory actions, or
other causes, could interrupt operations and adversely affect our business. 

We
rely on outside consultants and employees. 

We
will rely on the experience of outside consultants and employees. In the event that one or more of these consultants or employees terminates
employment with the Company, or becomes unavailable, suitable replacements will need to be retained, and there is no assurance that such
employees or consultants could be identified under conditions favorable to us. 

- 8 - 

Our
financial and operating performance is adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic. 

The
recent outbreak of a strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) in the U.S. has had an unfavorable impact on our business operations. Mandatory
closures of businesses imposed by the federal, state, and local governments to control the spread of the virus is disrupting the operations
of our management, business and finance teams. In addition, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected the U.S. economy and financial
markets, which may result in a long-term economic downturn that could negatively affect future performance. The extent to which COVID-19
will impact our business and our consolidated financial results will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted at the time of the filing of this Form 10-K, a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Risks
Related to NACSV s Business 

We
may face strong competition from larger, established companies. 

We
likely will face intense competition from other companies that provide the same or similar custom specialty vehicle manufacturing and
other services that compete with acquired businesses, virtually all of which can be expected to have longer operating histories, greater
name recognition, larger installed customer bases, and significantly more financial resources, R D facilities, and manufacturing
and marketing experience than we have. There can be no assurance that developments by our potential competitors will not render our existing
and future products or services obsolete. In addition, we expect to face competition from new entrants into the custom specialty vehicle
business. As the demand for products and services grows and new markets are exploited, we expect that competition will become more intense,
as current and future competitors begin to offer an increasing number of diversified products and services. We may not have sufficient
resources to maintain our research and development, marketing, sales, and customer support efforts on a competitive basis. Additionally,
we may not be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain a competitive advantage with respect to our products and
services. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer product orders, obsolete technology, and reduced operating margins,
any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to keep up with technological developments, our business could be negatively affected. 

The
markets for our products and services are expected to be characterized by rapid technological change and be highly competitive with respect
to timely innovations. Accordingly, we believe that our ability to succeed in the sale of our products and services will depend significantly
upon the technological quality of our products and services relative to those of our competitors, and upon our ability to continue to
develop and introduce new and enhanced products and services at competitive prices and in a timely and cost-effective manner. In order
to develop such new products and services, we will depend upon close relationships with existing customers and our ability to continue
to develop and introduce new and enhanced products and services at competitive prices and in a timely and cost-effective manner. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and market our products and services successfully or respond effectively to the technological
changes or new product and service offerings of our potential competitors. We may not be able to develop the required technologies, products,
and services on a cost-effective and timely basis, and any inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

We
operate in a highly competitive industry and competitors may compete more effectively. 

The
industries in which we operate are highly competitive, with many companies of varying size and business models, many of which have their
own proprietary technologies, competing for the same business as we do. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories and greater
resources than us, and they could use their substantial financial resources to develop a competing business model, develop products or
services that are more attractive to potential customers than those we offer, or convince our potential customers that they require financing
arrangements that are impractical for smaller companies to offer. Our competitors may also offer similar products and services at prices
below cost, devote significant sales forces to competing with us, or attempt to recruit our key personnel by increasing compensation,
any of which could improve their competitive positions. Any of these competitive factors could make it more difficult for us to attract
and retain customers, cause us to lower our prices in order to compete or reduce our market share and revenue, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. We can provide no assurance that we will continue to compete
effectively against our current competitors or additional companies that may enter our markets. We also expect to encounter competition
from customers who elect to develop solutions or perform services internally rather than engaging an outside provider such as us. 

Operating
results may fluctuate and may fall below expectations in any fiscal quarter. 

Our
operating results are difficult to predict and are expected to fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, many of
which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and
investors should not rely on our past results or on predictions prepared by the Company to determine future performance. If our revenue
or operating results fall in any period, the value of our common stock would likely decline. 

- 9 - 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

Dependence
on financing and losses for the foreseeable future. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has issued its audit opinion on our consolidated financial statements appearing in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including an explanatory paragraph as to substantial doubt with respect to our ability to continue
as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 , 
our net loss was 5,761,061. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 55,110,636, and a working capital deficit of
 16,075,382. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern which is dependent on our
ability to raise the required additional capital or debt financing to meet short- and long-term operating requirements. We may also
encounter business endeavors that require significant cash commitments or unanticipated problems or expenses that could result in a
need for additional cash. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage
ownership of our current shareholders could be reduced, and such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to
our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or available at all. If adequate funds are not
available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective business endeavors or opportunities, which could
significantly and materially restrict our operations. If we are unable to obtain necessary capital, we may have to cease operations.
For additional information, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations Going Concern. 

Dependence
on financing and losses for the foreseeable future 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had current liabilities of 16,076,425 and current assets of 1,043 We had a working capital deficiency of
 16,075,382. 

To
develop and expand our business, we will need to make significant up-front investments in our manufacturing capacity and incur research
and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. In addition, our growth will require a significant investment
in working capital. Our business will require significant amounts of working capital to meet our project requirements and support our
growth. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet these requirements. If adequate funds
are not available or are not available on satisfactory terms, we may be required to significantly curtail our operations and may not
be able to fund our current production requirements, let alone fund expansion, take advantage of unanticipated acquisition opportunities,
develop, or enhance our products, and respond to competitive pressures. Any failure to obtain such additional financing could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Because
we may never have net income from our operations, our business may fail. 

We
have no history of profitability from operations. There can be no assurance that we will ever operate profitably. Our success is significantly
dependent on uncertain events, including successful developing our products, establishing satisfactory manufacturing arrangements and
processes, and distributing and selling our products. If we are unable to generate significant revenues from sales of our products, we
will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. We can provide no assurance that we will generate any revenues or ever achieve
profitability. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will fail, and investors may lose all of their investment
in our Company. 

- 10 - 

We
need to raise additional funds, and such funds may not be available on acceptable terms. 

We
may consider issuing additional debt or equity securities in the future to fund our business plan, for general corporate purposes or
for potential acquisitions or investments. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing
stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those
of our existing stockholders. If we incur additional debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization,
requiring us to pay additional interest expenses. We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, in which case, we may not
be able to develop or enhance our products, execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive
pressures. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Its Market Value 

We
have limited capitalization and may require financing, which may not be available. 

We
have limited capitalization, which increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limits our flexibility
in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and industry, and may place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with
sufficient capitalization. If we are unable to obtain sufficient financing on satisfactory terms and conditions, we will be forced to
curtail or abandon our plans or operations. Our ability to obtain financing will depend upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond
our control. 

A
limited public trading market exists for our common stock, which makes it difficult for our stockholders to sell their common stock on
the public markets. Any trading in our shares may have a significant effect on our stock prices. 

Although
our common stock is listed for quotation on the OTC Marketplace, Pink Tier, under the symbol GDSI, the trading activity
of our common stock is volatile and may not develop or be sustained. As a result, any trading price of our common stock may not be an
accurate indicator of the valuation of our common stock. Any trading in our shares could have a significant effect on our stock price.
If a more liquid public market for our common stock does not develop, then investors may not be able to resell the shares of our common
stock that they have purchased and may lose all of their investment. No assurance can be given that an active market will develop or
that a stockholder will ever be able to liquidate its shares of common stock without considerable delay, if at all. Many brokerage firms
may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to affect a transaction in our
securities, the combination of brokerage commissions, state transfer taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling
price. Furthermore, our stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These
market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates, and international
currency fluctuations, may adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

Our
stock price has undergone a great deal of volatility, including a significant decrease over the past few years. The volatility may mean
that, at times, our stockholders may be unable to resell their shares at or above the price at which they acquired them. 

From
January 1, 2019, through the date of this report, the price per share of our common stock has ranged from a high of 0.020 to a low of
 0.0055. The price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The market
value of our common stock has declined in the past, due in part to our operating performance and to conversions of dilutive debt instruments
that we have issued to fund operations. In the future, broad market and industry factors may decrease the market price of our common
stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Recent declines in the market price of our common stock have and could continue
to affect our access to capital, and may, if they continue, impact our ability to continue operations at the current level. In addition,
any continuation of the recent declines in the price of our common stock may curtail investment opportunities presented to us and negatively
impact other aspects of our business, including our ability to fund our operations. As a result of any such declines, many stockholders
have been or may become unable to resell their shares at or above the price at which they acquired them. 

- 11 - 

The
volatility of the market price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in price in response to numerous factors, many of which are
beyond our control, including the following: 

our
 stock being held by a small number of persons whose sales (or lack of sales) could result in positive or negative pricing pressure
 on the market price for our common stock; 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 

changes
 in our earnings estimates; 

our
 ability to obtain adequate working capital financing; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

publication
 (or lack of publication) of research reports about us; 

changes
 in applicable laws or regulations, court rulings, enforcement, and legal actions; 

loss
 of any strategic relationships; 

additions
 or departures of key management personnel; 

actions
 by our stockholders (including transactions in our shares); 

speculation
 in the press or investment community; 

increases
 in market interest rates, which may increase our cost of capital; 

changes
 in our industry; 

competitive
 pricing pressures; 

our
 ability to execute our business plan; and 

economic
 and other external factors. 

In
addition, the securities markets have from time-to- time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to
the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. 

Our
common stock may never be listed on a national exchange and is subject to being removed from the OTC Pink Marketplace. 

Our
common stock is quoted for trading on the OTC Pink Marketplace OTC Pink ). On December 26, 2017, the Securities and Exchange
Commission instituted public administrative proceedings pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange
Act against the Respondent Global Digital Solutions, Inc. On January 8, 2018, Respondent Global Digital Solutions, Inc. GDSI filed its answer to the allegations contained in the Order Instituting Administrative Proceedings and Notice of Hearing Pursuant to Section
12U - of the Exchange Act. A briefing schedule was entered into and on February 15, 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed
a motion for an order of summary disposition against Respondent GDSI on the grounds that there is no genuine issue with regard to any
material fact, and the Division was entitled as a matter of law to an order revoking each class of GDSI s securities registered
pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Respondent GDSI opposed the Securities and Exchange Commission s motion on the grounds
that there were material issues of fact. The Securities and Exchange Commission replied, and a hearing was held on April 9, 2018. The
Administrative Law Judge ordered supplemental evidence and briefing on the issues of material fact. In the event that we are able to
file the required reports with the SEC to be current under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), we still will be
unable to list our stock on the OTCQB since the price of our stock is below 0.01, and we do not meet the eligibility standards for listing
under the OTCQB per OTC Markets guidelines. Should we continue to fail to satisfy the eligibility standards of OTC Markets for the OTCQB,
the trading price of our common stock could continue to suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our
common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. 

- 12 - 

Our
stock is categorized as a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the SEC s penny stock regulations which may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

Our
stock is categorized as a penny stock , as that term is defined in SEC Rule 3a51-1, which generally provides that a penny
stock , is any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than US 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, including Rule 15g-9, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to
a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared
by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer
also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer
orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s
confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these
rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the
level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny
stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities and reduce the number of potential investors. We believe
that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 

According
to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse.
Such patterns include: (1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter
or issuer; (2) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and through false and misleading press releases;
(3) boiler-room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; (4)
excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities
by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of
those prices and with consequent investor losses. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the future volatility
of our share price. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their noninstitutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. 

To
date, we have not paid any cash dividends, and no cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and we may not have sufficient funds legally available
to pay dividends. Even if the funds are legally available for distribution, we may nevertheless decide not to pay any dividends. We currently
intend to retain all earnings for our operations. 

If
we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately to report our financial results
or prevent financial fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting. 

We
are subject to the risk that sometime in the future our independent registered public accounting firm could communicate to the board
of directors that we have deficiencies in our internal control structure that they consider to be significant deficiencies. 
A significant deficiency is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial
reporting such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the entity s financial statements will
not be prevented or detected by the entity s internal controls. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, we could be subject to regulatory action or other litigation and our operating results could be harmed.
We are required to document and test our internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or SOX ), which requires our management to annually assess the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. 

- 13 - 

We
currently are not an accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 requires us to include an internal control report with our
Annual Report on Form 10-K. That report must include management s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting that we have identified. As of December 31, 2019, the management of the Company assessed the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on SEC guidance on conducting such assessments and on the criteria
for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control and Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Management concluded, during the year ended December 31,
2019, that the Company s internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP
rules. Management realized there were deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company s internal control that adversely
affected the Company s internal controls, which management considers to be material weaknesses. A material weakness in the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting may increase the chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce our ability to obtain
financing, and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For additional information, see Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 

It
may be time-consuming, difficult, and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls, and other finance personnel in order
to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. If we are unable to comply with the internal controls
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, then we may not be able to obtain the independent accountant certifications required by such
act, which may preclude us from keeping our filings with the SEC current. 

If
we are unable to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as those standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time
to time, we may not be able to ensure that we may conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to
face regulatory action and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, either of which could adversely
affect the value of our common stock. 

Because
our current directors, executive officers, and one preferred stockholder beneficially hold 47.5 of our common stock, they can exert
significant control over our business and affairs and have actual or potential interests that may depart from those of subscribers in
our private placements. 

Our
current directors, our executive officers, and 5 or more stockholders beneficially own or control approximately 47.5 of our issued
and outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the holdings of our directors, and executive officers,
and preferred stockholders may increase in the future upon vesting or other maturation of exercise rights under any of the restricted
stock grants, options, or warrants they may hold or in the future be granted, or if they otherwise acquire additional shares of our common
stock. The interests of such persons may differ from the interests of our other stockholders. As a result, in addition to their board
seats and offices, such persons, irrespective of how the Company s other stockholders vote, may have significant influence over
and may control corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the following actions: 

electing
 or defeating the election our directors; 

to
 amending or preventing the amendment of our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws; 

effecting
 or preventing a transaction, sale of assets, or other corporate transaction; and 

controlling
 the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for vote. 

Such
persons stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control
of the Company, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

Our
certificate of incorporation allows our board to create new series of preferred stock without approval by our stockholders, which could
adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors
also has the authority to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the
issuance of a series of preferred stock granting holders a preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend
payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock, and the right to redemption of the shares, together with a
premium prior to the redemption of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of
preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease
the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

- 14 - 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 777 South Flagler Drive, Suite 800 West Tower, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, and our telephone
number is (561) 515-6163. Our executive office is a virtual office and is used for meetings, conferences, and telephone and message support.
On August 19, 2013, we entered into a lease agreement located at such address for a total monthly rental of 299. 

We
own no other real property. 

Our
registered agent is V Stock Transfer, LLC. 18 Lafayette Place Woodmere, New York 11598 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business, and our management cannot predict the ultimate outcome of
these legal proceedings with certainty. The Company is plaintiff or defendant in the following actions: 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

- 15 - 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, Pink No Information Tier, under the symbol GDSI. Set forth below are the range
of high and low bid quotations for the period indicated as reported by the OTC Markets Group www.otcmarkets.com) . The market
quotations reflect interdealer prices, without retail markup, markdown, or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions. 

High 

Low 

March 31, 2023 

0.01705 

0.01 

December 30, 2022 

0.0294 

0.01 

September 30, 2022 

0.0089 

0.05 

June 30, 2022 

0.0152 

0.01 

March 31, 2022 

0.015 

0.01 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is V Stock Transfer, LLC. and is located 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. Their telephone number is (212-828-8436
and their website is www. V Stock Transfer.com 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 212 shareholders of record of our common stock. As of such date 800,543,896 shares were issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to increase
our working capital and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

For
information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Item 11. Executive Compensation 
below. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
Company did not sell any common stock in 2021, and 2022. 

- 16 - 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

We
did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Use
of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP Financial Measures 

We
use United States GAAP financial measures in the section of this report captioned Management s Discussion and Analysis or
Plan of Operation (MD A), unless otherwise noted. All of the GAAP financial measures used by us in this report relate to the
inclusion of financial information. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the
notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report. All references to dollar amounts in this section are in United States dollars,
unless expressly stated otherwise. Please see Item 1A [Missing Graphic Reference] Risk Factors for a list of our risk factors. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

A
comparison of the Company s operating results for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, are as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Global
 Digital 
 Solutions, Inc 

Totals 

Revenue 

Cost
 of Sales 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating
 Expenses 

427,132 

427,132 

Operating
 Income (Loss) 

(427,132) 

(427,132) 
 
 Other
 Income (Expenses) 

(5,333,929) 

(4,602,429) 
 
 Income
 (Loss) Before Tax 

(5,761,061) 

(5,029,561) 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Global Digital Solutions, Inc 
 
 Totals 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of Sales 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 
 2,240,437 
 
 2,240,437 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 (2,240,437 
 
 (2,240,437 
 
 Other Income (Expenses) 
 4,451,746 
 
 4,451,746 
 
 Income (Loss) Before Tax 
 2,211,309 
 
 2,211,309 

- 17 - 

The
variances between fiscal years ending December 31, 2022, and 2021, are as follows: 

Global
 Digital 
 Solutions, Inc 

Totals 

Revenue 

Cost
 of Sales 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating
 Expenses 

1,813,305 

1,813,305 

Operating
 Income (Loss) 

(1,813,305) 

1,813,305 

Other
 Income (Expenses) 

(9,785,675) 

(9,785,675) 
 
 Income
 (Loss) Before Tax 

(7,972,370) 

(7,972,370) 

Operating
Loss 

Loss
from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 427,132 and 2,240,437 respectively. The decrease in operating
loss is due to decrease in Selling and Administrative costs. 

Liquidity,
Financial Condition and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 1,043 on hand and a working capital deficiency of 16,075,382 compared to cash on hand of 98,800
and a working capital deficiency of 11,158,772 as of December 31, 2021. 

The
decrease in working capital is mainly due to the overall reduction in our business activities and lack of outside funding. 

Note
Financing 

On
January 26, 2015, the Company agreed to a 250,000 principal (and a 25,000 original discount amount) Convertible Note with JMJ Financial JMJ ). The Note matures on January 26, 2017, unless earlier converted pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Note. The
Note bears interest at 0 if repaid in the first 90 days and then a one-time interest charge of 12 applied on the principal sum. The
outstanding principal and interest under the Note is convertible, solely upon an Event of Default (as defined in the Note), at the option
of the Holder of the Note into shares of the Company s common stock as set forth in the Note. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, in settlement of the default, we entered into a Repayment Agreement with JMJ Financial. The Company
agreed to repay the balance as follows by wire: 

12,500
 within five business days of the Issuer securing funding, provided that such payment shall be made on January 31, 2018. 

12,500
 within 45 days after the first payment. 

12,500
 within 45 days after the second payment. 

47,014
 within 30 days after the third payment. 

A
total of 25,000 has been paid through the date of this filing. The first payment of 12,500 was made on February 14, 2018, and the
second payment of 12,500 was made on May 17, 2018. No payments have been made since then. The outstanding principal balance at
December 31, 2022 and through the date of this report was, 59,514. 

On
January 16, 2015, the Company agreed to a 78,750 principal Convertible Redeemable Note with LG Capital Funding, LLC LG Capital ).
The Note matures on January 16, 2016, unless earlier converted pursuant to the terms of the Convertible Note. The Note bears interest
at 8 per annum. The outstanding principal and interest under the Note is convertible, solely upon an Event of Default (as defined in
the Note), at the option of the Holder of the Note into shares of the Company s common stock as set forth in the Note. On December
12, 2017, the Company entered into a redemption agreement with LG Capital Funding, LLC, to repay the outstanding balance. The outstanding
principal balance at December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report was, 48,610. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, in settlement of the default, we entered into a Convertible Note Redemption Agreement with LG Capital
Funding, LLC. The Company is to wire redemption payment as follows: 

6,500
 by December 29, 2017 (paid on January 2, 2018) 

6,500
 by January 31, 2018 (paid on March 5, 2019) 

6,500
 by February 28, 2018 (paid on March 5, 2019) 

25,000
 by March 30, 2018 

The
 remaining balance by April 30, 2018 

A
total of 19,500 has been paid at the date of this filing, with the remaining scheduled payments not yet made. 

- 18 - 

On
December 22, 2017, the Company entered into a financing agreement with an accredited investor for 1.2 million amended on December 10,
2019, and increased to 1,850,000. 

Under
the terms of the agreement, the Company is to receive milestone payments based on the progress of the Company s lawsuit for damages
against Grupo Rontan Metalurgica, S.A (the Lawsuit ). Such milestone payments consist of (i) an initial purchase price payment
of 300,000, which the Company received on December 22, 2017 (ii) 150,000 within 30 days of the Lawsuit surviving a motion to dismiss
on the primary claims; (iii) 100,000 within 30 days of the close of all discovery in the Lawsuit; and (iv) 650,000 within 30 days of
the Lawsuit surviving a motion for summary judgment and challenges on the primary claims. As part of the agreement, the Company shall
pay the investor an investment return of 100 of the litigation proceeds to recoup all money invested, plus 27.5 of the total litigation
proceeds received by the Company. As of December 31, 2021, and through the date of this report 2,550,000 remains outstanding. 

On
December 23, 2017, the Company entered into a 485,000 Demand Promissory Note with Vox Business Trust, LLC (the Purchaser ).
The note was in settlement of the amounts accrued under a consulting agreement (Note 7), including 200,000 owed for retainer payments
through December 2017 and 285,000 owed to the Purchaser when the Resolution Progress Funding was met on December 22, 2017. As part of
the agreement, the Purchaser may not demand payment prior to the date of the Resolution Funding Date. The Company also agreed to grant
5,000,000 shares within 90 days of the Resolution Progress Funding Date and 10,000,000 shares within 90 days of the Resolution Funding
Date. The 5,000,000 shares were issued on March 13, 2018. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report 861,500 of the
Demand Promissory note remains outstanding. 

On
December 26, 2017, the Company entered into a 485,000 Demand Promissory Note with RLT Consulting, Inc (the Purchaser ).
The note was in settlement of the amounts accrued under a consulting agreement (Note 7), including 200,000 owed for retainer payments
through December 2017, and 285,000 owed to the Purchaser when the Resolution Progress Funding was met on December 22, 2017. As part
of the agreement, the Purchaser may not demand payment prior to the date of the Resolution Funding Date. The Company also agreed to grant
5,000,000 shares within 90 days of the Resolution Progress Funding Date and 10,000,000 shares within 90 days of the Resolution Funding
Date. The 5,000,000 shares were issued on March 13, 2018 (along with an additional 4,000,000 for further services). As of December 31,
2022, and through the date of this report 861,500 of the Demand Promissory note remains outstanding. 

On
May 15, 2018, the Company entered into an Investment Return Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the Purchaser for proceeds of 200,000 (the Investment Agreement ). Under the terms of the Investment Agreement, the Company agreed to
pay the Purchaser the 200,000 proceeds plus a 10 return, or 20,000 (the Investment Return within three (3) months from
the date of the Investment Agreement. The Investment Return is being recognized as interest expense over the three months. Such Investment
Return shall be paid earlier if the Company secures funding totaling 500,000 within 90 days from the date of the Investment Agreement.
In addition, the Company agreed to issue to the Purchaser 2,000,000 warrants to purchase common stock of the Company at an exercise price
of 0.01 per share, exercisable for a period of three (3) years. The warrants were valued using the Black Scholes Merton model, resulting
in a fair value of 13,000. The key valuation assumptions used consist, in part, of the price of the Company s common stock of
 0.007 at issuance date; a risk-free interest rate of 2.75 and expected volatility of the Company s common stock, of 274.39 ,
Due to the short-term nature of the Investment Agreement, the warrant fair value was immediately expensed as a financing cost. As of
December 31, 2022, the Investment Return has not been paid to the Purchaser, and 200,000 is outstanding. 

- 19 - 

Notes
Payable 

On
May 12, 2020, the Company and BBVA USA entered into a 1 SBA PPP, Promissory Note, in the aggregate principal of 103,125. The note is
payable in monthly payments of 5,805 beginning on December 12, 2020, ending on May 12, 2022. The Company has requested a debt forgiveness
from the SBA and is waiting for a response. BBVA USA has waived the monthly repayment requirement until the SBA responds. 

On
August 31, 2017, the Company entered into a 20,000 6 promissory note with an individual. The note is due on February 15, 2018. Upon
default, the interest rate increases to 18 until the principal is fully repaid. 

On
May 1, 2018, the Company entered into a 36,000 promissory note with an individual with 5,000 original issue discount for net proceeds
of 31,000. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report the outstanding balance of the demand Promissory note is 11,000.

On
June 1, 2018, the Company entered into a 300,000 non-convertible note with an accredited investor with 150,000 original issue discount OID for net proceeds of 150,000. As part of the note agreement, the Company also agreed to issue the investor 5,000,000
warrants at an exercise price of 0.01, exercisable for a period of three (3) years. The warrants were valued using the Black Scholes
Merton model, resulting in a relative fair value after allocation of 28,378. The key valuation assumptions used consist, in part, of
the price of the Company s common stock of 0.007 at issuance date; a risk-free interest rate of 2.62 and expected volatility
of the Company s common stock, of 275.26 , The relative fair value of the warrants as well as the OID have been classified as a
debt discount to be amortized over the life of the note using the effective interest method. Payments of 100,000 were made on May 31,
2019, and June 24, 2019. The final payment of 100,000 was made on March 10, 2021 

Securities
Purchase Agreement/Convertible Notes 

On
May 10, 2019, the Company and GHS Investments LLC entered into a security agreement for a 10 Convertible Note in the aggregate principal
of 335,000 due on February 10, 2020. The note carries original issue discount or 35,000. The note is convertible into shares of common
stock of the Company. The Conversion Price shall mean 60 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein), representing
a discount rate of 40 . Market Price means the lowest Traded Price for the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Trading
Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The Company is required to maintain a common share
reserve of not less than three times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the note. The purchaser will
also receive warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of GDSI common stock at .01/share. Warrants will have a three-year term to exercise.
The Convertible Note is personally guaranteed by William Delgado, CEO. 

The
note was extended by the lender on October 21, 2021. The principal balance owed as of December 31, 2020, was 608,760. On June 11, 2021,
interest on the note in the amount of 115,200.00 was converted into 8,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The outstanding
balance as of October 21, 2021, of 737,597, was converted into 25,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The lender also
received the 5,000,000 warrants mentioned in the above paragraph. 

- 20 - 

Convertible
Promissory Note 

On
April 7, 2020, The Company entered into a convertible promissory note arrangement with Actus Fund, LLC in the principal amount of 197,000.
The principal amount of the note with interest at 12 is due on February 7, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of The Company s
common stock. The conversion price shall equal the lessor of (i) Current Market price or (ii) Variable Market price as defined as Market
Price less a 50 discount price. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the principal balance Totaling 197,000
is outstanding. 

On
May 20, 2020, the Company and GS Capital Partners, LLC entered into a 10 Convertible Note in the aggregate principal of 165,000 due
on February 20, 2021. The note can be converted into shares of common stock of the Company. at any time after the issue date, at a price
of 0.01 per share. GS Capital made the following conversion in 2021. On January 21, 2021 converted 26,678 of principal and interest
for 2,667808 shares, On March 9, 2021, converted 27,007 of principal and interest for 2,700,685 shares. The outstanding balance of 115,000
was paid off by the Company on March 10, 2021. 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company and GS Capital Partners LLC entered into a security purchase agreement for a Prime rate plus 8 Convertible
Note in the aggregate principal of 2,285,714. The note shall be paid in one or more tranches. The maturity for each tranche shall be
twelve-month period from advance date. The holder has the right at any time to convert all or any part of the outstanding principal into
shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price shall be a fixed conversion price of 0.06, which upon a default event, shall
be equal to the lesser of (i) the fixed conversion price; (ii) or 70 of the lowest intraday price during the 21 days preceding the conversion
request. On April 1, 2021, the Company received the first tranche of 1,000,000. Upon the receipt of the first tranche, the Company issued
20,000,000 warrants, exercisable at 0.10, with a 10-year term and contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection provisions, with a fair
value of 917,000. The Company also issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock as commitment shares to the noteholder, with a fair value
of 184,000. On May 24, 2021, the Company received the second tranche from GS Capital Partners LLC, for 796,000 less an OID of
 99,500. On May 24, 2021, the Company received the balance of the second tranche for 346,857 less an OID of 48,357. 

On
November 23, 2021, and December 17, 2021, GS Capital Partners converted 14,020 and 30,762 of principal and interest for 1,164,519 and
3,076,168 shares of the Company s Common Stock. As of December 31, 2021, and through the date of this report, the principal balance
totaling 2,244,846 is outstanding. 

On
November 23, 2021, and December 17, 2021, GS Capital Partners converted 14,020 and 30,762 of principal and interest for 1,164,519 and
3,076,168 shares of the Company s Common Stock . 

In
2022, GS Capital Partners converted 113,750 and 13,491 of principal and interest for 12,825,461 shares of the Company s Common
Stock. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling 2,141,632 is outstanding. 

- 21 - 

On
June 29, 2020, the Company and Power Up Lending Group entered into a security purchase agreement for a 10 Convertible Note in the aggregate
principal of 53,000 due on June 29, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price is
equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 61 of the Market Price for the lowest two trading dates during a fifteen-day
trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion date. The note was paid off by a related party on January
21, 2021. 

On
August 25, 2020, the Company and Power Up Lending Group entered into a security purchase agreement for a 10 Convertible Note in the
aggregate principal of 103,000 due on August 25, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion
price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 61 of the Market Price for the lowest two trading dates during a
fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion date. The note was paid off by the CEO
of the Company on February 24, 2021. 

On
October 6, 2020, the Company and Power Up Lending Group entered into a security purchase agreement for a 10 Convertible Note in the
aggregate principal of 75,000 due on August 25, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion
price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 61 of the Market Price for the lowest two trading dates during a
fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion date. The note was paid off by the Company
on April 8, 2021. 

On
December 10, 2021, the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC, entered into a security purchase agreement for a 8 Convertible Note in
the aggregate principal of 128,750, due on December 10, 2022. The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The
conversion price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 65 of the Market Price for the lowest two trading dates
during a fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion date. As of December 31, 2021,
and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling 128,750.00 is outstanding. 

On
June 7, 2021, the Company and Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., entered into a security purchase agreement SPA for an
8 promissory note in the aggregate principal of 251,625, with a maturity date of June 7, 2022. The note included a original issuance
discount OID of 22,875, for a purchase price of 228,750. The interest was applied as a one - time interest charge upon
the issuance date, in the amount of 20,130, recognized in accrued interest. The monthly payments will include the outstanding principal
and accrued interest, in 10 monthly payments of 27,175, with the first payment on July 30, 2021. Upon an event of default, as set forth
in the agreement, the holder shall have the right to convert the outstanding balance of the note into shares of common stock of the Company,
with a conversion rate based on 75 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 5 trading days prior to the conversion date.
In addition, upon default, the interest increases to 22 , and any outstanding principal and accrued interest shall be increased by 150 .
The Company is required at have authorized and reserved four times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion
of the note, which was initially 29,494,505 shares. While the note is still outstanding the Company shall not, without written consent
of the holder, issue any variable convertible instruments with a convertible price that varies with the market price of the Company s
common stock, nor shall the Company without the holder s written consent, sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of any significant portion
of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. In connection with the note, the Company issued 2,096,875 warrants, exercisable
each at 03, with a 3-year term. The note was paid off by the Company on March 25, 2022. 

- 22 - 

On
February 25, 2021, the Company and Leonite Capital LLC entered into a securities purchase agreement for a prime rate plus 8 convertible
note in the aggregate principal of 2,285,714. The note shall be paid in one or more tranches. The maturity for each tranche shall be
twelve-month period from advance date. The holder has the right at any time to convert all or any part of the outstanding principal into
shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price shall be a fixed conversion price of 0.06, which upon a default event, shall
be equal to the lesser of (i) the fixed conversion price; (ii) or 70 of the lowest intraday price during the 21 days preceding the conversion
request. 

On
March 1, 2021, the Company received the first tranche of 1,000,000 from Leonite Capital LLC. In connection with the note, the Company
issued 20,000,000 warrants, exercisable at 0.10, with a 10-year term and contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection provisions, with
a fair value of 507,000. The Company also issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock as commitment shares to the noteholder, with a fair
value of 204,000. The warrants and the commitment shares resulted in a debt discount of 1,000,000, which will be amortized using the
effective interest method over the life of the convertible note, and the excess of 101,000 recognized as interest expense at issuance.
The warrants were evaluated to be classified as a liability, as based on the various convertible notes outstanding with variable conversion
rates it cannot be determined if there are sufficient authorized shares available during the contract period. 

In
2022, Leonite Capital, LLC converted 454,546 of principal for 45,454,577 shares of the Company s Common Stock. As of December
31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling 970,111 is outstanding. 

On February 3, 2022, the Company and Sixth Street Lending Group entered into a security purchase agreement for a 8 
Convertible Note in the aggregate principal of 103,750 due on February 3, 2023. The note is convertible into shares of common
stock of the Company beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date on this note and ending on
later of the Maturity date and the date of payment of the Default mount. The conversion price is equal to the Variable Conversion
price which is defined as 65 of the Market Price for the lowest two trading dates during a fifteen-day trading period ending on the
latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion date. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report,
the principal balance Totaling 131,096 is outstanding. 

On
March 25, 2022, the Company and Sixth Street Lending Group entered into a security purchase agreement f Convertible Note in
the aggregate principal of 258,638.00 due on March 25, 2023. A one-time interest charge of 12 , 31,036.500, shall be added to the
principal amount due. The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company beginning on the date which is one hundred
eighty (180) days following the date on this note and ending on later of the Maturity date and the date of payment of the Default
mount. The conversion price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 75 of the Market Price during the ten, 10
days trading days prior to the Conversion date. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the
principal balance of 256,219 and interest of 24,823.60 is outstanding. 

On
June 14,2022, the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, entered into a security purchase agreement for a 8 Convertible Note in
the aggregate principal of 128,750, due on June 14, 2023 The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company beginning
on the date which is one hundred eighty (180) days following the date on this note and ending on later of the Maturity date and the date
of payment of the Default mount. The conversion price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 65 of the Market
Price for the lowest two trading dates during a fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion
date. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling 162,685 is outstanding. 

Going
Concern 

The
audited consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K have been prepared on the assumption that the
Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has accumulated losses from inception through the period ended December 31, 2022,
of 55,110,636 as well as negative cash flows from operating activities. Furthermore, as of the date of this filing, the Company does
not have sufficient cash resources to achieve its goals through December 31, 2023. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to obtain any additional financing required
and ultimately to attain profitability. If the Company raises additional funds through the issuance of equity, the percentage ownership
of current shareholders could be reduced, and such securities might have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights, preferences,
and privileges of the Company s common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms. If adequate funds
are not available on acceptable terms, the Company may not be able to take advantage of prospective business endeavors or opportunities,
which could significantly and materially restrict its future plans for developing its business and achieving commercial revenues. If
the Company is unable to obtain necessary capital, the Company may have to cease operations. 

Working
Capital Deficiency 

December
 31, 

December
 31, 

2022 

2021 

Current
 Assets 

1,043 

98,800 

Current
 Liabilities 

16,076,425 

11,257,572 

Working
 Capital 

(16,075,382) 

(11,128,449) 

The
decrease in current assets from 2021 to 2022 is due to an Increase in cash provided by financing activities. The increase in current
liabilities is mainly due to increases in Convertible Notes Payable and Notes Payable during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

- 23 - 

Cash
Flow 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (523,125 
 (2,639,564 
 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 (138,917 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 564,285 
 2,738,100 
 
 Increase(decrease) in cash 
 (97,757 
 98,536 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 523,125 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash used during the year ended December 31, 2022,
was primarily due to the net loss of 5,761,061 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 2,639,564 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash provided during the year ended December 31,
2021, was 98,536 was primarily due to the cash provided by financing activities of 2,738,100. 

Investing
Activities 

For the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, there was 138,917 and 0.00 of cash used for investing activities. 

Financing
Activities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was and 2,738,100 respectively.
Cash provided by financing activities was due to the proceeds from convertible payable and notes payable. 

Future
Financing 

We
will require additional funds to implement our growth strategy for our business. In addition, while we have received capital from various
private placements of equity and convertible debt that have enabled us to fund our operations, additional funds will be needed for further
business development. 

- 24 - 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that
are material to stockholders. 

Effects
of Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our business, revenues, or operating results during the periods presented. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are more fully described in the notes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe that the accounting policies below are critical for one to fully understand and
evaluate our financial condition and results of operations. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

- 25 - 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
information called for by Item 8 is included following the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 contained in this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our sole executive officer,
William Delgado, who is our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), of the effectiveness of the design of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2019 pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive and Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports
that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. This conclusion is based on findings that constituted material weaknesses. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of the Company s interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, which currently consists of
William Delgado serving as our Chief Executive Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on criteria established in the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO - 2013) and SEC guidance on conducting such
assessments. Our management concluded, as of December 31, 2022, that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective.
Management realized there were deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company s internal control that adversely affected
the Company s internal controls which management considers to be material weaknesses. 

In
performing the above-referenced assessment, management had concluded that as of December 31, 2022, there were deficiencies in the design
or operation of our internal control that adversely affected our internal controls, which management considers to be material weaknesses,
including those described below: 

(i) Lack
of Formal Policies and Procedures . We use a third-party independent contractor for the preparation of our financial statements. Although
the financial statements and footnotes are reviewed by our management, we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting
transactions and the accounting treatment of such transactions. The third-party independent contractor is not involved in the day-to-day
operations of the Company and may not be provided information to management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration
of certain transactions. 

(ii) Audit
Committee and Financial Expert . We do not have a formal audit committee with a financial expert, and thus we lack the board oversight
role within the financial reporting process. 

(iii) Insufficient
Resources . We have insufficient quantity of dedicated resources and experienced personnel involved in reviewing and designing internal
controls. As a result, a material misstatement of the interim and annual financial statements could occur and not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

(iv) Entity-Level
Risk Assessment . We did not perform an entity level risk assessment to evaluate the implication of relevant risks on financial reporting,
including the impact of potential fraud related risks and the risks related to non-routine transactions, if any, on internal control
over financial reporting. Lack of an entity-level risk assessment constituted an internal control design deficiency which resulted in
more than a remote likelihood that a material error would not have been prevented or detected and constituted a material weakness. 

- 26 - 

Our
management feels the weaknesses identified above have not had any material effect on our financial results. However, we are currently
reviewing our disclosure controls and procedures related to these material weaknesses and expect to implement changes in the near term
as resources permit, including identifying specific areas within our governance, accounting, and financial reporting processes to add
adequate resources to potentially mitigate these material weaknesses. 

Our
management will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls
over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements,
as necessary and as funds allow. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. We believe that a control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within any company have been detected. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

The
information required by this section is disclosed in Part II, Item 5. 

- 27 - 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set
forth below are the directors and executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2022 Except as set forth below, there are no other
persons who have been nominated or chosen to become directors, nor are there any other persons who have been chosen to become executive
officers. Other than as set forth below, there are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors, officers and other
persons pursuant to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. 

Name 
 Position
 Held with Company 
 Age 
 Date
 First Elected or 
 Appointed 
 
 William
 J. Delgado 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 62 
 May
 13, 2016 
 
 Jerome
 J. Gomolski 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 74 
 April
 10, 2015 
 
 Gary
 A. Gray 
 Vice
 President, Chief Technology Officer 
 69 
 August
 12, 2013 

Our
Board of Directors believes that all members of the Board and all executive officers encompass a range of talent, skill, and experience
sufficient to provide sound and prudent guidance with respect to our operations and interests. The information below with respect to
our sole officer and director includes his experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills necessary for him to serve as a director
and/or executive officer. 

Biographies 

William
J. Delgado Director Executive Vice President 

Mr.
Delgado has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer from August 2004 to August 2013. Effective August
12, 2013, Mr. Delgado assumed the position of Executive Vice President, and is responsible, along with Mr. Sullivan, for business development.
Mr. Delgado has over 33 years of management experience including strategic planning, feasibility studies, economic analysis, design engineering,
network planning, construction, and maintenance. He began his career with Pacific Telephone in the Outside Plant Construction. He moved
to the network engineering group and concluded his career at Pacific Bell as the Chief Budget Analyst for the Northern California region.
Mr. Delgado founded All Star Telecom in late 1991, specializing in OSP construction and engineering and systems cabling. All Star Telecom
was sold to International FiberCom in April of 1999. After leaving International FiberCom in 2002, Mr. Delgado became President/CEO of
Pacific Comtel in San Diego, California. After the Company acquired Pacific Comtel in 2004, Mr. Delgado became Director, President, CEO
and CFO of the Company. Management believes that Mr. Delgado s many years of business experience uniquely qualifies him for his
positions with the Company. 

On
May 13, 2016, Mr. Delgado assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors and currently serves in
that position. 

Jerome
J. Gomolski Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Gomolski became the Chief Financial Officer of our subsidiary, NACSV, on January 1, 2015, and was appointed the Company s Chief
Financial Officer on April 10, 2015. Mr. Gomolski has specialized in auditing, corporate and individual
income tax, and forensic accounting for over 30 years. Mr. Gomolski began his financial career in the corporate accounting department
of International Harvester in Chicago. After graduating from DePaul University in Chicago with a BSC in Accounting he passed the Illinois
CPA exam and began working for several large accounting firms. Several years later, he returned to International Harvester as Manager
of Financial Planning and Analysis. In 1982, Jerry was offered an opportunity to relocate to South Florida and return to public accounting.
There he brought his experience and talent to work with two large accounting firms. His increasing responsibility led to a partnership. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no other family relationships between and among any of our directors or executive. 

- 28 - 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No
director, executive officer, significant employee or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in
Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Committees
of the Board 

Our
Board of Directors held no formal meetings in the year-ended December 31, 2022. Otherwise, all proceedings of the Board of Directors were
conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by the sole director and filed with the minutes of the Company. 

Board
Nominations and Appointments 

In
considering whether to nominate any particular candidate for election to the Board of Directors, we will use various criteria to evaluate
each candidate, including an evaluation of each candidate s integrity, business acumen, knowledge of our business and industry,
experience, diligence, conflicts of interest and the ability to act in the interests of our stockholders. The Board of Directors plans
to evaluate biographical information and interview selected candidates in the next fiscal year and plans to consider whether a potential
nominee would satisfy the listing standards for independence of The Nasdaq Stock Market and the SEC s definition
of audit committee financial expert. The Board of Directors does not plan to assign specific weights to particular criteria
and no particular criterion will be a prerequisite for each prospective nominee. 

We
do not have a formal policy with regards to the consideration of director candidates recommended by our stockholders, however, stockholder
recommendations relating to director nominees may be submitted in accordance with the procedures set forth below under the heading Communicating
with the Board of Directors . 

Communicating
with the Board of Directors 

Stockholders
who wish to send communications to the Board of Directors may do so by writing to 777 South Flagler Drive, Suite 800 West Tower, West
Palm Beach, FL 33401. The mailing envelope must contain a clear notation indicating that the enclosed letter is a Stockholder-Board
Communication. All such letters must identify the author as a stockholder and must include the stockholder s full name,
address and a valid telephone number. The name of any specific intended recipient should be noted in the communication. We will forward
any such correspondence to the intended recipients; however, prior to forwarding any such correspondence, and we will review such correspondence,
and in our discretion, may not forward communications that relate to ordinary business affairs, communications that are primarily commercial
in nature, personal grievances or communications that relate to an improper or irrelevant topic or are otherwise inappropriate for the
Board of Director s consideration. 

Communicating
with the Board of Directors 

Special
Litigation Committee of the Board of Directors 

Certain
current and former directors and officers of the Company are parties to certain derivative litigations. The claims asserted in these
litigations are assets of the Company. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that it is in the
best interests of the Company and its shareholders to form a Special Litigation Committee of the Board Special Litigation Committee to investigate and evaluate the claims and allegations asserted in the Litigations and make a determination as to how the Company
should proceed with respect to the Litigations and the asserted claims and allegations. 

The
Board has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders that a Special Litigation Committee
shall investigate the claims and allegations in the litigations and evaluate whether the Company should pursue any of the claims asserted
in the litigations, as well as prepare such reports, arrive at such decisions, and take such other actions in connection with the litigations,
as the Special Litigation Committee in its discretion deems appropriate and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders,
in accordance with New Jersey law. 

The
Board of Directors will appoint independent and disinterested directors to serve on the Special Litigation Committee, or, in the alternative,
appoint a special counsel to report to the board on his investigation. 

- 29 - 

Compensation
of Directors 

We
have no standard arrangement to compensate directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are not paid for meetings
attended. However, we intend to review and consider future proposals regarding board compensation. All travel and lodging expenses associated
with corporate matters are reimbursed by us, when incurred. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No
interlocking relationship exists between our Board of Directors and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company,
nor has any interlocking relationship existed in the past. 

Code
of Ethics 

As
part of our system of corporate governance, our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code for directors and executive officers of the Company. This Code is intended to focus each director and executive officer on areas of ethical
risk, provide guidance to directors and executive officer to help them recognize and deal with ethical issues, provide mechanisms to
report unethical conduct, and help foster a culture of honesty and accountability. Each director and executive officer must comply with
the letter and spirit of this Code. We have also adopted a Code of Ethics for Financial Executives applicable to our Chief Executive
Officer and senior financial officers to promote honest and ethical conduct; full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure;
and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers from our Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics and our Code of Ethics for Financial Executives by filing a Form 8-K or by posting such information on our website. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock,
to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide
us with copies of those filings. 

Based
solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe
that during the year ended December 31, 2022, none of our greater than 10 percent beneficial owners failed to comply on a timely basis
with all applicable filing requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

General
Philosophy 

Our
Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and administering the Company s executive and director compensation. 

- 30 - 

Executive
Compensation 

The
following summary compensation table indicates the cash and non-cash compensation earned from the Company during the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, of our named executive officers. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock
 Award 

Option
 Award 

Nonequity
 
 Incentive 
 Plan Compensation 

Change
 
 in Pension 
 Value 
 and 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation Earnings 

All
 Other 
 Compensation 

Total 

Principal
 Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Jerome
 J. Gomolski 

2022 

60,000 

60,000 

Jerome
 J. Gomolski (1) 

2021 

48,000 

48,000 

Wiliam
 J. Delgado (2) 

2021 

240,000 

240,000 

Wiliam
 J. Delgado (2) 

2021 

1,060,158 

1,060,158 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Gomolski joined the company as Chief Financial Officer of our subsidiary, NACSV, on January 5, 2015. He was appointed the Company s
 Chief Financial Officer effective April 10, 2015. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Delgado was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board on May 13, 2016. He was appointed Executive Vice President
 on August 12, 2013. Prior thereto he served as our CEO, President and Chief Financial Officer. 

(3) 
 The
 amounts in these columns represent the fair value of the award as of the grant date as computed in accordance with ASC 718. These
 amounts represent restricted stock awards and stock options granted to the named executive officers, and do not reflect the actual
 amounts that may be realized by those officers. 

Key
Employee Employment Agreements 

We
have an employment agreement with Chief Executive Officer, William Delgado. 

- 31 - 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, regarding unexercised stock options and restricted
stock awards granted to each of our named executive officers: 

Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Exercisable 
 (#) 

Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Unexercisable 
 (#) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options 
 (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Number
 of 
 Shares or 
 Units 
 of Stock 
 that have 
 not Vested 
 (#) 

Market 
 Value of 
 Shares or 
 Units of 
 Stock that 
 have not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights that 
 have not 
 Vested 
 (#) 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market or 
 Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights that 
 Have not 
 Vested 
 ) 

Jerome
 J. Gomolski 

166,667 

0.10 

4/1/2025 

Jerome
 J. Gomolski 

1,000,000 

0.006 

11/30/2025 

William
 J. Delgado 

166,667 

0.14 

3/31/2025 

William
 J. Delgado 

750,000 

0.008 

12/14/2025 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information and Issuances 

Our
current policy is that all full-time key employees are considered annually for the possible grant of stock options, depending upon qualifying
performance criteria. The criteria for the awards are experience, uniqueness of contribution to our business and the level of performance
shown during the year. Stock options are intended to enhance the ability of the Company and its Affiliates to attract and retain exceptionally
qualified individuals upon whom, in large measure, the sustained progress, growth and profitability of the Company depend. 

- 32 - 

Pension
Benefits 

None
of our named executive officers is covered by a pension plan or other similar benefit plan that provides for payments or other benefits
at, following, or in connection with retirement. 

Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation 

None
of our named executive officers is covered by a defined contribution or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on
a basis that is not tax qualified. 

2014
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
May 9, 2014, our shareholders approved the 2014 Global Digital Solutions Equity Incentive Plan Plan and reserved 20,000,000
shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to awards thereunder, including options, stock appreciation right, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, or other stock-based awards. The Plan is intended as an incentive,
to retain in the employ of the Company, our directors, officers, employees, consultants, and advisors, and to attract new officers, employees,
directors, consultants, and advisors whose services are considered valuable, to encourage the sense of proprietorship and to stimulate
the active interest of such persons in the development and financial success of the Company and its subsidiaries. Under the Plan, we
are authorized to issue incentive stock options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted stock and long-term incentive awards. The Plan
is administered by the Board of Directors. 

In
accordance with the ACS 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , awards granted are valued at fair value at the grant date.
The Company recognizes compensation expense on a pro rata straight-line basis over the requisite service period for stock-based compensation
awards with both graded and cliff vesting terms. The Company recognizes the cumulative effect of a change in the number of awards expected
to vest in compensation expense in the period of change. The Company has not capitalized any portion of its stock-based compensation. 

Director
Compensation 

We
do not have a compensation arrangement in place for members of our Board and we have not finalized any plan to compensate directors in
the future for their services as directors. We anticipate that we will develop a compensation plan for our independent directors in order
to attract qualified persons and to retain them. We expect that the compensation arrangements will generally be comprised of equity awards
and cash for reimbursement of expenses only; however, exceptions may be made if circumstances warrant. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT. 

Except
as otherwise stated, the table below sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of Common Stock as of December 31, 2022,
(1) each director currently serving on our Board of Directors; (2) each of our named executive officers; (3) our directors and executive
officers as a group; and (4) each person known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.
As of December 31, 2021, there were 800,543,896 shares of Common Stock outstanding. Except as otherwise noted, each stockholder has sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned. 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name
 and Address of 
 Beneficial Owner (4) 
 
 Amount
 and Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent
 of 
 Class (1) 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 William
 J. Delgado (2) 
 
 6,358,032 
 
 0.08

Common
 Stock 
 
 Jerome
 J. Gomolski (3) 
 
 5,000,000 
 
 0.06

Common
 Stock 
 
 Gary
 Gray 
 
 4,000,000 
 
 0.05 

Total
 Beneficial Holders as a Group 
 
 15,358,032 
 
 0.0192 

Applicable
percentages are based on 800,543,896 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and includes issued and outstanding shares of common
stock as well as vested but unissued restricted shares. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes
voting or investment power with respect to securities. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired
by such person within 60 days whether upon the exercise of options or otherwise. Shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants
currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days after the date of this report, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Unless otherwise
indicated in the footnotes to this table, the Company believes that each of the shareholders named in the table has sole voting power. 

Includes
(a) 3,221,032 shares owned by Bronco Communications, LLC, an entity which Mr. Delgado controls and (b) 3,137,000 shares owned by Mr.
Delgado s daughters. 

Mr.
Gomolski has 1,167,667 options of which all have vested. 

- 33 - 

Changes
in Control. 

There
are currently no arrangements which may result in a change of control of our company. 

Non-Cumulative
Voting 

The
holders of our shares of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50 of such outstanding
shares, voting for the election of Directors, can elect all of the Directors to be elected if they so choose. In such event, the holders
of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our Directors. 

ITEM
13. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Named
Executive Officers and Current Directors 

For
information regarding compensation for our named executive officers and current directors, see Executive Compensation. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors consists of one director, William J. Delgado. Our securities are quoted on the OTC Markets Group, Pink No Information
Tier, which does not have any director independence requirements. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence
established by applicable laws, rules, and listing standards including, without limitation, the standards for independent directors established
by The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the NASDAQ National Market, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Subject
to some exceptions, these standards generally provide that a director will not be independent if (a) the director is, or in the past
three years has been, an employee of ours; (b) a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been,
an executive officer of ours; (c) the director or a member of the director s immediate family has received more than 120,000 per
year in direct compensation from us other than for service as a director (or for a family member, as a non-executive employee); (d) the
director or a member of the director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed in a professional capacity
by our independent public accountants, or has worked for such firm in any capacity on our audit; (e) the director or a member of the
director s immediate family is, or in the past three years has been, employed as an executive officer of a company where one of
our executive officers serves on the compensation committee; or (f) the director or a member of the director s immediate family
is an executive officer of a company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, us in an amount which, in any twelve-month period
during the past three years, exceeds the greater of 1,000,000 or two percent of that other company s consolidated gross revenues.
Based on these standards, we have determined that our director is not an independent director. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The aggregate audit fees
billed by our independent accounting firm, Turner, Stone Company, LLP TSC ), for the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, 70,500 and 61,000, respectively. 

Other
Fees 

There
were no other services provided by TSC during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

- 34 - 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit
 Number 
 Description 
 
 (2) 
 Plan
 of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession 
 
 2.1 
 Purchase
 Agreement with Bronco Communications, LLC dated January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 2.2 
 Amendment
 to Purchase Agreement with Bronco Communications, LLC dated October 15, 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August
 8, 2013) 
 
 2.3 
 Agreement
 of Merger and Plan of Reorganization with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated October 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed
 on August 8, 2013) 
 
 2.4 
 First
 Amendment to Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization with Airtronic, USA, Inc. dated August 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference
 to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 2.5 
 Equity
 Purchase Agreement with Brian A. Dekle, John Ramsey, GDSI Acquisition Corporation, Global Digital Solutions, Inc., and North American
 Custom Specialty Vehicle, LLC dated June 16, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19,
 2014) 
 
 2.6 
 Share
 Purchase and Sale Agreement with Global Digital Solutions, Inc., Grupo Rontan Electro Metalurgica, S.A., Joao Alberto Bolzan and
 Jose Carlos Bolzan dated October 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2015) 
 
 (3) 
 (i)
 Articles of Incorporation; and (ii) Bylaws 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation dated August 28, 1995 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 3.2 
 Articles
 of Merger dated March 18, 2004 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation dated August 06, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August
 8, 2013) 
 
 3.4 
 Bylaws
 dated August 28, 1995 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated July 7, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on July 30, 2014) 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated May 18, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on May 20, 2015) 
 
 (10) 
 Material
 Agreements 
 
 10.1 
 Debtor
 in Possession Note Purchase Agreement with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated October 22, 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed
 on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.2 
 Secured
 Promissory Note with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated October 22, 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.3 
 Security
 Agreement with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated October 22, 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.4 
 Bridge
 Loan Modification and Ratification Agreement with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated March, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10
 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.5 
 Second
 Bridge Loan Modification and Ratification Agreement with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated August 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our
 Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.6 
 Secured
 Promissory Note with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated August 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.7 
 Intellectual
 Property Security Agreement with an individual dated August 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8,
 2013) 
 
 10.8 
 Promissory
 Note Purchase Agreement with Bay Acquisition, LLC dated December 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8,
 2013) 
 
 10.9 
 Secured
 Promissory Note with an individual dated December 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.10 
 Security
 Agreement with Bay Acquisition, LLC dated December, 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.11 
 Warrant
 to Purchase Common Stock with an individual dated December 2012 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 

- 35 - 

10.12 
 Amendment
 to Promissory Note Agreement with an individual dated May 6, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.13 
 Subscription
 Agreement and Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.14 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to our Form 10 filed on August 8, 2013) 
 
 10.15 
 Secured
 Promissory Note with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated October 10, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
 on March 28, 2014) 
 
 10.16 
 Third
 Bridge Loan Modification and Ratification Agreement with Airtronic USA, Inc. dated October 10, 2013 (incorporated by reference to
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2014) 
 
 10.17 
 Investment
 Banking Agreement with Midtown Partners Co, LLC dated October 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on March 28, 2014) 
 
 10.18 
 Addendum
 to Investment Bank Agreement with Midtown Partners Co, LLC dated October 16, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our registration
 statement on Form S-1 filed on August 5, 2014) 
 
 10.19 
 2014
 Equity Incentive Plan dated May 19, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed on August 5,
 2014) 
 
 10.20 
 Online
 Virtual Office Agreement dated August 19, 2013 (incorporated by reference to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed on August
 5, 2014) 
 
 10.21 
 Restricted
 Stock Unit Agreement with Stephen L. Norris dated August 25, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A
 filed on August 25, 2014) 
 
 10.22 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with Charter 804CS Solutions, Inc dated December 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on December 12, 2014) 
 
 10.23 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note with Charter 804CS Solutions, Inc dated December 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on December 12, 2014) 
 
 10.24 
 First
 Amendment to Convertible Redeemable Note with Charter 804CS Solutions, Inc dated February 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2015) 
 
 10.25 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with an individual dated December 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 December 12, 2014) 
 
 10.26 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note with an individual dated December 8, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
 12, 2014) 
 
 10.27 
 First
 Amendment to Convertible Redeemable Note dated February 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 4, 2014) 
 
 10.28 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with LG Capital Funding, LLC dated January 16, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 20, 2015) 
 
 10.29 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note with LG Capital Funding, LLC dated January 16, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on January 20, 2015) 
 
 10.30 
 Convertible
 Note with JSJ Investments Inc. dated January 26, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
 30, 2015) 
 
 10.31 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with Adar Bays, LLC dated January 26, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on January 30, 2015) 
 
 10.32 
 Convertible
 Redeemable Note with Adar Bays dated January 26, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
 30, 2015) 
 
 10.33 
 Convertible
 Note with JMJ Financial dated January 26, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30,
 2015) 
 
 10.34 
 Convertible
 Note with Vista Capital Investments, LLC dated February 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 9, 2015) 
 
 10.35 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with KBM Worldwide, Inc dated February 17, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 24, 2015) 
 
 10.36 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note with KBM Worldwide, Inc dated February 17, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 24, 2015) 
 
 10.37 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with EMA Financial, LLC dated February 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on February 24, 2015) 
 
 10.38 
 Convertible
 Note with EMA Financial, LLC dated February 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February
 24, 2015) 
 
 10.39 
 Note
 Purchase Agreement with Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated March 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on March 13, 2015) 

- 36 - 

10.40 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note with Tangiers Investment Group, LLC dated March 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form
 8-K filed on March 13, 2015) 
 
 10.41 
 Non-Exclusive
 Agreement with Carter, Terry Company dated December 18, 2014 (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
 on March 30, 2015) 
 
 10.42 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with VIS Vires Group, Inc. dated April 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed on May 14, 2015) 
 
 10.43 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note with VIS Vires Group, Inc. dated April 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
 on May 14, 2015) 
 
 10.44 
 Revenue
 Based Factoring Agreement with Power Up dated October 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on October 5, 2015) 
 
 10.45 
 Security
 Agreement and Guarantee with Power Up dated October 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 October 5, 2015) 
 
 10.46 
 Revenue
 Based Factoring Agreement with Power Up dated October 23, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 on November 5, 2015) 
 
 10.47 
 Security
 Agreement and Guarantee with Power Up dated October 23, 2015 (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 November 5, 2015) 
 
 10.48 
 Settlement
 Agreement with an individual dated July 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR], 2015 Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.49 
 Settlement
 Agreement with Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. dated December 21, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR], 2015 Annual
 Report on Form 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.50 
 Repayment
 Agreement with JMJ Financial dated December 13, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR], 2015 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.51 
 Convertible
 Note Redemption Agreement dated December 12, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR], 2015 Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.52 
 Exchange/Conversion
 Agreement with an individual dated August 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR], 2015 Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.53 
 Promissory
 Note with Dragon Acquisitions dated August 31, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR], 2015 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.54 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement with Empire Relations Group, Inc. dated August 16, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR],
 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.55 
 Prepaid
 Forward Purchase Agreement with Boies Schiller Flexner LLP dated December 22, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO
 YEAR], 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.56 
 Demand
 Promissory Note with Vox Business Trust, LLC dated December 19, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our [LFY ENDED NO YEAR], 2015
 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 31, 2018) 
 
 10.57 
 Demand
 Promissory Note with RLT Consulting, Inc. dated December 26, 2017 (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed on June 13, 2018) 
 
 10.58 
 Promissory
 Note with an individual dated May 1, 2018 (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 13, 2018) 
 
 10.59 
 Investment
 Return Purchase Agreement with an individual dated May 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
 on June 13, 2018) 
 
 (31) 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
 
 31.1 
 Section
 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 Section
 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 (32) 
 Section
 1350 Certifications 
 
 32.1 
 Section
 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 Section
 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 (101) 
 Interactive
 Data Files 
 
 101.INS 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part
 of any registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, are deemed not filed
 for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 

- 37 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GLOBAL
 DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Date:
 
 By: 
 /s/
 William J. Delgado 

William
 J. Delgado 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
 
 Title(s) 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/
 William J. Delgado 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

William
 J. Delgado 
 
 and
 Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jerome J. Gomolski 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Jerome
 J. Gomolski 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 William J. Delgado 
 
 Director,
 Executive Vice President 

William
 J. Delgado 

- 38 - 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

GLOBAL
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Director and Stockholders of Global Digital Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Global Digital Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for
the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows since inception both
of which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
disclosed in Notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had various debt instruments which included conversion
features requiring bifurcation and separate accounting. Management evaluated the required accounting, significant estimates, and judgements
around the valuation for these embedded derivatives. These embedded derivatives were initially measured at fair value and have subsequently
been remeasured to fair value at each reporting period. 

There
is no current observable market for these types of features and, as such, the Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives
using an option pricing model to measure the fair value of the bifurcated derivative. As a result, a high degree of auditor judgment
and effort was required in performing audit procedures to evaluate the conclusions reached by management as well as the inputs to the
Company s option pricing model. 

F- 2 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed In the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

- 
 We
 obtained an understanding of the controls and processes surrounding the evaluation, initial measurement and revaluation of the bifurcated
 derivatives. 

- 
 We
 evaluated management s assessment and the conclusions reached to ensure these instruments were recorded in accordance with
 the relevant accounting guidance. 

- 
 We
 evaluated the fair value of the bifurcated derivatives that included testing the valuation models and assumptions utilized by management.
 We reviewed and tested the fair value model used, significant assumptions, and underlying data used in the model. 

. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

June
9, 2023 

F- 3 

GLOBAL
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current
 assets 

Cash 

Total
 current assets 

Other
 Assets 

Due
 from related entity, (Note 9) 

Prepaid
 Expense, (Note 9) 

Equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation of 

Software
 Development costs 

Total
 other assets 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Deficit 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Due
 to related entity, (Note 9) 

Due
 to Officer (Note 9) 

Financed
 insurance policy 

Derivative
 liability 

Warrant
 Liability 

Convertible
notes payable, net of discount of 
and ,
respectively 

Notes
 Payable 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Long
 term liabilities 

Notes
 payable 

Total
 Liabilities 

Stockholders 
 deficit 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively 

Common
stock, par
value, shares
authorized, shares
and issued
and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Shares
 Issuable 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

GLOBAL
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense (income) 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in warrant liability 

() 
 
 Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

Loss on write off
of prepaid expense 

Financing costs 

Interest expense 

Amortization of original issue discount 

Gain on settlement of accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Loss on conversion of notes payable 

Total other expense (income) 

() 

Income tax expense 

Net (Loss) Income 

) 

Net (Loss) per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

GLOBAL
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, AND 2021 

Common
 Stock 

Preferred
 Stock 

Paid-In 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Shared
 Payable 

Deficit 

Total 

Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

) 

) 

Shares
 Issued for conversion of debt 

Shares
 issued for financing fees 

Shares
 issued for services 

Reduction
 in derivative liability 

Warrant
 Exercise 

) 

) 

Net
 Income 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Shares
 Issued for conversion of debt 

Shares
 issued for services 

() 

Reduction
 in derivative liability 

Net
 (Loss) 

() 

() 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

GLOBAL
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Consulting fees added to note payable principal 

Interest expense from warrant liability 

Extension fees added to principal balance 

Penalty/other extension fees for notes payable 

Loss (gain) on Conversion of NP 

Loss on Disposal of Fixed assets 

Legal fees for note issuance 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid expense from related party 

Due from related entity 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Due to Related Party 

Due to officer 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Advances to related party 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Payments of notes payable 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Payments of convertible notes payable 

Repayment of advanced to officer 

Proceeds from Related Party 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Non-Cash Items 

Convertible notes and interest paid by officer 

Debt discount from derivative on convertible notes payable 

Reduction in derivative liability from payments on convertible notes payable 

Debt discount from issuance of warrants with convertible note payable 

Discount on convertible notes payable 

Conversion of Convertible notes payable 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Settlement of derivative liability to APIC 

Convertible notes and interest paid by affiliate 

Convertible debt settled through issuance of common shares 

Reduction in accrued compensation due to officer 

Shares issued for accounts payable 

Warrant exercise shares 

Supplemental
 Disclosure: 

During
 the Year ended December 31,2022 the company paid of Loan Interest. 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

GLOBAL
DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

used
net cash of to
fund operating activities. On December 31, 2022, we had cash of an
accumulated deficit of a
working capital deficit of and stockholders deficit of .
We have funded our activities to date almost exclusively from equity and debt financings. 

Our
cash position is critically deficient, and payments essential to our ability to operate are not being made in the ordinary course. Failure
to raise capital in the coming days to fund our operations and failure to generate positive cash flow to fund such operations in the
future will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

We
need to raise additional funds immediately and continue to raise funds until we begin to generate sufficient cash from operations, and
we may not be able to obtain the necessary financing on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We
will continue to require substantial funds to continue development of our core business. Management s plans in order to meet our
operating cash flow requirements include financing activities such as private placements of common stock, and issuances of debt and convertible
debt instruments, and the establishment of strategic relationships which we expect will lead to the generation of additional revenue
or acquisition opportunities. 

While
we believe that we will be successful in obtaining the necessary financing to fund our operations, there are no assurances that such
additional funding will be achieved or that we will succeed in our future operations. 

Our
ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to successfully execute the plans
to pursue acquisitions and raise the funds necessary to complete such acquisitions. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted
at this time. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as
a going concern. 

Preferred Stock 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Potentially dilutive securities 

Additions to warrant liability 

Change in fair value 

Balance at end of period 

At December 31,2022 the fair Value of the warrant liability was estimated using a Black Scholes model with the following weighted-average
inputs: the price of the Company's Common stock of ; a risk free interest rate of and expected volatility of the Company's
common stock of . to and the remaining terms of each warrant issuance. 

Accrued professional fees and settlements 

Accrued interest 

Total accrued expenses 

Additions 

Settlements 

Change in fair value 

Balance at end of year 

Embedded
Derivative Liabilities of Convertible Notes 

At
December 31, 2022, the fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivative liabilities of convertible notes was estimated using the following
weighted-average inputs: risk free interest rate ; term years; volatility ; dividend rate 
 . At December 31, 2021, the fair value of the bifurcated embedded derivative liabilities of convertible notes was estimated using the
following weighted-average inputs: risk free interest rate 2.45 ; term .25 years; volatility dividend rate . 

convertible note payable with LG Capital Funding (LG). The note bears interest
at per annum and is convertible at any time at the option of LG into shares of our common stock at a conversion price equal to a 40 
discount of the lowest closing bid price for 20 prior trading days including the notice of conversion date. The embedded derivative liability
associated with the conversion option of the note was bifurcated from the note and recorded at its fair value on the date of issuance
and at each reporting date. The note requires the Company to reserve four times the potential number of shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion, or and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company defaulted on the note in January
2016. Additionally, as a result of declines in the fair value of the Company s common stock, from time to time the Company did
not have sufficient authorized shares to maintain this required four times share reserve. Accordingly, the note holder had the right
to accelerate the repayment of the note and unpaid interest. In addition, LG has the right to require that additional shares and/or monies
be paid in connection with the defaults. During December 2017, in settlement of default, the Company and LG entered into a Convertible
Note Redemption Agreement under which the Company was to repay 68,110, 39,921 in unpaid principal outstanding at December 31, 2017,
and 28,189 in accrued interest, in five payments through April 2018. Through April 2018, the Company repaid 6,500 of principal under
the Convertible Note Redemption Agreement. The Company defaulted on the Convertible Note Redemption Agreement in April 2018 and the 28,189
in accrued interest was converted to principal. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling
 is outstanding and remains in default. 

During
January 2015, the Company entered into a two-year convertible note payable for up to with JMJ Financial (JMJ), of which 110,000
was funded between January and April 2015. The note was issued with an original issue discount of of amounts funded, had a one-time
12 interest charge as it was not repaid within 90 days of the funding date, and is convertible at any time at the option of JMJ into
shares of our common stock at the lesser of 0.075 per share or 60 of the average of the trading price in the 25 trading days prior
to conversion. The embedded derivative liability associated with the conversion option of the note was bifurcated from the note and recorded
at its fair value on the date of issuance and at each reporting date. The note requires the Company to reserve 26,650,000 shares of common
stock. JMJ had the option to finance additional amounts up to the balance of the 250,000 during the term of the note. The Company defaulted
on the note during January 2017. During December 2017, in settlement of default, the Company and JMJ entered into a Repayment Agreement
under which the Company was to repay 84,514, 69,070 in unpaid principal outstanding at December 31, 2017, and 15,444 in accrued interest,
in four payments through May 2018. Through May 2018, the Company repaid 25,000 of principal under the Repayment Agreement. The Company
defaulted on the Repayment Agreement in May 2018 and the 15,444 in accrued interest was converted to principal. As of December 31, 2022,
and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling is outstanding and remains in default. 

On
April 7, 2020, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note arrangement with Actus Fund, LLC in the principal amount of
 197,000. The principal amount of the note with interest at 12 is due on February 7, 2021. The note is convertible into shares of
the Company s common stock. The conversion price shall equal the lessor of (i) Current Market price or (ii) Variable Market
price as defined as Market Price less a 50 discount price. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the
principal balance totaling 197,000 is outstanding. 

On
August 5, 2020, The Company and Adar Alef, LLC entered into a security purchase agreement in the aggregate principal of .
The notes shall contain a OID such that the purchase price shall be 142,500. The note was paid off on May 12, 2021, by the CEO of
the Company. 

On
February 25, 2021, the Company and Leonite Capital LLC entered into a securities purchase agreement for a prime rate plus convertible
note in the aggregate principal of . The note shall be paid in one or more tranches. The maturity for each tranche shall be
twelve-month period from advance date. The holder has the right at any time to convert all or any part of the outstanding principal into
shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price shall be a fixed conversion price of 0.06, which upon a default event, shall
be equal to the lesser of (i) the fixed conversion price; (ii) or 70 of the lowest intraday price during the 21 days preceding the conversion
request. 

On
March 1, 2021, the Company received the first tranche of 1,000,000 from Leonite Capital. In connection with the note, the Company issued
20,000,000 warrants, exercisable at 0.10, with a 10-year term and contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection provisions, with a fair
value of 507,000. The Company also issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock as commitment shares to the noteholder, with a fair value
of 204,000. The warrants and the commitment shares resulted in a debt discount of 1,000,000, which will be amortized using the effective
interest method over the life of the convertible note, and the excess of 101,000 recognized as interest expense at issuance. The warrants
were evaluated to be classified as a liability, as based on the various convertible notes outstanding with variable conversion rates
it cannot be determined if there are sufficient authorized shares available during the contract period. As of December 31, 2022, and
through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling is outstanding. 

On
March 25, 2021, the Company and GS Capital Partners LLC entered into a securities purchase agreement for a prime rate plus convertible
note in the aggregate principal of . The note shall be paid in one or more tranches. The maturity for each tranche shall be
twelve-month period from advance date. The holder has the right at any time to convert all or any part of the outstanding principal into
shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price shall be a fixed conversion price of 0.06, which upon a default event, shall
be equal to the lesser of (i) the fixed conversion price; (ii) or 70 of the lowest intraday price during the 21 days preceding the conversion
request. 

On
April 1, 2021, the Company received the first tranche of 1,142,857 from GS Capital, LLC. In connection with the note, the Company issued
20,000,000 warrants, exercisable at 0.10, with a 10-year term and contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection provisions, with a fair
value of 507,000. The Company also issued 4,000,000 shares of common stock as commitment shares to the noteholder, with a fair value
of 204,000. The warrants and the commitment shares resulted in a debt discount of 1,000,000, which will be amortized using the effective
interest method over the life of the convertible note, and the excess of 101,000 recognized as interest expense at issuance. The warrants
were evaluated to be classified as a liability, as based on the various convertible notes outstanding with variable conversion rates
it cannot be determined if there are sufficient authorized shares available during the contract period. 

The
Company received the second tranche as follows; May 24, 2021, 796,000, July 15, 2021, 90,000, and July 21, 2021, 208,500. As of December
31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling 2,141,632 is outstanding. 

On
June 7, 2021, the Company and Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., entered into a security purchase agreement SPA for an
 promissory note in the aggregate principal of , with a maturity date of . The note included a original issuance
discount OID of , for a purchase price of . The interest was applied as a one- time interest charge upon
the issuance date, in the amount of , recognized in accrued interest. The monthly payments will include the outstanding principal
and accrued interest, in 10 monthly payments of 27,175, with the first payment on July 30, 2021. Upon an event of default, as set forth
in the agreement, the holder shall have the right to convert the outstanding balance of the note into shares of common stock of the Company,
with a conversion rate based on 75 of the lowest trading price of the common stock for the 5 trading days prior to the conversion date.
In addition, upon default, the interest increases to 22 , and any outstanding principal and accrued interest shall be increased by 150 .
The Company is required at have authorized and reserved four times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion
of the note, which was initially 29,494,505 shares. While the note is still outstanding the Company shall not, without written consent
of the holder, issue any variable convertible instruments with a convertible price that varies with the market price of the Company s
common stock, nor shall the Company without the holder s written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion
of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. In connection with the note, the Company issued 2,096,875 warrants, exercisable
each at 03, with a 3-year term. The note was paid off by The Company on April 4, 2022. 

On
February 3, 2022, the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC entered into a security purchase agreement for a 
Convertible Note in the aggregate principal of .
is due on . The note is convertible into shares
of common stock of the Company. The conversion price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 65 of the Market
Price for the average of the lowest two trading dates during a fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the
Conversion date. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the principal balance totaling 131,096 is
outstanding. 

On
March 25, 2022, the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC entered into a security purchase agreement for a Convertible Note in the
aggregate principal of is due on . The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion
price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined as 75 of the Market Price for the average of the lowest two trading dates during a
fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion date. As of December 31, 2022, and through
the date of this report, the principal balance totaling 256,218 is outstanding. 

On
June 14, 2022, the Company and Diagonal Leasing entered into a security purchase agreement for a 
Convertible Note in the aggregate principal of 
is due on . The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The conversion price is equal to the Variable
Conversion price which is defined as 65 of the Market Price for the average of the lowest two trading dates during a fifteen-day trading period
ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the Conversion date. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this
report, the principal balance totaling 162,685 is outstanding. 

On
August 18, 2022, the Company and GS Capital Partners, LLC. entered into a security purchase agreement for a Convertible
Note in the aggregate principal of , is due on . The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the
Company. The conversion price is equal to 70 of the lowest trading price of the Company s Common Stock for the 20 trading
dates immediately preceding the delivery of a notice of conversion. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this
report, the principal balance totaling 172,000 is outstanding. 

On
November 7, 2022, the Company and Gary Shover, entered into a security purchase agreement for a Convertible Note in the
aggregate principal of , is due on . The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a fixed
Conversion rate of 0.139 per share. The investor shall also receive warrants to purchase 500,000 common shares at .0139 per
share. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this
report, the principal balance totaling 75,000 is outstanding. 

On December 14,
2022, the Company and Ronal Minor entered into a security purchase agreement for a Convertible Note in the
aggregate principal of , is due on . The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a fixed
Conversion rate of 0.139 per share. The investor shall also receive warrants to purchase 500,000 common shares at .0139 per
share. As of December 2022, and through the date of this
report, the principal balance totaling 25,000 is outstanding. 

On
August 17, 2020, the Company and Harbor Gates entered into a security purchase agreement for a Convertible Promissory Note
in the aggregate principal of due on . The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company. The note
can be converted (180) days following the date of the note. The conversion price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which is defined
as 60 of the Market Price for the lowest two trading dates during a fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete. outstanding.
The note was paid off on May 28, 2021, by the Company. 

On
May 20, 2020, the Company and GS Capital Partners, LLC entered into a Convertible Note in the aggregate principal of due
on . The note can be converted into shares of common stock of the Company. at any time after the issue date. The note
was paid off by the Company in the first and second quarters of 2021. 

On
April 6, 2020, the Company and Power Up Lending Group entered into a security purchase agreement for a Convertible Promissory
Note in the aggregate principal of due on . The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company.
The note can be converted (180) days following the date of the note. The conversion price is equal to the Variable Conversion price which
is defined as 61 of the Market Price for the average of the lowest two trading dates during a fifteen-day trading period ending on the latest complete trading date prior to the conversion date. The note was paid off by the CEO of the Company see Note 9. 

On
May 10, 2019, the Company and GHS Investments LLC entered into a security agreement for a Convertible Note in the aggregate principal
of due on . The note carries original issue discount or 35,000. The note is convertible into shares of common
stock of the Company. The Conversion Price shall mean 60 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein), representing
a discount rate of 40 . Market Price means the lowest Traded Price for the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Trading
Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The Company is required to maintain a common share
reserve of not less than three times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the note. The purchaser will
also receive warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of GDSI common stock at .01/share. Warrants will have a three-year term to exercise.
The Convertible Note is personally guaranteed by William Delgado, CEO. 

On
June 11, 2021, interest on the note in the amount of 115,200.00 was converted into 8,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
The outstanding balance of 761,005, as of October 21, 2021, was converted into 25,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock.
The lender also received the 23,000,000 warrants. The Company recognized a gain of 844,797.00 on the conversions of June 11, 2021,
and October 21, 2021. The fair value of the 25,500,000 shares issued was approximately 729,300.00 

Notes
Payable 

During
August 2017, Dragon Acquisitions, a related entity owned by William Delgado, and an individual lender entered into a Promissory Note
agreement for as well as in interest to accrue through maturity on August 31, 2018 for a total of due on August
31, 2018. Dragon Acquisition assumed payment of a payable of the Company and the Company took on the note. The Company defaulted on the
note at maturity in August 2018. The note remained outstanding at December 31, 2022 through the date of this report. 

On
December 22, 2017, the Company entered into a financing agreement with Parabellum, an accredited investor, for 1.2 million, amended
in 2019 and increased to . Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is to receive milestone payments based on the progress
of the Company s lawsuit (Note 6) for damages against Grupo Rontan Metalurgica, S.A (the Lawsuit ). Such milestone
payments consist of (i) an initial purchase price payment of 300,000, which the Company received on December 22, 2017, (ii) 150,000
within 30 days of the Lawsuit surviving a motion to dismiss on the primary claims, (iii) 100,000 within 30 days of the close of all
discovery in the Lawsuit and (iv) 650,000 within 30 days of the Lawsuit surviving a motion for summary judgment and challenges on the
primary claims. As part of the agreement, the Company shall pay the investor an investment return of 100 of the litigation proceeds
to recoup all money invested, plus 27.5 of the total litigation proceeds received by the Company. 300,000 was received by the Company
in December 2017. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the note remains outstanding. 

On
December 23, 2017 (the effective date ), the Company entered into a , interest rate, demand promissory note with
Vox Business Trust, LLC (Vox). The note was in settlement of the amounts accrued under a consulting agreement (Note 6), consisting of
 200,000 owed for retainer payments through December 2017, as well as 285,000 owed to Vox when the Resolution Progress Funding was met
on December 22, 2017. As part of the agreement, Vox may not demand payment prior to the date of the Resolution Funding Date. The Company
also agreed to grant 5,000,000 shares within 90 days of the Resolution Progress Funding Date and 10,000,000 shares within 90 days of
the Resolution Funding Date. The 5,000,000 shares were issued on March 13, 2018. The Company shall make mandatory prepayment in the following
amounts and at the following times 

1,000
 on the effective date. 

50,000
 on the date on which the judge presiding over the lawsuit issues a ruling or decision in which the lawsuit survives a motion to dismiss. 

50,000
 on the date on which discovery closes with respect to the lawsuit. 

100,000
 on the date on which the judge presiding over the lawsuit issues a ruling or decision in which the lawsuit survives a motion for
 summary judgement on the claims. 

Under
the terms of the Vox note consulting agreement (Note 6), any unpaid consulting fees subsequent to December 2017 causes a default on the
note with unpaid consulting fees to be added to the principal of the note. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, consulting
fees totaling were added to the note principal and are included in the note balance. The note had a balance of 
and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Through the date of this report, monthly consulting fees have not
been repaid and continue to be added to the principal balance of the note. The note remains in default. 

On
December 26, 2017 (the effective date ), the Company entered into a , interest rate, demand promissory note with
RLT Consulting, Inc. (RLT), a related party. The note was in settlement of the amounts accrued under a consulting agreement (Note 6),
consisting of 200,000 owed for retainer payments through December 2017, as well as 285,000 owed to RLT when the Resolution Progress
Funding was met on December 22, 2017. As part of the agreement, RLT may not demand payment prior to the date of the Resolution Funding
Date. The Company also agreed to grant 5,000,000 shares within 90 days of the Resolution Progress Funding Date and 10,000,000 shares
within 90 days of the Resolution Funding Date. The 5,000,000 shares were issued on March 13, 2018. The Company shall make mandatory prepayment
in the following amounts and at the following times 

1,000
 on the effective date. 

50,000
 on the date on which the judge presiding over the lawsuit issues a ruling or decision in which the lawsuit survives a motion to dismiss. 

50,000
 on the date on which discovery closes with respect to the lawsuit. 

100,000
 on the date on which the judge presiding over the lawsuit issues a ruling or decision in which the lawsuit survives a motion for
 summary judgement on the claims. 

Under
the terms of the RLT note consulting agreement (Note 6), any unpaid consulting fees subsequent to December 2017 causes a default on the
note with unpaid consulting fees to be added to the principal of the note. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, consulting
fees totaling were added to the note principal and are included in the note balance. The note had a balance of and
 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Through the date of this report, monthly consulting fees have not been repaid
and continue to be added to the principal balance of the note. The note remains in default. RLT was granted a first priority security interest in the Litigation Proceeds and
is pari passu to Parabellum and Vox. To that end, they share in the litigation in a priority position to proceed to repay the note. 

During
April 2018, the Company entered into a two-month note payable with in proceeds paid directly to a third-party vendor
for expenses. The note did not bear interest and included a original issue discount. During June 2018, the Company defaulted on
the note. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report, the note remained outstanding. 

During
May 2018, the 

During
June 2018, the Company entered in to a one-year non-convertible note with an accredited investor with original issue
discount OID for net proceeds of . As part of the note agreement, the Company also agreed to issue the investor
5,000,000 warrants at an exercise price of 0.01, exercisable for a period of three (3) years. The warrants were valued using the Black
Scholes Merton model, resulting in a fair value of 35,000 of which 28,378 was recorded as a discount on the note. The key valuation
assumptions used consist, in part, of the price of the Company s common stock of 0.008 at issuance date; a risk-free interest
rate of 2.62 and estimated volatility of the Company s common stock of 218 . At December 31, 2019, the 300,000 note remained
outstanding. The Company defaulted on the note at maturity in June 2019 and the note remained outstanding through the date of this report.
The note contains a default interest rate of 10 plus a 5 penalty of the outstanding balance of the note. The note holder has voluntarily
refrained from making demand for repayment under the default provisions of the note, which would require the Company to pay the holder
130 of the outstanding principal and interest accrued at the default rate. The Company paid off the note on March 10, 2021. 

The
June 2018 note bears a personal guarantee by William Delgado, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. As further security for the
note, Mr. Delgado has also pledged the 1,000,000 Convertible Preferred Shares of the Company that he owns, as well as 5,000,000 common
shares of SHMP, another public company in which Mr. Delgado is a director and Chief Financial Officer. 

On
May 12, 2020, the Company and BBVA USA entered into a SBA PPP, Promissory Note, in the aggregate principal of . The note is
payable in monthly payments of 5,805 beginning on December 12, 2020, ending on May 12, 2022. The Company has requested debt forgiveness
from the SBA. As of December 31, 2022, and through the date of this report the SBA has not responded to the request and BBVA has waived
the monthly payments. 

Specific
conditions to closing consist of: 

a) 
 Purchaser s
 receipt of written limited assurance of an unqualified opinion with respect to Rontan s audited financial statements for the
 years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014 (the Opinion 

b) 
 The
 commitment of sufficient investment by General American Capital Partners LLC (the Institutional Investor ), in the Purchaser
 following receipt of the Opinion; 

c) 
 The
 accuracy of each Parties representations and warranties contained in the SPSA; 

d) 
 The
 continued operation of Rontan s business in the ordinary course; 

e) 
 The
 maintenance of all of Rontan s bank credit lines in the maximum amount of R 200 million (approximately US 52 million) under
 the same terms and conditions originally agreed with any such financial institutions, and the maintenance of all other types of funding
 arrangements. As of the date of the SPSA, Rontan s financial institution debt consists of not more than R 200 million (approximately
 US 52 million), trade debt of not more than R 50 million (approximately US 13 million) and other fiscal contingencies of not more
 that R 95 million (approximately US 24.7 million); 

f) 
 Rontan
 shall enter into employment or consulting service agreements with key employees and advisors identified by the Purchaser, including
 Rontan s Chief Executive Officer; and 

g) 
 The
 Sellers continued guarantee of Rontan s bank debt for a period of 90 days following issuance of the Opinion, among other items. 

The
Institutional Investor has committed to invest sufficient capital to facilitate the transaction, subject to receipt of the Opinion, as
well as the ability to acquire 100 of the outstanding stock of Rontan at a price of 200 million BR, and the Company can acquire 100 
of all real estate held by Rontan. 

Subject
to satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent provided for in the SPSA, the closing date of the transaction shall take place
within 10 business days from the date of issuance of the Opinion. 

Rontan
is engaged in the manufacture and distribution of specialty vehicles and acoustic/visual signaling equipment for the industrial and automotive
markets. 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2015, on April 1, 2016, we believed that we had satisfied or otherwise waived the conditions to closing (as disclosed
under the SPSA, the closing was subject to specific conditions to closing, which were waivable by us,) and advised the Sellers of our
intention to close the SPSA and demanded delivery of the Rontan Securities. The Sellers, however, notified us that they intend to terminate
the SPSA. We believe that the Sellers had no right to terminate the SPSA and that notice of termination by the Sellers was not permitted
under the terms of the SPSA. 

On
January 31, 2018, we announced that we initiated a lawsuit for damages against Grupo Rontan Metalurgica, S. A, Rontan and that company s controlling shareholders, Joao Alberto Bolzan and Jose Carlos Bolzan. The action has been filed in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Florida. The complaint alleges that Rontan is wholly owned by Joao Bolzan and Jose
Bolzan. In the complaint, we further allege that Rontan and its shareholders improperly terminated a Share Purchase and Sale Agreement
(the SPA by which we were to acquire whole ownership of Rontan. 

On
February 5, 2018, United States District Court Southern District of Florida filed a Pretrial Scheduling Order and Order Referring Case
to Mediation dated February 5, 2018, for the Company s lawsuit against Grupo Rontan Electro Metalurgica, S.A., et al. The Case No.
is 18-80106-Civ-Middlebrooks/Brannon. The court has issued a schedule outlining various documents and responses that are to be delivered
by the parties as part of the discovery plan. 

On
April 25, 2018, the Note of Filing Proposed Summons was completed by the Company. On April 26, 2018, a summons was issued to Grupo Rontan
Electro Metalurgica, S.A. Also, on May 15, 2018, the Company filed a motion for Issuance of Letters Rogatory. 

Consulting
agreements 

The
Company entered into two consulting agreements (See Note 5) in May 2016, for services to be provided in connection towards the resolution
of the Rontan lawsuit (below). The consulting agreements includes a monthly retainer payment of 10,000 to each consultant. The agreement
also includes consideration of 5,000,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company, plus a 5 cash consideration of the Resolution
Progress Funding, (defined as upon the retention of legal counsel and receipt of funding for the litigation), as of the Resolution Progress
Funding date and 10,000,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company and a 5 cash consideration of the Resolution Funding amount
(defined as a settlement or judgement in favor of the Company by Rotan),at the Resolution Funding date. The Resolution Progress funding
was met on December 22, 2017. 

shares of noncumulative, non-voting, convertible preferred stock, par value per share. At December
31, 2022, and 2021, shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 

On
August 15, 2016, William J. Delgado, our current Chief Executive Officer, agreed to convert 231,565 of indebtedness owed to him by the
Company into 1,000,000 shares of convertible preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). The Preferred Stock has voting rights
as to one (1) preferred share to four hundred (400) shares of the common stock of the Company. The Preferred Stock is convertible into
common stock at any time after issuance into 37 of the outstanding common stock of the Company at the time of the conversion. The conversion
to common can only take place when there are an adequate number of shares that are available and is subject to normal stock adjustments
(i.e. stock splits etc.) that are executed by the Company in its normal course of business. 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue shares of common stock, par value per share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were 800,542,896
and 737,263,858 Issued, outstanding, or vested but unissued under stock compensation plans, respectively. 

Common
Stock Warrant 

We
have issued warrants, which are fully vested and available for exercise, as follows: 

The following is a summary of outstanding
and exercisable warrants at December 31, 2022: 

All
warrants are exercisable at any time through the date of expiration. All agreements provide for the number of shares to be adjusted in
the event of a stock split, a reverse stock split, a share exchange or other conversion or exchange event in which case the number of
warrants and the exercise price of the warrants shall be adjusted on a proportional basis. 

The
following is a summary of outstanding and exercisable warrants at December 31, 2021: 

Outstanding 
 
 Exercisable 

Weighted 

Average 
 
 Outstanding 

Range
 of 
 
 Number 
 
 Remaining 
 
 Weighted 
 
 Number 
 
 Weighted 
 
 Exercise 
 
 Outstanding 
 
 Contractual 
 
 Average 
 
 Exercisable 
 
 Average 
 
 Prices 
 
 at
 12/31/2021 
 
 Life
 (in yrs) 
 
 Exercise
 Price 
 
 at
 12/31/2021 
 
 Exercise
 Price 

The
intrinsic value of warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022, and 2021, was 0. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value of the
Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period in excess of the exercise price of the warrant multiplied
by the number of warrants outstanding or exercisable. 

Stock
Incentive Plans 

2014
Global Digital Solutions Equity Incentive Plan 

On
May 9, 2014, our shareholders approved the 2014 Global Digital Solutions Equity Incentive Plan Plan and reserved 20,000,000
shares of our common stock for issuance pursuant to awards thereunder, including options, stock appreciation right, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalents, or other stock-based awards. The Plan is intended as an incentive,
to retain in the employ of the Company, our directors, officers, employees, consultants, and advisors, and to attract new officers, employees,
directors, consultants and advisors whose services are considered valuable, to encourage the sense of proprietorship and to stimulate
the active interest of such persons in the development and financial success of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

In
accordance with the ACS 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , awards granted are valued at fair value at the grant date.
The Company recognizes compensation expense on a pro rata straight-line basis over the requisite service period for stock-based compensation
awards with both graded and cliff vesting terms. The Company recognizes the cumulative effect of a change in the number of awards expected
to vest in compensation expense in the period of change. The Company has not capitalized any portion of its stock-based compensation. 

Stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 0 and 5,075, respectively. 

Awards
Issued Under Stock Incentive Plans 

Stock
Option Activity 

On
December 31, 2022, and 2021we have outstanding stock options of 12,900,000 and 13,650,002 respectively - all of which are fully-vested
stock options that were granted to directors, officers and consultants. The outstanding stock options are exercisable at prices ranging
from 0.006 to 0.64 and expire between February 2024 and December 2025, for an average exercise price per share of 0.60 and an average
remaining term of 3 years as of December 31, 2022. In 2021 there were 750,000 options exercised. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we did not recognize any stock-based compensation cost related to the outstanding stock
options. The intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31, 2022, and 2021, was 0. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the
value of the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the fiscal period in excess of the exercise price of the
option multiplied by the number of options outstanding. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

On
October 10, 2014, we granted an employee 1 million RSU s convertible into 1 million shares of the Company s common stock,
with a grant date fair market value of 100,000. The grant was made under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 333,333 RSU s will vest
in respect of each calendar year (commencing January 1 and ending December 31) of the Company from 2015 through 2017 if the Company has
achieved at least 90 of the total revenue and EBITDA midpoint targets set forth in the agreement. If less than 90 of the target is
achieved in respect of any such fiscal year, then the number of RSU s vesting for that fiscal year shall be 333,333 times the applicable
percentage set forth in the agreement; provided that, if the company shall exceed 100 of the revenue and EBITDA midpoint target
for the 2018 or 2017 calendar year, and shall have failed to reach 90 of the target for a prior calendar year, the excess over 100 
shall be applied to reduce the deficiency in the prior year(s), and an additional number of RSU s shall vest to reflect the increased
revenue for such prior calendar year. Any such excess shall be applied first to reduce any deficiency for the 2015 calendar year and
then for the 2016 calendar year. The vesting of the RSU s shall be effective upon the issuance of the audited financial statements
of the Company for the applicable calendar year and shall be based upon the total revenue and EBITDA of the acquired companies as reflected
in such financial statements. 

Awards
Not Issued Under Stock Incentive Plans 

Restricted
Stock Grants Awarded to Advisors 

In
order to align our senior advisors with the interest of the stakeholders of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company has granted
the advisors restricted stock awards valued at 0.17 to 0.364 per share which vest over a period of 12 24 months, subject to
remaining an advisor for a minimum of twelve months, and which are forfeited if the advisor is terminated or is no longer an advisor
on the anniversary of the advisory award, as follows: 

4 

Richard
 J. Feldman 

Gary
 Gray 

Ross
 Trevino 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of the restricted stock grant was 0 on December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Permanent Differences: 

Loss
 on disposal of fixed assets 

Change
 in warrant liability 

Change
 in derivative 

Debt
 discount amortization 

Estimate
 loss - tax basis 

Reconciliations
between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 consist as follows: 

Permanent
 Differences 

Loss on disposal of Fixed assets 

Change
 in warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Change
 in derivative 

Debt
 discount amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Increase
 (decrease) in valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 tax expense (benefit) at 

Company's
 effective tax rate 

NOL
 tax benefit 

Total
 Deferred Tax Assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had of federal net operating loss carry forwards. These
carry forwards, if not used, will begin to expire in 2029. Current or future ownership changes, including issuances of common stock under
the terms of the Company s convertible notes payable that were entered into during 2015 and the closing of the Rontan Transaction
may severely limit the future realization of these net operating losses. 

The
Company provides for a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that they will not realize a portion of the deferred tax assets.
The Company has established a valuation allowance against their net deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty that enough taxable income
will be generated in those taxing jurisdictions to utilize the assets. Therefore, they have not reflected any benefit of such deferred
tax assets in the accompanying financial statements. The Company s net deferred tax asset and valuation allowance increased by
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the current year activity. 

The
Company has reviewed all income tax positions taken or that are expected to be taken for all open years and determined that their income
tax positions are appropriately stated and supported for all open years. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations
by tax authorities for years after 2011 due to unexpired net operating loss carryforwards originating in and subsequent to that year.
The Company may be subject to income tax examinations for the various taxing authorities which vary by jurisdiction. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income taxes in the
consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, there were no unrecognized tax benefits, or any tax related interest
or penalties. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the various states in which they operate. The former members of
NACSV are required to file separate federal and state tax returns for NACSV for the periods prior to our acquisition of NACSV. The Company
files consolidated tax returns for subsequent periods. The Company has not filed their U.S. federal and certain state tax returns since
2014 and currently do not have any examinations ongoing. Tax returns for the years 2012 onwards are subject to federal, state or local
examinations. 

in accrued compensation. 

During
2021 Mr.Delgado paid off approximately of the Company s debt. The Company paid Mr. Delgado approximately 1,326,000 which
included repayment for amounts paid for the notes and compensation. The Company owes Mr. Delgado at December 31, 2021 for money
advanced. 

During
2022 Mr. Delgado advance The Company for payment of operating expenses. The Company reimbursed Mr. Delgado for his
outstanding balance at December 31, 2021, and the current year advance. The Company owes Mr. Delgado approximated at December
31, 2022.Due from Related Party 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, The Company advanced approximately to Eco Growth Strategies for operating expenses .
During 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, and 2021, the Company advanced Eco Growth Strategies, a related entity, 80,195 to cover administrative costs
and legal expense. 

Accounts
Payable 

Charter 804CS 

Gary Gray 

Accrued
Compensation 

On
December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had 21,163 and .00 payable to William J. Delgado and 120,834 and to Jerome Gomolski, respectively. 

2022 Salary 

Payments 

Balance 12/31/2022 

Convertible Note in the aggregate principal of .67
less an original issue discount of .67.
The note shall be paid in one or more tranches. The Company received the first tranche of 21,500, on January 12, 2023. The maturity
of each tranche shall be 12 months after each Tranche is advanced. The note is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company.
The conversion price shall be the lower of 0.01 or the lowest trade price on the Advance Date of the first Tranche. 

On
January 12, 2023, the Company and GS Capital Partners, LLC. entered into a security purchase agreement for a Convertible Note in the
aggregate principal of , due on . The note is convertible into shares
of common stock of the Company. The conversion price shall be the lower of 0.01 or the lowest trade price on the date of the First Tranche,
Fixed Conversion Price. Upon the advance of the First Tranche the Company shall issue warrants to purchase shares of the Company
common stock. The exercise price is 0.024 per share with a term of 120 Months. 

2/6/2023 

2/7/2023 

2/8/2023 

2/21/2023 

2/23/2023 

3/1/2023 

3/7/2023 

3/17/2023 

3/22/2023 

4/18/2023 

3/17/2023 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gdsi_20221231-10kex31z1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

GLOBAL DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William Delgado, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Digital
Solutions, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

 /s/ William Delgado 

 William Delgado 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 Date: April xx, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31>
 3
 gdsi_20221231-10kex31z2.htm
 EX-31

GLOBAL DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jerome J. Gomolski, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Digital
Solutions, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

 /s/ Jerome J. Gomolski 

Jerome J. Gomolski 

 Principal Accounting Officer 

 Date: April xx, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gdsi_20221231-10kex32z1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

GLOBAL DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Digital Solutions, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his
knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

By: 

 /s/ William Delgado 

 William Delgado 

 Principal Executive Officer 

 Date: April xx, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gdsi_20221231-10kex32z2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

GLOBAL DIGITAL SOLUTIONS, INC. 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Global Digital Solutions, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his
knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

By: /s/ Jerome J. Gomolski 

Jerome J. Gomolski 

 Principal Accounting Officer 

 Date: April xx, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gdsi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gdsi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gdsi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gdsi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

