<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1376231_0001213900-23-029512.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4648599</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>419658</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>859880</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1093836</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1019077</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1151550</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029512.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413160656
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029512
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VPR Brands, LP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001376231
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				900191208
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54435
		FILM NUMBER:		23818433

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-537-6607

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1141 SAWGRASS CORPORATE PARKWAY
		CITY:			SUNRISE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33323

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Soleil Capital L.P.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JobsInSite, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060922

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029512.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_vprbrands.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
_____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common units representing limited partner interests 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec. 229.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common units held
by non-affiliates of the registrant was . For purposes of this disclosure, units held by persons who hold more than 5 of the
outstanding units and units held by executive officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded because such persons may be
deemed to be affiliates. This determination of executive officer or affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for
other purposes. 

The number of the registrant s voting and
non-voting common units representing limited partner interests outstanding as of April 13, 2023 
was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

VPR Brands, LP 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 21 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 42 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 42 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 42 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 42 

PART II 
 
 43 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 43 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 43 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 43 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 50 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 50 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 50 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 50 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 51 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 51 

PART III 
 
 52 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 52 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 54 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 55 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 55 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 68 

PART IV 
 
 69 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 69 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 73 

SIGNATURES 
 
 74 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 

In addition to historical
information, this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are those that predict or
describe future events or trends and that do not relate solely to historical matters. You can generally identify forward-looking statements
as statements containing the words believe, expect, will, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, project, assume or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements
contain these identifying words. All statements in this report regarding our future strategy, future operations, projected financial position,
estimated future revenue, projected costs, future prospects, and results that might be obtained by pursuing management s current
plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements because the
matters they describe are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond
our control. Important risks that might cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking
statements are contained in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ). Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently available to us and speak only
as of the date on which this report was filed with the SEC. We expressly disclaim any obligation to issue any updates or revisions to
our forward-looking statements, even if subsequent events cause our expectations to change regarding the matters discussed in those statements.
Over time, our actual results, performance or achievements will likely differ from the anticipated results, performance or achievements
that are expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements, and such difference may be significant and materially adverse to our
security holders. 

In this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms VPR Brands, the Company, we, our 
and or us, refer to VPR Brands, LP. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 

Our Business 

We are a company engaged in
the electronic cigarette, personal vaporizer and pocket lighter industry. We own a portfolio of electronic cigarette, personal vaporizer
patent and pocket lighter patents which are the basis for our efforts to: 

Design, market and distribute a line of pocket lighters under the DISSIM brand; 

Design, market and distribute a line of vaporizers for essential oils, concentrates, and dry herbs under the HONEYSTICK brand; 

Design, market and distribute a line of cannabidiol CBD products under the GOLD LINE brand; 

Design, market and distribute electronic cigarettes and popular vaporizers under the KRAVE brand; 

Prosecute and enforce our patent rights; 

License our intellectual property; and 

Develop private label manufacturing programs. 

Electronic Cigarettes, Personal Vaporizers,
Medical Vaporizers for Cannabis Use 

Electronic cigarettes 
or e-cigarettes, are battery-powered products that enable users to inhale nicotine vapor without smoke, tar, ash, or carbon
monoxide. Electronic cigarettes look like traditional cigarettes and, regardless of their construction are comprised of three functional
components: 

A mouthpiece, which is a small plastic cartridge that contains a liquid nicotine solution; 

The heating element that vaporizes the liquid nicotine so that it can be inhaled; and 

The electronics, which include: a lithium-ion battery, an airflow sensor, a microchip controller and an LED, which illuminates to indicate use. 

When a user draws air through
the electronic cigarette, the air flow is detected by a sensor, which activates a heating element that vaporizes the solution stored in
the mouthpiece/cartridge, the solution is then vaporized and it is this vapor that is inhaled by the user. The cartridge contains either
a nicotine solution or a nicotine-free solution, either of which may be flavored. 

We have developed a line of
electronic cigarette e-liquids which were previously sold under the brand name Helium. We plan to develop a complete line
of disposable and rechargeable electronic personal vaporizers for cannabis and CBD under the Helium brand. 

Disposable electronic vaporizers
feature a one-piece construction that houses all the components and is utilized until the nicotine or nicotine-free solution is depleted. 

Rechargeable electronic vaporizers
feature a rechargeable battery and replaceable cartridge. The cartridges are changed when the solution is depleted from use. 

Personal vaporizers are similar
in form and function to electronic cigarettes but typically have a larger form factor and are used to vaporize solutions that are not
nicotine-based and may include flavors and or flavor combinations. They are most widely used for cannabis extracts including CBD. 

Personal vaporizers or vaporizers
typically feature a tank and a chamber, a heating element and a battery. The vaporizer user fills the tank with a liquid solution or the
chamber with wax, dry herb or leaf. The vaporizer battery can be recharged and the tank and chamber can be refilled. 

1 

Medical vaporizers for cannabis use function similarly to electronic
cigarettes and vaporizers but have unique design characteristics to enable patients to vape the different forms of cannabis. Generally,
these forms are essential oils, concentrates, as well as dry herb. This results in a similar effect but it is cannabis concentrates being
vaporized instead of nicotine liquid or a flavored cartridge, so the design has to be changed to vaporize these different textures. 

We have developed a
line of vaporizers that are for use with medical cannabis under the HONEYSTICK brand. These vaporizers are designed for
sale in the medical and recreational cannabis markets and currently feature mainly vaporizers for essential oils and concentrates. We
plan to launch and develop more units for dry herb and continue to expand the line to offer more innovative technology that is high performance
and convenient. The Company also conducts most of its private label production for cannabis oriented vaporizers. 

The U.S. Market for Electronic Cigarettes and
Medical Cannabis Vaporizers 

Electronic cigarettes are
generally marketed as an alternative to traditional tobacco-burning cigarettes. Because electronic cigarettes offer a smoking 
experience without the burning of tobacco leaf, electronic cigarettes offer users the ability to satisfy their nicotine cravings without
the byproducts of smoke, tar, ash or carbon monoxide. In many cases electronic cigarettes are not subject to the use prohibitions of tobacco-burning
cigarettes and therefore, may be used in more places than conventional cigarettes. Certain states, cities, businesses, providers of transportation
and public venues in the U.S. have already banned the use of electronic cigarettes, however, and others are considering banning the use
of electronic cigarettes. We cannot provide any assurances that the use of electronic cigarettes will not be banned anywhere traditional
tobacco-burning cigarette use is banned. 

We believe that the market
for medical and recreational cannabis products, including cannabis vape products, continues to expand as the legal climate within the
U.S. has resulted in more states permitting recreational and/or medical cannabis use. Vape products are growing as a delivery device because
they allow very convenient, effective and discrete ways of delivery that minimize, odor and exposure. Vape products also allow for the
vaporization of all textures of cannabis, which allows for effective dosing. 

The
U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical
purposes. Therefore, federal law criminalizing the use of marijuana preempts state laws that legalize its use for medicinal purposes. 

The
U.S. federal government regulates drugs through the CSA, which places controlled substances, including cannabis, in a schedule. Cannabis
is classified as a Schedule I controlled substance. A Schedule I controlled substance is defined as a substance that has no
currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse.
The U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ defines Schedule I drugs, substances or chemicals as drugs with no currently
accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. However, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA has
approved Epidiolex, which contains a purified form of the drug cannabidiol CBD ), a non-psychoactive ingredient
in the cannabis plant, for the treatment of seizures associated with two epilepsy conditions. The FDA has not approved cannabis or cannabis
compounds as a safe and effective drug for any other condition. Moreover, pursuant to the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the Farm
Bill ), CBD remains a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA, with a narrow exception for CBD derived from hemp with a tetrahydrocannabinol THC concentration of less than 0.3 . 

The
Company maintains its operations so as to remain in compliance with the CSA. Even in those jurisdictions in which the manufacture and
use of medical marijuana has been legalized at the state level, the possession, use and cultivation all remain violations of federal law
that are punishable by imprisonment and substantial fines, and the prescription of marijuana is a violation of federal law. Moreover,
individuals and entities may violate federal law if they intentionally aid and abet another in violating these federal controlled substance
laws or conspire with another to violate them. 

2 

The
inconsistencies between federal and state regulation of cannabis were addressed in a memorandum (the Cole Memo which then-Deputy
Attorney General James Cole sent to all U.S. District Attorneys in 2013 outlining certain priorities for the DOJ relating to the prosecution
of cannabis offenses. The Cole Memo acknowledged that, notwithstanding the designation of cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance
at the federal level, several states had enacted laws authorizing the use of cannabis for medical purposes. The Cole Memo noted that jurisdictions
that have enacted laws legalizing cannabis in some form have also implemented strong and effective regulatory and enforcement systems
to control the cultivation, processing, distribution, sale, and possession of cannabis. As such, conduct in compliance with those laws
and regulations is less likely to implicate the Cole Memo s enforcement priorities. The DOJ did not provide (and has not provided
since) specific guidelines for what regulatory and enforcement systems would be deemed sufficient under the Cole Memo. In light of limited
investigative and prosecutorial resources, the Cole Memo concluded that the DOJ should be focused on addressing only the most significant
threats related to cannabis, such as distribution of cannabis from states where cannabis is legal to those where cannabis is illegal,
the diversion of cannabis revenues to illicit drug cartels and sales of cannabis to minors. 

On January 4, 2018, former U.S. Attorney General
Jeff Sessions issued a new memorandum (the Sessions Memo which rescinded the Cole Memo. The Sessions Memo stated, in part,
that current law reflects Congress determination that cannabis is a dangerous drug and cannabis activity is a serious crime, 
and Mr. Sessions directed all U.S. Attorneys to enforce the laws enacted by Congress by following well-established principles when
pursuing prosecutions related to cannabis activities. The Company is not aware of any prosecutions of investment companies doing routine
business with licensed marijuana related businesses in light of the DOJ position following issuance of the Sessions Memo. However, there
can be no assurance that the federal government will not enforce federal laws relating to cannabis in the future. As a result of the Sessions
Memo, federal prosecutors are now free to utilize their prosecutorial discretion to decide whether to prosecute cannabis activities, despite
the existence of state-level laws that may be inconsistent with federal prohibitions. No direction was given to federal prosecutors in
the Sessions Memo as to the priority they should ascribe to such cannabis activities, and thus it is uncertain how active U.S. federal
prosecutors will be in relation to such activities. 

3 

Federal
prosecutors appear to continue to use the Cole Memo s priorities as an enforcement guide. Merrick Garland, who became Attorney General
on March 10, 2021, has indicated that he would deprioritize enforcement of low-level cannabis crimes such as possession,
and has shared his view that the government should focus on large-scale criminal enterprises that circumvent state legalization laws instead
of going after people who abide by local cannabis policies. The Company believes it is too soon to determine what prosecutorial effects
will be created by the rescission of the Cole Memo or any replacement thereof and when or if the Sessions Memo will be rescinded. To date,
there has been no new federal cannabis memoranda issued by the Biden Administration or any published change in federal enforcement policy.
Regardless, U.S. federal government has always reserved the right to enforce federal law regarding the sale and disbursement of medical
or recreational marijuana, even if state law sanctioned such sale and disbursement. Although the rescission of the Cole Memo does not
necessarily indicate that marijuana industry prosecutions are now affirmatively a priority for the DOJ, there can be no assurance that
the U.S. federal government will not enforce such laws in the future. The sheer size of the cannabis industry, in addition to participation
by state and local governments and investors, however, suggests that a large-scale federal enforcement operation would more than likely
create unwanted political backlash for the DOJ and the current administration. Regardless, at this time, cannabis remains a Schedule I
controlled substance at the federal level. It is unclear whether the risk of enforcement has been altered. 

One
legislative safeguard for the medical cannabis industry, appended to the federal budget bill, remains in place following the rescission
of the Cole Memo. For several years, Congress has adopted a so-called rider provision to the Consolidated Appropriations
Act (formerly referred to as the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment and currently referred to as the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment) to prevent
the federal government from using congressionally appropriated funds to enforce federal cannabis laws against regulated medical cannabis
actors operating in compliance with state and local law. Despite the rescission of the Cole Memo, the DOJ appears to continue to adhere
to the enforcement priorities set forth in the Cole Memo. 

The
Cole Memo and the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment gave licensed cannabis operators (particularly medical cannabis operators) and investors
in states with legal regimes greater certainty regarding the DOJ s enforcement priorities and the risk of operating cannabis businesses.
While the Sessions Memo has introduced some uncertainty regarding federal enforcement, the cannabis industry continues to experience growth
in legal medical and adult use markets across the United States. When she was a U.S. Senator, Vice President Kamala Harris was the lead
sponsor of the Marijuana Opportunity, Reinvestment, and Expungement (MORE) Act, which seeks to end the federal prohibition of marijuana,
among other things, but in March 2020, it was reported that Vice President Harris has adopted the same position as President Biden, who
opposes legalization. Currently, there is no guarantee that state laws legalizing and regulating the sale and use of cannabis will remain
in place or that local governmental authorities will not limit the applicability of state laws within their respective jurisdictions.
Unless and until the U.S. Congress amends the CSA with respect to cannabis (and as to the timing or scope of any such potential amendments
there can be no assurance), there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current U.S. federal law criminalizing cannabis. 

Although
the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, and federal
law criminalizing the use of marijuana preempts state laws that legalize its use, cannabis is largely regulated at the state level. 

State
laws that permit and regulate the production, distribution and use of cannabis for adult use or medical purposes are in direct conflict
with the CSA, which makes cannabis use and possession federally illegal. Although certain states and territories of the U.S. authorize
medical and/or adult use cannabis production and distribution by licensed or registered entities, under U.S. federal law, the possession,
use, cultivation and transfer of cannabis and any related drug paraphernalia is illegal, and any such acts are criminal acts under federal
law under any and all circumstances under the CSA. Although the Company s activities are believed to be compliant with applicable
state and local laws, strict compliance with state and local laws with respect to cannabis may neither absolve the Company of liability
under U.S. federal law, nor may it provide a defense to any federal proceeding which may be brought against the Company. 

Many states and U.S. territories have legalized
the medical and/or adult use of cannabis. 

Although we are not engaged
in the purchase, sale, growth, cultivation, harvesting, or processing of marijuana products, strict enforcement of federal prohibitions
regarding marijuana could irreparably harm our business, subject us to criminal prosecution and/or adversely affect the trading price
of our securities. We cannot provide any assurances that federal regulations will not inhibit the growth, expansion, or legality of the
cannabis movement which is highly interdependent in the growth of sales of our vaporizers. 

4 

As
part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, in the most recent COVID-19 relief bill signed into law on December 27,
2020, the U.S. Congress amended the Prevent All Cigarette Trafficking PACT Act to apply to e-cigarettes and all vaping
products. Originally passed in 2009, the PACT Act amended the existing Jenkins Act of 1949, which required interstate shippers to report
cigarette sales to state tobacco tax administrators in order to combat illicit sales and tax avoidance. The PACT Act, among other things,
prohibited the use of the U.S. Postal Service USPS to deliver cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products directly to consumers. 

In
addition to the non-mailing provisions, the PACT Act requires anyone who sells cigarettes or smokeless tobacco to register with the Bureau
of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (the ATF and the tobacco tax administrators of the states into which
a shipment is made or in which an advertisement or offer is disseminated. Delivery sellers who ship cigarettes or smokeless tobacco to
consumers are further required to label packages as containing tobacco, verify the age and identity of the customer at purchase, use a
delivery method (other than USPS) that checks identification and obtains adult customer signature at delivery, and maintain records of
delivery sales for a period of four years after the date of sale, among other things. 

The
PACT Act also requires sellers to file a monthly report with the state tobacco tax administrator and any other local or tribal entity
that taxes the sale of cigarettes. Such reports must include the name and address of the persons delivering and receiving the shipment
and the brand and quantity of the cigarettes that were shipped. These requirements apply to all sales of cigarettes and
smokeless tobacco, including sales to consumers and sales between businesses. 

The
PACT Act mandates that the ATF maintain a non-compliant list of persons who fail to comply with the Act. Placement on the list bars common
carriers and other persons from delivering products sold by the listed company. ATF distributes the list to common carriers, USPS, credit
card companies, and others to help enforce the list. 

The
2020 PACT Act amendment, the Preventing Online Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act, modifies the original definition of
 cigarette in the PACT Act to include Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems ENDS ). The term ENDS 
is defined very broadly to essentially include all vaping products, liquids, components, and accessories, whether they
contain nicotine or not. Specifically, an ENDS product is defined as any electronic device that, through an aerosolized solution,
delivers nicotine, flavor, or any other substance to the user inhaling from the device, including an
e-cigarette; an e-hookah; an e-cigar; a vape pen; an advanced refillable personal vaporizer; an electronic pipe; and any component,
liquid, part, or accessory of a device described [above], without regard to whether the component, liquid, part, or accessory
is sold separately from the device. (Emphasis added.) Based on this definition of ENDS, zero-nicotine e-liquids, synthetic tobacco-free 
nicotine e-cigarettes, and CBD/THC/hemp vape pens, among other things, would all appear to be captured. 

The
PACT Act requirements summarized above became effective in March 2021. Certain requirements (e.g., labeling, weight restrictions, and
21+ age verification on delivery) only apply to direct-to-consumer sales (made through common carriers or private delivery services).
The registration and reporting requirements apply to all sales, including business-to-business sales. 

As noted, the amended PACT
Act now prohibits the use of the USPS to deliver ENDS directly to consumers. On October 21, 2021, the USPS issued final
rules regarding the mailability of ENDS products through the USPS, while also clarifying which products are and are not covered by the
rule. The final rules clarified that hemp vape products are included within the definition of ENDS, and are thus nonmailable. The rule
also provides that a legally operating ENDS business may apply to USPS for a business-to-business exception to the general rule prohibiting
the mailing of such products. 

The PACT Act has historically
exempted businesses-to-business deliveries from the USPS ban. Specifically, the USPS ban does not extend to tobacco products mailed only
for business purposes between legally operating businesses that have all applicable State and Federal Government licenses or permits
and are engaged in tobacco product manufacturing, distribution, wholesale, export, import, testing, investigation, or research. Companies
seeking to use USPS for business-to-business deliveries must first submit an application to the USPS Pricing and Classification
Service Center and comply with several other shipping, labeling, and delivery requirements. 

Critically for the vapor industry,
the most commonly used carriers, Federal Express and United Parcel Service UPS ), ceased all deliveries of vapor products. 

Global Market 

The global e-cigarette market
size reached 21.8 billion in 2022. Looking forward, IMARC Group expects the market to reach 31.9 billion by 2028, exhibiting a growth
rate (CAGR) of 4.4 during 2023-2028. The rising demand for e-cigarettes among individuals to quit smoking, wide availability through
various distribution channels, and introduction of innovative flavors represent some of the key factors driving the market. 

Revenue in the e-cigarettes segment amounts to 24.61
billion in 2023. The market is expected to grow annually by 3.44 (CAGR 2023-2027). 

In global comparison, most revenue is expected to
be generated in the United States 8,279.00 million in 2023). 

In relation to total population figures, per person
revenues of 4.24 are expected to be generated in 2023. 

5 

Distribution and Sales 

The distribution and sales
strategy for our products is tailored to the characteristics of each market, whether it be geographical, demographical, or genre (cannabis
or e-liquid). 

Our sales and distribution
channels are: 

Direct sales and distribution, where we have set up our own distribution directly to retailers. 

Single independent distributors who are responsible for distribution within a single market. 

Exclusive territory and exclusive channel distribution, where distributors have an exclusive territory within a country or an exclusive right to sell within a distribution channel (e.g. gas stations). 

Distribution through wholesalers, where we supply either national or regional wholesalers who then service retailers. 

Internet/e-commerce sales, where we sell directly to end users through one of our internet websites and/or landing pages. 

Distribution through online distributors that sell to an extensive network of resellers. 

Distribution through dispensaries who are responsible for dispensing medical or recreational cannabis. 

Business Strategy 

VPR Brands is a holding company,
whose assets include an issued U.S. patent for atomization related products, including technology for medical marijuana vaporizers and
electronic cigarette products and components, as well as pocket lighters. The Company is also engaged in product development for the vapor
or vaping market, including e-liquids. Electronic cigarettes are electronic devices which deliver nicotine through atomization, or vaping
of e-liquids and without smoke and other chemicals constituents typically found in traditional tobacco burning cigarette products. 

Our portfolio of electronic
cigarette personal vaporizer and pocket lighter patents are the basis for our efforts to: 

Design, market and distribute a line of pocket lighters under the DISSIM brand; 

Design, market and distribute a line of vaporizers for essential oils, concentrates, and dry herbs under the HONEYSTICK brand; 

Design, market and distribute a line of CBD products under the GOLD LINE brand; 

Design, market and distribute electronic cigarettes and popular vaporizers; 

Prosecute and enforce our patent rights; 

License our intellectual property; and 

Develop private label manufacturing programs. 

Our electronic cigarette e-liquids
are marketed as an alternative to tobacco burning cigarettes. 

We design, develop, market
and distribute a line of products oriented toward the cannabis markets, which is the HoneyStick brand of vaporizers and the Goldline CBD
products. This allows us to capitalize on the rapidly growing expansion within the cannabis markets. The original HoneyStick vaporizer
placed second in the High Times SoCal Cannabis Cup in 2016, greatly popularizing the brand and making its performance recognized. 

6 

Patent Rights 

We are evaluating our options
and conducting investigations to determine if our intellectual property is being infringed upon in the U.S. and if so, by whom. We are
exploring legal options and strategies related to prosecuting infringers and pursuing available remedies. The Company has hired a law
firm on contingency basis to file suit against infringers. 

License of our Technology 

In light of recent lawsuits
filed against several electronic cigarette companies, we believe that an opportunity exists to license our patented technology to companies
named in those lawsuits and others who may be seeking an alternative to the electronic cigarette technologies which are or may be subject
to patent litigation. The Company is actively enforcing its intellectual property rights via lawsuits against infringers. 

Private Label 

As an extension of our plan
to license our technology to other electronic cigarette companies, we plan to offer private label manufacturing programs for electronic
cigarette as well as cannabis vape companies that would rather purchase a finished manufactured product, rather than simply purchasing
a license to manufacture their products using our technology. We believe that we have a greater understanding of the manufacturing process
than a licensee would and that we can better oversee the manufacturing process of our patented technologies and offer a more reliable
and higher quality product through our supply chain than can otherwise be achieved by third parties. 

Competition 

Competition in the electronic
cigarette and vaporizer industry is intense. We compete with other sellers of electronic cigarettes, the nature of our competitors is
varied as the market is highly fragmented and the barriers to entry into the business are low. Our direct competitors sell products that
are substantially similar to ours and through the same channels through which we sell our electronic cigarette products. We compete with
these direct competitors for sales through distributors, wholesalers and retailers, including but not limited to national chain stores,
tobacco shops, dispensaries gas stations, travel stores, shopping mall kiosks, in addition to direct to public sales through the internet,
mail order and telesales. As a general matter, we have access to and market and sell the similar electronic cigarettes as our competitors
and since we sell our products at substantially similar prices as our competitors. 

Part of our business strategy
focuses on the establishment of contractual relationships with distributors and prominent branding focused on performance and quality.
We are aware that e-cigarette competitors in the industry are also seeking to enter into such contractual relationships and try to create
brand loyalty. In many cases, competitors for such contracts may have greater management, human, and financial resources than we do for
entering into such contracts and for attracting distributor relationships. Furthermore, certain of our electronic cigarette competitors
may have better control of their supply and distribution, be, better established, larger and better financed than our Company. 

We also compete against
 big tobacco , U.S. cigarette manufacturers of both conventional tobacco cigarettes and electronic cigarettes like Altria
Group, Inc., Lorillard, Inc. and Reynolds American, Inc. We compete against big tobacco who offers not only conventional tobacco cigarettes
and electronic cigarettes but also smokeless tobacco products such as snus (a form of moist ground smokeless tobacco that
is usually sold in sachet form that resembles small tea bags), chewing tobacco and snuff. Big tobacco has nearly limitless resources,
global distribution networks in place and a customer base that is fiercely loyal to their brands. Furthermore, we believe that big tobacco
will devote more attention and resources to developing and offering electronic cigarettes as the market for electronic cigarettes grows.
Because of their well-established sales and distribution channels, marketing expertise and significant resources, big tobacco is better
positioned than small competitors like us to capture a larger share of the electronic cigarette market. 

We also face competition from
manufacturers in China as they try to increase their U.S. presence by marketing directly to members within our supply and value chain
similar products. 

We may also face competition
from other patent holders, including but not limited to, Imperial Tobacco Group Plc, Europe s second-biggest tobacco company, who
in September 2013 acquired a portfolio of electronic cigarette patents from Dragonite International Ltd. (formerly Ruyan Group Holdings
Limited) for 75 million, as we attempt to negotiate and contract with other electronic cigarette companies to license our intellectual
property. 

7 

Manufacturing 

We depend on third party manufacturers
for our electronic cigarettes, vaporizers and accessories. Our customers associate certain characteristics of our products including the
weight, feel, draw, unique flavor, packaging and other attributes of our products to the brands we market, distribute and sell. Any interruption
in supply and/or consistency of our products may adversely impact our ability to deliver our products to our wholesalers, distributors
and customers and otherwise harm our relationships and reputation with customers, and have a materially adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Although we believe that several
alternative sources for our products are available, any failure to obtain the components, chemical constituents and manufacturing services
necessary for the production of our products would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Source and Availability of Raw Materials 

We believe that an adequate
supply of product and raw materials will be available to us as needed and from multiple sources and suppliers. 

Intellectual Property 

We own the following U.S.
patent: 

Electronic Cigarette, Patent 8,205,622 as issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office on May 14, 2012. 

In addition, as a result of
the acquisition of certain assets from Vapor Corp. Vapor ), the Company has acquired various trademarks and domains. The
following is the list of trademarks: 

Trademark 
 Application No. 
 Application Date 
 Registration No. 
 Registration Date 
 
 VAPORIN 

B-BUZZ N 
 86856758 
 12/22/15 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 CHILLER B 
 86856798 
 12/22/15 
 5012851 
 2-Aug-16 
 
 ECIGTRONICS 
 85371221 
 7/14/11 
 4191835 
 14-Aug-12 
 
 EZSMOKER 
 77681034 
 3/2/09 
 3800589 
 8-Jun-10 
 
 FIFTY-ONE 
 77514632 
 7/3/08 
 3762126 
 23-Mar-10 
 
 FUMARE 
 85419589 
 9/10/11 
 4302950 
 12-Mar-13 
 
 GOLDMINE 
 85495797 
 12/15/11 
 4186101 
 7-Aug-12 
 
 GREENLINE 
 85495369 
 12/14/11 
 4186059 
 7-Aug-12 
 
 GREEN PUFFER 
 77683491 
 3/4/09 
 3800608 
 8-Jun-10 
 
 HONEY STICK 
 86711441 
 7/31/15 
 4877766 
 29-Dec-15 
 
 HOOKAH STIX 
 85432021 
 9/26/11 
 4388693 
 20-Aug-13 
 
 KRAVE 
 77598996 
 10/23/08 
 3753097 
 23-Feb-10 
 
 MINIMAX 
 85714681 
 8/28/12 
 4385494 
 13-Aug-13 
 
 RED LINE 
 85495799 
 12/15/11 
 4186102 
 7-Aug-12 
 
 SMOKE STAR 
 77846705 
 10/12/09 
 3795716 
 1-Jun-10 
 
 THE BEE KEEPER 
 86856822 
 12/22/15 
 5012853 
 2-Aug-16 
 
 THE B-HIGH V 
 86856819 
 12/22/15 
 5017261 
 9-Aug-16 
 
 THE BUMBLER 
 86856830 
 12/22/15 
 5012854 
 2-Aug-16 
 
 THE TRIO 
 77956805 
 3/11/10 
 3876177 
 16-Nov-10 
 
 VAPE NAKED 
 86693699 
 7/15/15 
 5043802 
 20-Sep-16 
 
 VAPOR X 
 85200284 
 12/17/10 
 4005660 
 2-Aug-11 
 
 VAPORE 
 85419587 
 9/10/11 
 4306905 
 19-Mar-13 
 
 VX 
 86043664 
 8/21/13 
 4542479 
 3-Jun-14 

8 

The following are the website
domains acquired: 

Greenecig.com 

Greenpuffer.com 

Mrecig.com 

Nicstics.com 

Onedollarecig.com 

Onedollarecigs.com 

Smokeexchange.com 

Smokegenius.com 

www.vaporin.com 

www.kraveit.com 

www.vapehoneystick.com 

www.ivaporx.com 

Government Regulations 

Tobacco Deemed Products 

Pursuant to a December 2010
decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, in Sottera, Inc. v. Food Drug Administration, 627 F.3d
891 (D.C. Cir. 2010), the FDA is permitted to regulate electronic cigarettes as tobacco products under the Family
Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009 (the Tobacco Control Act ). Under this Court decision, the FDA
is not permitted to regulate electronic cigarettes as drugs or devices or a combination product 
under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act unless they are marketed for therapeutic purposes. 

The Tobacco Control Act also
requires establishment, within the FDA s new Center for Tobacco Products, of a Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee to
provide advice, information and recommendations with respect to the safety, dependence or health issues related to tobacco products. 

The FDA had previously indicated
that it intended to regulate e-cigarettes under the Tobacco Control Act through the issuance of Deeming Regulations 
that would include e-liquid, e-cigarettes, and other vaping products (collectively, Deemed Tobacco Products under
the Tobacco Control Act and subject to the FDA s jurisdiction. 

On May 10, 2016, the FDA issued
the Deeming Regulations which came into effect August 8, 2016. The Deeming Regulations amended the definition of tobacco
products to include e-liquid, e-cigarettes and other vaping products. Deemed Tobacco Products include, but are not limited to,
e-liquids, atomizers, batteries, cartomizers, clearomisers, tank systems, flavors, bottles that contain e-liquids and programmable software.
Beginning August 8, 2016, Deemed Tobacco Products became subject to all FDA regulations applicable to cigarettes, cigarette tobacco, and
other tobacco products which require: 

a prohibition on sales to those younger than 18 years of age and requirements for verification by means of photographic identification (in December 2019, the federal minimum age for sale of tobacco products was raised from 18 to 21 years); 

health and addictiveness warnings on product packages and in advertisements; 

a ban on vending machine sales unless the vending machines are located in a facility where the retailer ensures that individuals under 18 years of age are prohibited from entering at any time; 

registration with, and reporting of product and ingredient listings to, the FDA; 

no marketing of new tobacco products prior to FDA review; 

no direct and implied claims of reduced risk such as light , low and mild descriptions unless FDA confirms (a) that scientific evidence supports the claim and (b) that marketing the product will benefit public health; 

payment of user fees; 

ban on free samples; and 

childproof packaging. 

9 

In addition, the Deeming Regulations
requires any Deemed Tobacco Product that was not commercially marketed as of the grandfathering date of February 15, 2007,
to obtain premarket approval before it can be marketed in the United States. Premarket approval could take any of the following three
pathways: (1) submission of a premarket tobacco product application PMTA and receipt of a marketing authorization
order; (2) submission of a substantial equivalence report and receipt of a substantial equivalence order; or (3) submission of a request
for an exemption from substantial equivalence requirements and receipt of an substantial equivalence exemption determination. The Company
cannot predict if any of the products in our product line, all of which would be considered non-grandfathered , will receive
the required premarket approval from the FDA if the Company were to undertake obtaining premarket approval through any of the available
pathways. 

Since there were virtually
no e-liquid, e-cigarettes or other vaping products on the market as of February 15, 2007, there is no way to utilize the less onerous
substantial equivalence or substantial equivalence exemption pathways that traditional tobacco corporation can utilize. In order to obtain
premarket approval, practically all e-liquid, e-cigarettes or other vaping products would have to follow the PMTA pathway which would
cost hundreds of thousands of dollars per application. Furthermore, the Deeming Regulations also effectively froze the U.S. market on
August 8, 2016 since any new e-liquid, e-cigarette or other vaping product would be required to obtain an FDA marketing authorization
though one of the aforementioned pathways. Deemed Tobacco Products that were on the market prior to August 8, 2016 have been provided
with a grace period where such products can continue to be marketed until the May 12, 2020 PMTA submission deadline. Upon submission of
a PMTA, such products would be permitted to be sold pending the FDA s review of the submitted PMTAs, even if the May 12, 2020 deadline
has passed. 

In a press release dated July
28, 2017, the FDA also stated that the FDA plans to issue foundational rules to make the product review process more efficient,
predictable, and transparent for manufacturers, while upholding the agency s public health mission. Among other things, the FDA
intends to issue regulations outlining what information the agency expects to be included in PMTAs, Modified Risk Tobacco Product MRTP applications and reports to demonstrate Substantial Equivalence SE ). The FDA also plans to finalize guidance on
how it intends to review PMTAs for ENDS. The agency also will continue efforts to assist industry in complying with federal tobacco regulations
through online information, meetings, webinars and guidance documents . 

The Company has not filed
any PMTAs. We have switched all of our nicotine products to Tobacco Free Nicotine and/or have almost completely stopped selling nicotine
based vapor products. The Company has determined to focus on cannabis vape hardware products and lighters. 

In addition to federal regulation,
state and local governments currently legislate and regulate tobacco products, including what is considered a tobacco product, how tobacco
taxes are calculated and collected, to whom tobacco products can be sold and by whom, in addition to where tobacco products, specifically
cigarettes may be smoked and where they may not. Certain municipalities have enacted local ordinances which preclude the use of e-liquid,
e-cigarettes and other vaping products where traditional tobacco burning cigarettes cannot be used and certain states have proposed legislation
that would categorize vaping products as tobacco products, equivalent to their tobacco burning counterparts. If these bills become laws,
vaping products may lose their appeal as an alternative to traditional cigarettes, which may have the effect of reducing the demand for
the products. 

The Company may be required
to discontinue, prohibit or suspend sales of its e-liquid products in states that require us to obtain a retail tobacco license. If the
Company is unable to obtain certain licenses, approvals or permits and if the Company is not able to obtain the necessary licenses, approvals
or permits for financial reasons or otherwise and/or any such license, approval or permit is determined to be overly burdensome to the
Company, then the Company may be required to cease sales and distribution of its e-liquid products to those states, which would have a
material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a result of FDA import
alert 66-41 (which allows the detention of unapproved drugs promoted in the U.S.), U.S. Customs has from time to time temporarily and
in some instances indefinitely detained certain products. If the FDA modifies the import alert from its current form which allows U.S.
Customs discretion to release the products, to a mandatory and definitive hold the Company may no longer be able to ensure a supply of
raw materials or saleable product, which will have material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

At present, neither the Prevent
All Cigarette Trafficking Act (which prohibits the use of the USPS to mail most tobacco products and which amends the Jenkins
Act , which would require individuals and businesses that make interstate sales of cigarettes or smokeless tobacco to comply
with state tax laws) nor the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act (which governs how cigarettes can
be advertised and marketed) apply to electronic cigarettes. The application of either or both of these federal laws to electronic cigarettes would
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

10 

As
part of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, in the most recent COVID-19 relief bill signed into law on December 27,
2020, the U.S. Congress amended the Prevent All Cigarette Trafficking PACT Act to apply to e-cigarettes and all vaping
products. 

Originally
passed in 2009, the PACT Act amended the existing Jenkins Act of 1949, which required interstate shippers to report cigarette sales to
state tobacco tax administrators in order to combat illicit sales and tax avoidance. The PACT Act, among other things, prohibited the
use of the U.S. Postal Service USPS to deliver cigarettes and smokeless tobacco products directly to consumers. 

In
addition to the non-mailing provisions, the PACT Act requires anyone who sells cigarettes or smokeless tobacco to register with the Bureau
of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (the ATF and the tobacco tax administrators of the states into which
a shipment is made or in which an advertisement or offer is disseminated. Delivery sellers who ship cigarettes or smokeless tobacco to
consumers are further required to label packages as containing tobacco, verify the age and identity of the customer at purchase, use a
delivery method (other than USPS) that checks identification and obtains adult customer signature at delivery, and maintain records of
delivery sales for a period of four years after the date of sale, among other things. 

The
PACT Act also requires sellers to file a monthly report with the state tobacco tax administrator and any other local or tribal entity
that taxes the sale of cigarettes. Such reports must include the name and address of the persons delivering and receiving the shipment
and the brand and quantity of the cigarettes that were shipped. These requirements apply to all sales of cigarettes and
smokeless tobacco, including sales to consumers and sales between businesses. 

The
PACT Act mandates that the ATF maintain a non-compliant list of persons who fail to comply with the Act. Placement on the list bars common
carriers and other persons from delivering products sold by the listed company. ATF distributes the list to common carriers, USPS, credit
card companies, and others to help enforce the list. 

The
2020 PACT Act amendment, the Preventing Online Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act, modifies the original definition of
 cigarette in the PACT Act to include Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems ENDS ). The term ENDS 
is defined very broadly to essentially include all vaping products, liquids, components, and accessories, whether they
contain nicotine or not. Specifically, an ENDS product is defined as any electronic device that, through an aerosolized solution,
delivers nicotine, flavor, or any other substance to the user inhaling from the device, including an
e-cigarette; an e-hookah; an e-cigar; a vape pen; an advanced refillable personal vaporizer; an electronic pipe; and any component,
liquid, part, or accessory of a device described [above], without regard to whether the component, liquid, part, or accessory
is sold separately from the device. (Emphasis added.) Based on this definition of ENDS, zero-nicotine e-liquids, synthetic tobacco-free 
nicotine e-cigarettes, and CBD/THC/hemp vape pens, among other things, would all appear to be captured. 

The
PACT Act requirements summarized above became effective in March 2021. Certain requirements (e.g., labeling, weight restrictions, and
21+ age verification on delivery) only apply to direct-to-consumer sales (made through common carriers or private delivery services).
The registration and reporting requirements apply to all sales, including business-to-business sales. 

As
noted, the amended PACT Act now prohibits the use of the USPS to deliver ENDS directly to consumers. On October 21, 2021,
the USPS issued final rules regarding the mailability of ENDS products through the USPS, while also clarifying which products are and
are not covered by the rule. The final rules clarified that hemp vape products are included within the definition of ENDS, and are thus
nonmailable. The rule also provides that a legally operating ENDS business may apply to USPS for a business-to-business exception to the
general rule prohibiting the mailing of such products. 

The
PACT Act has historically exempted businesses-to-business deliveries from the USPS ban. Specifically, the USPS ban does not extend to
tobacco products mailed only for business purposes between legally operating businesses that have all applicable State and Federal
Government licenses or permits and are engaged in tobacco product manufacturing, distribution, wholesale, export, import, testing, investigation,
or research. Companies seeking to use USPS for business-to-business deliveries must first submit an application to
the USPS Pricing and Classification Service Center and comply with several other shipping, labeling, and delivery requirements. 

Critically for the vapor industry, the most commonly
used carriers, Federal Express and United Parcel Service UPS ), ceased all deliveries of vapor products. 

11 

The tobacco industry expects
significant regulatory developments to take place over the next few years, driven principally by the World Health Organization s
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control FCTC ). The FCTC is the first international public health treaty on tobacco,
and its objective is to establish a global agenda for tobacco regulation with the purpose of reducing initiation of tobacco use and encouraging
cessation. Regulatory initiatives that have been proposed, introduced or enacted include: 

the levying of substantial and increasing tax and duty charges; 

restrictions or bans on advertising, marketing and sponsorship; 

the display of larger health warnings, graphic health warnings and other labeling requirements; 

restrictions on packaging design, including the use of colors and generic packaging; 

restrictions or bans on the display of tobacco product packaging at the point of sale, and restrictions or bans on cigarette vending machines; 

requirements regarding testing, disclosure and performance standards for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and other smoke constituents levels; 

requirements regarding testing, disclosure and use of tobacco product ingredients; 

increased restrictions on smoking in public and work places and, in some instances, in private places and outdoors; 

elimination of duty free allowances for travelers; and 

encouraging litigation against tobacco companies. 

If e-liquid, e-cigarettes
or other vaping products are subject to one or more significant regulatory initiatives enacted under the FCTC, the Company s business,
results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Canada 

E-cigarettes with or without
nicotine are legal in Canada. In May 2018, Bill S-5: An Act to amend the Tobacco Act and Non-smokers Health Act received Royal
Assent established a new legislative framework to regulate the manufacturing, sale, labelling and promotions of vaping products in Canada.
Sales of vaping products containing nicotine are permitted to adults 18 years of age and older. Vaping products containing cannabis are
regulated under the Cannabis Act and its regulations. The Cannabis Act became law on October 17, 2018, and establishes the framework for
controlling the production, sale and possession of cannabis across Canada. On October 17, 2019, cannabis extracts, including vaping products,
became legal for sale in Canada. As with vaping products containing nicotine, the safety of cannabis vaping devices (such as the batteries)
is regulated under the CCPSA. 

Company s Efforts to Mitigate Risks Associated
with New and Evolving Regulation 

The Company is constantly
seeking to stay in compliance with all existing and reasonably expected future regulations. The Company, through its internal compliance
team, market consultants and technicians and testing labs hopes to stay in accordance with all standards whether set forth in the New
Tobacco Products Directive or the Deeming Regulations. Making sure that all e-liquid products meet and exceed the standards set forth
by each market s regulatory body is of the highest concern for the Company. Staying in compliance with all marketing and packaging
directives is imperative to maintaining access to the markets. Although these processes are costly and time consuming, it is imperative
for the Company s success that these steps are taken and constantly kept up to date. Failure to comply in a timely fashion to any
particular directive or regulation could have material adverse effects on the results of business operations. 

CBD Products 

The Company s
CBD products are subject to various state and federal laws regarding the production and sales of hemp-based products. Section 12619 of
the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 2018 Farm Bill removed hemp, as defined in the Agricultural
Marketing Act of 1946 (the 1946 Agricultural Act ), from the classification of marijuana, which is generally
prohibited as a Schedule I drug under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970 CSA ). Under the 1946 Agricultural Act
(as amended by the 2018 Farm Bill), the term hemp means the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of that plant,
including the seeds thereof and all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing
or not, with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. As a result of the
passage of the 2018 Farm Bill, and since the Company believes its CBD products contain parts of the cannabis plant with a THC concentration
of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis, the Company believes that its CBD products are not governed by the CSA and, ergo,
would not be subject to prosecution thereunder because the Company believes its CBD products contain hemp within the meaning
of the 1946 Agricultural Act (as amended by the 2018 Farm Bill) and do not contain any marijuana as prohibited under
the CSA (as amended by the 2018 Farm Bill); provided, however, there is a lack of legal protection for hemp-based products that contain
more than 0.3 percent THC and there is a risk that the Company would be subject to prosecution under the CSA in the event that its CBD
products are found to contain more than 0.3 percent THC. 

12 

Furthermore, the 1946 Agricultural
Act (as amended by the 2018 Farm Bill) provides additional regulations regarding the production of hemp-based products and there
is the risk that its CBD products may be found to be in violation of these regulations. Specifically, the 1946 Agricultural Act (as amended
by the 2018 Farm Bill) contains provisions relating to the shared state-federal jurisdiction over hemp cultivation and production,
whereby states and Indian tribes have been delegated the broad authority to regulate and limit the production and sale of hemp and hemp
products within their borders. Under the 1946 Agricultural Act (as amended by the 2018 Farm Bill), a plan under which a State or
Indian tribe monitors and regulates the production of hemp shall only be required to include (i) a practice to maintain relevant
information regarding land on which hemp is produced in the State or territory of the Indian tribe, including a legal description of the
land, for a period of not less than three calendar years; (ii) a procedure for testing, using post-decarboxylation or other similarly
reliable methods, delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration levels of hemp produced in the State or territory of the Indian tribe; (iii)
a procedure for the effective disposal of (I) plants, whether growing or not, that are produced in violation of this subtitle; and
(II) products derived from those plants; (iv) a procedure to comply with enforcement procedures; (v) a procedure for conducting annual
inspections of, at a minimum, a random sample of hemp producers to verify that hemp is not produced in violation of applicable law; (vi)
a procedure for submitting the information, as applicable, to the Secretary of Agriculture (the Secretary not more
than 30 days after the date on which the information is received; and (vii) a certification that the State or Indian tribe has the resources
and personnel to carry out the practices and procedures described in clauses (i) through (vi). Further, a hemp producer in a State
or the territory of an Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan is approved shall be determined to have negligently violated the
State or Tribal plan, including by negligently (i) failing to provide a legal description of land on which the producer
produces hemp; (ii) failing to obtain a license or other required authorization from the State department of agriculture or Tribal government,
as applicable; or (iii) producing Cannabis sativa L. with a delta-9 THC concentration of more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. 
A hemp producer that negligently violates a State or Tribal plan 3 times in a 5-year period shall be ineligible to produce hemp for a
period of 5 years beginning on the date of the third violation. If the State department of agriculture or Tribal government in a State
or the territory of an Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan, as applicable, determines that a hemp producer in the State or territory
has violated the State or Tribal plan with a culpable mental state greater than negligence (i) the State department of agriculture
or Tribal government, as applicable, shall immediately report the hemp producer to (I) the Attorney General; and (II) the chief
law enforcement officer of the State or Indian tribe, as applicable. In the case of a State or Indian tribe for which a State or
Tribal plan is not approved, the production of hemp in that State or the territory of that Indian tribe shall be subject to a plan established
by the Secretary to monitor and regulate that production. A plan established by the Secretary under shall include (A) a
practice to maintain relevant information regarding land on which hemp is produced in the State or territory of the Indian tribe, including
a legal description of the land, for a period of not less than 3 calendar years; (B) a procedure for testing, using post-decarboxylation
or other similarly reliable methods, delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration levels of hemp produced in the State or territory of the
Indian tribe; (C) a procedure for the effective disposal of (i) plants, whether growing or not, that are produced in violation of
applicable law; and (ii) products derived from those plants; (D) a procedure to comply with the enforcement procedures; (E) a procedure
for conducting annual inspections of, at a minimum, a random sample of hemp producers to verify that hemp is not produced in violation
of this subtitle; and (F) such other practices or procedures as the Secretary considers to be appropriate. The Secretary shall also establish
a procedure to issue licenses to hemp producers. In the case of a State or Indian tribe for which a State or Tribal plan is not approved
under applicable law, it shall be unlawful to produce hemp in that State or the territory of that Indian tribe without a license issued
by the Secretary. A violation of a plan established by the Secretary shall be subject to enforcement and the Secretary shall report the
production of hemp without a license issued by the Secretary to the Attorney General. In the event that the Company s CBD products
are found to be in violation of these regulations, the Company may become subject to enforcement action as provided for in the 1946 Agricultural
Act (as amended by the 2018 Farm Bill) and may become subject to prosecution thereunder. 

Financing Transaction 

The Equity Line 

On February 19, 2020 (the
 Execution Date ), the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Equity Purchase Agreement with
DiamondRock, LLC (the Investor pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the Investor committed
to purchase shares of the Company s common units (the Put Shares at an aggregate purchase price of up to 5,000,000
(the Maximum Commitment Amount over the course of the commitment period. 

Pursuant to the terms of the
Equity Purchase Agreement, the commitment period will commence upon the initial effective date of the Form S-1 Registration Statement
planned to be filed to register the Put Shares in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement as further described below and will
end on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor has purchased Put Shares from the Company pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement
equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) the date on which there is no longer an effective registration statement for the Put Shares,
(iii) 24 months after the initial effectiveness of the Registration Statement planned to be filed to register the Put Shares in accordance
with the Registration Rights Agreement as further described below, or (iv) written notice of termination by the Company to the Investor
(which will not occur at any time that the Investor holds any of the Put Shares). 

13 

From time to time over the
term of the Equity Purchase Agreement, commencing on the date on which a registration statement registering the Put Shares (the Registration
Statement becomes effective, the Company may, in its sole discretion, provide the Investor with a put notice (each a Put
Notice to purchase a specified number of the Put Shares (each a Put Amount Requested subject to the limitations
discussed below and contained in the Equity Purchase Agreement. Within two trading days of the date that the Put Notice is deemed delivered Put Date pursuant to terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the
Investor, the estimated amount of Put Shares equal to the investment amount Investment Amount indicated in the Put Notice
divided by the Initial Pricing per share, as such term is defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement (the Estimated
Put Shares as DWAC Shares. Within two trading days following the Put Date, the Investor shall pay the Investment Amount to the
Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds. 

At the end of the five trading
days following the clearing date associated with the applicable Put Notice Valuation Period ), the purchase price (the Purchase
Price shall be computed as 85 of the average daily volume weighted average price of the Company s common units during the
Valuation Period and the number of Put Shares shall be determined for a particular put as the Investment Amount divided by the Purchase
Price. If the number of Estimated Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Initial Pricing) initially delivered to the Investor is greater
than the number of Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Purchase Price) purchased by the Investor pursuant to such Put, then, within
two trading days following the end of the Valuation Period, the Investor shall deliver to the Company any excess Estimated Put Shares
associated with such put. If the number of Estimated Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Initial Pricing) delivered to the Investor
is less than the Put Shares purchased by the Investor pursuant to a put, then within two trading days following the end of the Valuation
Period the Company shall deliver to the Investor by wire transfer of immediately available funds equal to the difference between the Estimated
Put Shares and the Put Shares issuable pursuant to such put. 

The Put Amount Requested pursuant
to any single Put Notice must have an aggregate value of at least 25,000, and cannot exceed the lesser of (i) 250,000, or (ii) 150 
of the average daily trading value of the common units in the five trading days immediately preceding the Put Notice. 

In order to deliver a Put
Notice, certain conditions set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement must be met, as provided therein. In addition, the Company is prohibited
from delivering a Put Notice if: (i) the sale of Put Shares pursuant to such Put Notice would cause the Company to issue and sell to the
Investor, or the Investor to acquire or purchase, a number of shares of the Company s common units that, when aggregated with all
shares of common units purchased by the Investor pursuant to all prior Put Notices issued under the Equity Purchase Agreement, would exceed
the Maximum Commitment Amount; or (ii) the issuance of the Put Shares would cause the Company to issue and sell to Investor, or the Investor
to acquire or purchase, an aggregate number of shares of common units that would result in the Investor beneficially owning more than
4.99 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common units (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). 

If the value of the Put Shares
based on the Purchase Price determined for a particular put would cause the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount, then within
two trading days following the end of the Valuation Period the Investor shall return to the Company the surplus amount of Put Shares associated
with such put. If the number of the Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Purchase Price) determined for a particular put exceeds the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then within two trading days following the end of the Valuation Period the Investor shall return to the
Company the surplus amount of Put Shares associated with such put. Concurrently, the Company shall return within two trading days following
the end of the respective Valuation Period to the Investor, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the portion of the Investment
Amount related to the portion of Put Shares exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

Further pursuant to the Equity
Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed that if the SEC declares the Registration Statement for the Put Shares effective, then during the
12 month period immediately following the date the SEC declares the Registration Statement for the Put Shares effective, upon any issuance
by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of common units or common units equivalents for cash consideration, indebtedness or a combination
of units thereof (a Subsequent Financing ), the Investor shall have the right to participate in up to an amount of the Subsequent
Financing (that is not an Exempt Issuance as such term is defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement), equal to 50 of the
Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum on the same terms, conditions and price provided for in such Subsequent
Financing; provided, however, where (i) the person or persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected
will not agree to such participation by the Investor and (ii) the Investor will not agree to finance the total amount of such Subsequent
Financing in lieu of the person or persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected, the Investor shall
have no right to participate in such Subsequent Financing. 

Further pursuant to the Equity
Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to reserve a sufficient number of shares of its common units for the Investor pursuant to the Equity
Purchase Agreement and all other contracts between the Company and the Investor. 

14 

Registration Rights Agreement 

On the Execution Date, the
Company also entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with the Investor pursuant
to which the Company is obligated to file the Registration Statement to register the resale of the Put Shares. Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company must (i) file the Registration Statement within 45 calendar days from the Execution Date, (ii) use reasonable
best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), within 90 calendar days after the filing thereof, and (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration Statement
continuously effective under the Securities Act until all of the Put Shares have been sold thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144. 

Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to pay all reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, incurred in connection
with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, including, without limitation, all registration,
listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated in New
York on July 19, 2004, as Jobsinsite.com, Inc. On August 5, 2004, we changed our name to Jobsinsite, Inc. On June 18, 2009, we merged
with a Delaware corporation and became Jobsinsite, Inc. On July 1, 2009, we filed articles of conversion with the secretary of state of
Delaware and became Soleil Capital L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. On September 2, 2015, we changed our name to VPR Brands, LP.
We are managed by Soleil Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Under our partnership agreement,
we are authorized to issue an unlimited number of partnership interests for the consideration and on the terms and conditions determined
by Soleil Capital Management LLC, our General Partner, without the approval of the unitholders. We may also issue additional partnership
interests that, as determined by its General Partner, may have rights to distributions or special voting rights to which the Common Units
are not entitled. The Common Unitholders do not have preemptive rights under the partnership agreement to acquire additional Common Units
or other partnership interests. As of the date hereof, 88,804,035 common units, no par value per unit, are issued and outstanding and
no Class A preferred units, no par value per unit, are issued and outstanding. 

Since our inception, the Company
has generated nominal revenues through the sale of software items related to the job search industry and in 2009, management actively
explored opportunities to manage private capital. Specifically, the Company had plans to sponsor and manage limited partnerships organized
for the purpose of exploring opportunities to acquire securities in secondary transactions of venture backed businesses and dispensing
capital to seed stage venture capital opportunities. As a result of the Company s new business direction and in an effort to establish
operations in the venture capital and private equity industry, the Company has reorganized the business and restructured the Company as
a public limited partnership. In 2013, management identified an opportunity to acquire a portfolio of electronic cigarette and personal
vaporizers patents. In connection with this transaction the Company s business objectives pivoted and the Company is now focusing
its efforts on the electronic cigarette and personal vaporizer industry and is pursuing plans to commercialize and monetize its portfolio
of electronic cigarette and personal vaporizer patents. Prior to the Company s decision to design, develop and market electronic
cigarette e-liquids sold under the Helium brand in March 2016, the Company had designed, developed and marketed electronic cigarettes
sold under the RED brand. 

On December 27, 2013, the
Company entered into a patent acquisition agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), by and among the Company and Guocheng Greg 
Pan, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase certain electronic cigarette and personal vaporizer patents owned and invented by
Mr. Pan (the Purchased Assets ). Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement and in consideration for the acquisition of the
Purchased Assets, the Company issued to Mr. Pan (and certain of his designees) 10,501,700 common units representing limited partnership
units of the Company and a warrant to purchase 2,000,000 common units representing limited partnership units of the Company. The warrants
entitle Mr. Pan (or his designees) to purchase common units of the Company at 0.15 per common unit with an expiration date ten years
from the effective date of the Purchase Agreement. 

The patents were originally
valued based on number of units issued, warrants issued, valuation of the traded stock at the time of issuance and similar patents sold
during the year. Based on these assumptions, the Company has valued the assets purchased at approximately 5.5 million at the time of
purchase. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company determined due to lack of sales and projected sales and completion in the
industry the value of the patent should be significantly reduced. As a result, the Company has written off the entire patent. 

In April 2015, the Company
issued 25,000 of the Company s common units to Gordon Hung in exchange for services for the Company valued at 12,500. 

15 

On May 29, 2015, the Company,
entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Kevin Frija Frija Share Purchase Agreement for a private placement Private
Placement of up to 50,000,000 common units representing limited partnership interests of the Company. The Private Placement was
expected to occur in multiple tranches. For the first tranche, on June 4, 2015, the Company issued 10,000,000 common units to Mr. Frija
at a purchase price of 0.01 per unit, resulting in gross proceeds of 100,000 to the Company. In subsequent tranches, Mr. Frija had the
right to buy an additional 40,000,000 common units at a purchase price of 0.01 per unit. The Company expected to receive gross proceeds
of 400,000 in the aggregate upon the closing of the subsequent tranches of the Private Placement, which is expected to be completed by
September 2016. No placement agent has participated in the Private Placement. 

In connection with the Share
Purchase Agreement, the Company named Mr. Frija chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of the Company and as a
manager of the Company s general partner, Soleil Capital Management LLC (the General Partner ). Contemporaneous with
Mr. Frija s appointment as chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Directors, the Company s current chief executive
officer and chairman of the board of directors, Messrs. Jon Pan and Greg Pan, respectively, have resigned from their respective positions.
Notwithstanding, Mr. Greg Pan continues to serve as a member of the board of directors of the Company and as a manager of the General
Partner and Mr. Jon Pan continues to serve as a consultant to the Company. In consideration and as severance, for Jon Pan s resignation
as chief executive officer, the Company and the General Partner have entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement with Jon Pan wherein
the Company agreed to grant Jon Pan the right to purchase 10,000,000 of the Company s Common Units, at a price of 0.01 per unit. 

In August 2015, the Company
issued 1,980,000 of the Company s common unit to the former CEO, Jon Pan in exchange for repayment of funds advanced of 8,000 and
future consulting services totaling 11,800. The Company will amortize the prepaid expenses over the next 15 months starting October 1,
2015. 

On September 2, 2015, in accordance
with authority granted to the General Partner under the Company s Limited Partnership Agreement, the General Partner changed the
Company s name Name Change from Soleil Capital L.P. to VPR Brands, LP by filing an amendment to the Company s
Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Delaware Secretary of State. Accordingly, on September 10, 2015, the Company s General
Partner also amended the Company s Limited Partnership Agreement to reflect the Name Change from Soleil Capital L.P. to VPR Brands,
LP. On September 17, 2015, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) approved the Name Change and the Company s new trading
symbol VPRB. 

The Company, Soleil Capital
Management LLC and Greg Pan entered into a Termination of Share Purchase Agreement on August 18, 2015, which terminated the Share Purchase
Agreement, dated June 1, 2015, among the Company, Soleil Capital Management LLC and Greg Pan. 

On December 9, 2015, Kevin
Frija sold an aggregate of 9,000,000 of his Common Units at a sale price of 0.01 per unit (for an aggregate of 90,000) to Jacob Levy
(1,000,000 units), Nissim Levy (1,000,000 units), Sara Morad (1,000,000 units), Yaron Edery (1,000,000 units), Barry Rub (2,000,000 units),
Hannah Frija (2,000,000 units), and Ralph Frija (1,000,000 units). 

On March 28, 2016, Mr. Frija
exercised a right to buy 15,000,000 Common Units at a purchase price of 0.01 per unit, resulting in 15,000,000 Common Units issued to
Mr. Frija in exchange for gross proceeds of 150,000 to the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Frija Share Purchase Agreement, leaving
a balance of 25,000,000 Common Units to purchase at 0.01 per unit under the right to buy under the Frija Share Purchase Agreement. 

On April 29, 2016, the Company
issued an aggregate of 720,000 common units, valued at 0.02 per common unit (for an aggregate of 14,400), to four consultants as total
compensation paid-in-advance for services related to product development, creative direction and sales and marketing to be provided under
their respective consulting agreements with the Company. 

On May 23, 2016 20,000)
and May 31, 2016 20,000) and June 16, 2016 10,000), pursuant to the terms of the Frija Share Purchase Agreement, Mr. Frija exercised
a right to buy 5,000,000 Common Units at a purchase price of 0.01 per unit, resulting in 5,000,000 Common Units issued to Mr. Frija in
exchange for total gross proceeds of 50,000 to the Company, leaving a balance of 20,000,000 Common Units to purchase at 0.01 per unit
(an aggregate purchase price of 200,000) under the right to buy under the Frija Share Purchase Agreement. 

16 

Asset Purchase Agreement with Vapor Corp. 

On July 29, 2016, the Company
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement between Vapor and the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, Kevin Frija (the former Chief Executive Officer of Vapor), pursuant to which Vapor sold Vapor s wholesale operations and
inventory related thereto (collectively, Assets to the Company. The Vapor acquisition and the line of business was accounted
for using the purchase method. 

Brikor Note 

On February 15, 2019, the
Company issued a senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 to Brikor LLC. The principal amount due under
the Brikor Note bears interest at the rate of 18 per annum. The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted
in accordance with the terms of the Brikor Note) is due and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Brikor Note and the
amounts payable thereunder are unsecured obligations of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness,
as provided in the Brikor Note. 

At any time after the first
anniversary of the issue date, the holder may require the Company, upon at least 30 business days written notice, to redeem all
or any portion of the Brikor Note. The portion of the Brikor Note subject to redemption will be redeemed by the Company in cash. 

The Brikor Note is convertible
into common units of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Brikor Note, Brikor has the right, at its option, to convert any portion
of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount (as hereinafter defined) into common units in accordance with the provisions of the Brikor
Note at the Conversion Rate (as hereinafter defined). The number of common units issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount will
be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) 0.10 (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Brikor Note) (such result,
the Conversion Rate ). Conversion Amount means the sum of (A) the portion of the principal balance of the Brikor
Note to be converted with respect to which the determination is being made, (B) accrued and unpaid interest with respect to such principal
balance, if any, and (C) the Default Balance (other than any amount thereof within the purview of foregoing clauses (A) or (B)), if any. 

Daiagi and Daiagi Note 

On February 15, 2019, the
Company issued a senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 (the Daiagi and Daiagi Note to
Mike Daiagi and Mathew Daiagi jointly (the Daiagis ). The principal amount due under the Daiagi and Daiagi Note bears interest
at the rate of 18 per annum. The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the
terms of the Daiagi and Daiagi Note) is due and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Daiagi and Daiagi Note and the
amounts payable thereunder are unsecured obligations of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness,
as provided in the Daiagi and Daiagi Note. 

At any time after the first
anniversary of the issue date, the holder may require the Company, upon at least 30 business days written notice, to redeem all
or any portion of the Daiagi and Daiagi Note. The portion of the Daiagi and Daiagi Note subject to redemption will be redeemed by the
Company in cash. 

The Daiagi and Daiagi Note
is convertible into common units of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Daiagi and Daiagi Note, the Daiagis have the right, at their
option, to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into common units in accordance with the provisions of
the Daiagi and Daiagi Note at the Conversion Rate. The number of common units issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount will be
determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) 0.10 (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Daiagi and Daiagi Note). 

17 

Amber Investments Note 

On February 15, 2019, the
Company issued a senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 (the Amber Investments Note to
Amber Investments LLC Amber Investments ). The principal amount due under the Amber Investments Note bears interest at the
rate of 18 per annum. The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms
of the Amber Investments Note) is due and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Amber Investments Note and the amounts
payable thereunder are unsecured obligations of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness,
as provided in the Amber Investments Note. 

At any time after the first
anniversary of the issue date, the holder may require the Company, upon at least 30 business days written notice, to redeem all
or any portion of the Amber Investments Note. The portion of the Amber Investments Note subject to redemption will be redeemed by the
Company in cash. 

The Amber Investments Note
is convertible into common units of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Amber Investments Note, Amber Investments has the right,
at its option, to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into common units in accordance with the provisions
of the Amber Investments Note at the Conversion Rate. The number of common units issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount will
be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) 0.10 (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Amber Investments Note). 

K S Pride Note 

On February 19, 2019, the
Company issued a senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 (the K S Pride Note to K
 S Pride Inc. K S Pride ). The principal amount due under the K S Pride Note bears interest at the rate
of 18 per annum. The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms of the
K S Pride Note) is due and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The K S Pride Note and the amounts payable thereunder
are unsecured obligations of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the
K S Pride Note. 

At any time after the first
anniversary of the issue date, the holder may require the Company, upon at least 30 business days written notice, to redeem all
or any portion of the K S Pride Note. The portion of the K S Pride Note subject to redemption will be redeemed by the Company
in cash. 

The K S Pride Note is
convertible into common units of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the K S Pride Note, K S Pride has the right, at its
option, to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into common units in accordance with the provisions of
the K S Pride Note at the Conversion Rate. The number of common units issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount will be
determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) 0.10 (subject to adjustment as set forth in the K S Pride Note). 

Surplus Depot Note 

On February 20, 2019, the
Company issued a senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000 (the Surplus Depot Note to Surplus
Depot Inc. Surplus Depot ). The principal amount due under the K S Pride Note bears interest at the rate of 18 per
annum. The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms of the Surplus Depot
Note) is due and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Surplus Depot Note and the amounts payable thereunder are unsecured
obligations of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the Surplus Depot
Note. 

At any time after the first
anniversary of the issue date, the holder may require the Company, upon at least 30 business days written notice, to redeem all
or any portion of the Surplus Depot Note. The portion of the Surplus Depot Note subject to redemption will be redeemed by the Company
in cash. 

The Surplus Depot Note is
convertible into common units of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Surplus Depot Note, Surplus Depot has the right, at its option,
to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into common units in accordance with the provisions of the Surplus
Depot Note at the Conversion Rate. The number of common units issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount will be determined by
dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) 0.10 (subject to adjustment as set forth in the Surplus Depot Note). 

18 

Frija Notes 

On December 17, 2020, the
Company received 95,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 issued on January 14, 2021, to Kevin Frija January 14, 2021 Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January
14, 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due on January 14, 2022. The January 14, 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 14,
2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2021 was 8,243, which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Notes Issued by the Company in 2021 

On February 25, 2021, the
Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the February 25, 2021 Note to Kevin Frija, who is
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the
Board, and a significant stockholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 14, 2021 Note bears interest at the rate
of 24 per annum, and the February 25, 2021 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in
the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any
accrued interest is due on February 25, 2022. The January 14, 2021 Note is unsecured. The balance of the February 25, 2021 Note as of
December 31, 2021 was 15,324, which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On February 25, 2021, the Company received 75,000
pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 issued in April 2021, to Kevin Frija April 2021 Frija Note ),
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the
Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. An additional amount of 5,000 was received in January 2021. The principal amount
due under the April 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from
the Company s bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid.
Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in April 2022. The April 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the
April 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 43,550 and 89,920, respectively. . 

From May and June 2021, the Company received 100,001
pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 issued in June 2021, to Kevin Frija June 2021 Frija Note ),
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the
Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the June 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate
of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500 per business
day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in June
2022. The June 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the June 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 87,099 and
 100,001, respectively. 

From June through September
2021, the Company received a 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 issued in September 2021, to Kevin
Frija September 2021 Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
September 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due in September 2022. The June 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the September 2021 Frija
Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001. 

In September and November
2021, the Company received a 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the November 2021 Frija
Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the November 2021 Frija
Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account
in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and
any accrued interest is due on November 2, 2021. The November 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the November 2021 Frija Note
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001. 

19 

In November 2021, the Company
received a 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the November 2021 2 nd Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and
Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the November 2021 Frija Note bears
interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount
of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest
is due on November 2, 2021. The November 2021 2nd Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the November 2021 2 nd Frija Note
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001. 

On December 8, 2021, the Company
issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the December 2021 Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant
stockholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the December 2021 Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and the
December 2021 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500 per business
day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on December
8, 2022. The December 2021 Note is unsecured. The balance of the December 2021 Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001. 

In December 2021, the Company
received 60,000 and in January 2022 received 40,001 of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the
 January 2022 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
January 2022 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due on January 2023. The January 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022 Frija
Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001 and 60,000, respectively. 

Notes Issued by the Company in 2022 

In January 2022, the Company
received a 101,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the January 2022B Frija Note to
Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 2022B Frija Note bears interest
at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due on January 2023. The January 2022B Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022B Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was
 100,001. 

In January 2022, the Company
received 101,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the January 2022C Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 2022C Frija Note bears interest
at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due in January 2023. The January 2022C Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022C Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was
 100,001. 

In March 2022, the Company
received 101,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the March 2022 Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the March 2022 Frija Note bears interest at
the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due in March 2023. The March 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the March 2022 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was 100,001. 

20 

In April 2022, the Company
received 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the April 2022 Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the April 2022 Frija Note bears interest at
the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due on April 7, 2023. The April 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the April 2022 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was 100,001. 

In April 2022, the Company
received 52,000 and in September 2022 received 48,001 of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001
(the June 2022 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
May 2022 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due in May 2023. The May 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the May 2022 Frija Note as of
December 31, 2022 was 100,001. 

In September 2022, the Company
received 1,000 and in October 2022 received 14,000 of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the
 September 2022 Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
September 2022 Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and the September 2022 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment
from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid.
Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on September 20, 2023. The September 2022 Note is unsecured. The balance of
the September 2022 Note as of December 31, 2022 was 15,000. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 10 employees. None of our employees is represented by a union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are
involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. There are no legal proceedings currently pending
against us which we believe would have a material effect on our business, financial position or results of operations and, to the best
of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Various portions of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results, performance or achievements
could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors, including those
set forth below and elsewhere in this report. These risk factors are not presented in the order of importance or probability of occurrence.
For purposes of these risk factors, the term electronic cigarettes is deemed to include vaporizers. 

Below is a summary of material
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We have a history of operating losses and our auditors have indicated that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are affected by extensive laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar other constraints, which can make compliance costly and subject us to enforcement actions by governmental agencies. 

We face intense competition and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may be unable to promote and maintain our brands. 

21 

We expect that new products and/or brands we develop will expose us to risks that may be difficult to identify until such products and/or brands are commercially available. 

If we are unable to manage our anticipated future growth, our business and results of operations could suffer materially. 

We are subject to significant product liability litigation. 

Sales of conventional tobacco cigarettes have been declining, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our patents and our ability to enforce them. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights in China or elsewhere, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

Third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property and trademark rights. 

Adverse publicity associated with our products or ingredients, or those of similar companies, could adversely affect our sales and revenue. 

We rely on our CEO and may experience difficulty in attracting and hiring qualified new personnel in some areas of our business. 

We may not be successful in maintaining the consumer brand recognition and loyalty of our products. 

We are subject to significant product liability litigation. 

If we are the subject of future product defect or liability suits, our business will likely fail. 

If we experience product recalls, we may incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected. 

Product exchanges, returns and warranty claims may adversely affect our business. 

Adverse economic conditions may adversely affect the demand for our products. 

We rely, significantly, on the efforts of third party agents to generate sales of our products. 

We may not be able to establish sustainable relationships with large retailers or national chains. 

We may not be able to adapt to trends in our industry. 

We depend on third party manufacturers for our products. 

We rely on Chinese manufacturers to produce our products. 

We may face competition from foreign importers who do not comply with government regulation. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by currency exchange rates and currency devaluations. 

We depend on our General Partner and its manager Messrs. Kevin Frija and Greg Pan. 

Rights of limited partners are significantly different than rights of shareholders of a corporation. 

Our General Partner, Soleil Capital Management LLC, is solely responsible for our operations. 

Our ability to retain our management is critical to our success and our ability to grow depends on our ability to attract additional key personnel. 

22 

The control of our General Partner may be transferred to a third party without common unitholder consent. 

We have hired and will need to hire additional qualified accounting and administrative personnel in order to remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial accounting, and we will need to expend additional resources and efforts to establish and maintain the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. 

We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and if we fail to continue to comply, our business could be harmed, and the price of our securities could decline. 

We are subject to cyber-security risks, including those related to customer, employee, vendor or other company data and including in connection with integration of acquired businesses and operations. 

The business that we conduct outside the U.S. may be adversely affected by international risk and uncertainties. 

If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax or state tax purposes, then our distributions to our common unitholders would be substantially reduced and the value of our common units would be adversely affected. 

Our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on their share of our taxable income, regardless of whether they receive any cash distributions from us. 

Our business is primarily involved in the sales of products that contain nicotine and/or CBD, which faces significant regulation and actions that may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Many of our products contain nicotine, which is considered to be a highly addictive substance. 

Significant increases in state and local regulation of our products have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous jurisdictions. 

There is uncertainty related to the federal regulation of e-products. Increased regulatory compliance burdens could have a material adverse impact on our business development efforts. 

Recent bans on the sales of flavored e-cigarettes directly impact the markets in which we may sell our products, and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

There is uncertainty related to the regulation of flavored e-cigarette liquid and vaporization products and certain other consumption accessories, including the possibility that all flavored e-cigarette liquid and vaporization products may be recalled or removed from the market entirely. Any increased regulatory compliance burdens will have a material adverse impact on our operations and future business development efforts. 

The regulation of tobacco products by the FDA in the United States and the issuance of Deeming Regulations may materially adversely affect the Company. 

The market for electronic cigarettes and vapor products is a niche market, subject to a great deal of uncertainty and is still evolving. 

There is substantial concern regarding the effect of long-term use of electronic cigarettes and vaping products. Despite the recent outbreak of vaping-related lung injuries, the medical profession does not yet definitively know the cause of such injuries. Should electronic cigarettes or vapor products, including our products, be determined conclusively to pose long-term health risks, including a risk of vaping-related lung injury, our business will be negatively impacted. 

Possible yet unanticipated changes in federal and state law could cause any of our current products, containing hemp-derived CBD oil to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit, limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD. 

If our hemp oil products are found to violate federal law or if there is negative press from being in a hemp or cannabis-related business, we could be criminally prosecuted or forced to suspend or cease operations. 

Our product candidates are not approved by the FDA or other regulatory authority, and we face risks of unforeseen medical problems, and up to a complete ban on the sale of our product candidates. 

23 

Sources of hemp-derived CBD depend upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales of products derived from those plants under state law. 

Because our distributors may only sell and ship our products containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying under the 2018 Farm Act, a reduction in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise preclude the sale of intended products containing hemp-derived CBD. 

Our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if we are taxed like other tobacco products or if we are required to collect and remit sales tax on certain of our internet sales. 

We may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate our business in the CBD industry, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability. 

Trading on the OTC Markets is volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common units. 

Our stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The issuance of a large number of common units could significantly dilute existing unitholders and negatively impact the market price of our common units. 

The Selling Unitholder may sell a large number of common units, resulting in substantial diminution to the value of units held by existing unitholders. 

Our common units are a penny stock under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny stock. 

Our directors and officers control a substantial number of our common units, decreasing your influence on unitholder decisions. 

Units eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. 

Provisions of our partnership agreement, as amended, may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests of our unitholders. 

We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We have a history of operating losses and
our auditors have indicated that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported net loss of 203,697 and net income of 127,174, respectively, and negative cash flow from operating
activities of 444,431 and 280,900, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate accumulated deficit of approximately 10,418,696
and negative working capital of 1,938,476. Such losses have historically required us to seek additional funding through the issuance
of debt or equity securities. Our long-term success is dependent upon among other things, achieving positive cash flows from operations
and if necessary, augmenting such cash flows using external resources to satisfy our cash needs. However, we may be unable to achieve
these goals and actual results could differ from our estimates and assumptions, accordingly, we may have to supplement our cash flow,
by debt financing or sales of equity securities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding, if needed,
on commercially reasonable terms, or of all. 

As a result of these net losses
and cash flow deficits and other factors we have disclosed, there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. These adjustments would likely include substantial
impairment of the carrying amount of our assets and potential contingent liabilities that may arise if we are unable to fulfill various
operational commitments. In addition, the value of our securities, including common units issued in this offering, would be greatly impaired.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon generating sufficient cash flow from operations and obtaining additional
capital and financing, including funds to be raised in this offering. If our ability to generate cash flow from operations is delayed
or reduced and we are unable to raise additional funding from other sources, we may be unable to continue in business even if this offering
is successful. For further discussion about our ability to continue as a going concern and our plan for future liquidity, see Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. 

24 

The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In March 2020, the World Health
Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. The spread of COVID-19
has affected segments of the global economy and may affect our operations, including the potential interruption of our supply chain. We
are monitoring this situation closely, and although operations have not been materially affected by the COVID-19 outbreak to date, the
ultimate duration and severity of the outbreak and its impact on the economic environment and our business is uncertain. 

The spread of COVID-19, or
another infectious disease, could also negatively affect the operations at our third-party manufacturers, which could result in delays
or disruptions in the supply of our products. In addition, we may take temporary precautionary measures intended to help minimize the
risk of the virus to our employees, including temporarily requiring all employees to work remotely, suspending all non-essential travel
worldwide for our employees, and discouraging employee attendance at industry events and in-person work-related meetings, which could
negatively affect our business. 

The extent to which COVID-19
impacts our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including
the duration of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain the coronavirus
or treat its impact, among others. In particular, the continued spread of the coronavirus globally could adversely impact our operations,
including among others, our manufacturing and supply chain, sales and marketing and could have an adverse impact on our business and our
financial results. The COVID-19 outbreak is a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets
of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect demand for our products and likely impact our operating results. 

We are affected by extensive laws, governmental
regulations, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar other constraints, which can make compliance costly and subject
us to enforcement actions by governmental agencies. 

The formulation, manufacturing,
packaging, labeling, holding, storage, distribution, advertising and sale of our products are affected by extensive laws, governmental
regulations and policies, administrative determinations, court decisions and similar constraints at the federal, state and local levels,
both within the United States and in any country where we conduct business. There can be no assurance that we, or our independent distributors,
will be in compliance with all of these regulations. A failure by us or our distributors to comply with these laws and regulations could
lead to governmental investigations, civil and criminal prosecutions, administrative hearings and court proceedings, civil and criminal
penalties, injunctions against product sales or advertising, civil and criminal liability for us and/or our principals, bad publicity,
and tort claims arising out of governmental or judicial findings of fact or conclusions of law adverse to us or our principals. In addition,
the adoption of new regulations and policies or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations and policies may result in
significant new compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales, and may adversely affect the marketing of our products, resulting
in decreases in revenue. 

We face intense competition and our failure
to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Competition in the electronic
cigarette and related e liquids industry is intense. We compete with other sellers of electronic cigarettes, most notably Lorillard, Inc.,
Altria Group, Inc. and Reynolds American Inc., big tobacco companies, through their electronic cigarettes business segments; the nature
of our competitors is varied as the market is highly fragmented and the barriers to entry into the business are low. 

We compete primarily on the
basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, service, marketing, advertising and price. We are subject to highly competitive
conditions in all aspects of our business. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by
weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors introduction of low-priced products or innovative products,
cigarette excise taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between price categories, and product regulation that diminishes the ability
to differentiate tobacco products. 

Our principal competitors
are big tobacco , U.S. cigarette manufacturers of both conventional tobacco cigarettes and electronic cigarettes like Altria
Group, Inc., Lorillard, Inc. and Reynolds American Inc. We compete against big tobacco who offers not only conventional
tobacco cigarettes and electronic cigarettes but also smokeless tobacco products such as snus (a form of moist ground smokeless
tobacco that is usually sold in sachet form that resembles small tea bags), chewing tobacco and snuff. Furthermore, we believe that big
tobacco will devote more attention and resources to developing and offering electronic cigarettes as the market for electronic
cigarettes grows. Because of their well-established sales and distribution channels, marketing expertise and significant resources, big
tobacco is better positioned than small competitors like us to capture a larger share of the electronic cigarette market. We also
compete against numerous other smaller manufacturers or importers of cigarettes. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete
successfully against any of our competitors, some of whom have far greater resources, capital, experience, market penetration, sales and
distribution channels than us. If our major competitors were, for example, to significantly increase the level of price discounts offered
to consumers, we could respond by offering price discounts, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

25 

We may be unable to promote and maintain
our brands. 

We believe that establishing
and maintaining our brand is a critical aspect of attracting and expanding a large customer base. Promotion and enhancement of our brands
will depend largely on our success in continuing to provide high quality products. If our customers and end users do not perceive our
products to be of high quality, or if we introduce new products or enter into new business ventures that are not favorably received by
our customers and end users, we will risk diluting our brand identities and decreasing their attractiveness to existing and potential
customers. 

Moreover, in order to attract
and retain customers and to promote and maintain our brand equity in response to competitive pressures, we may have to increase substantially
our financial commitment to creating and maintaining a distinct brand loyalty among our customers. If we incur significant expenses in
an attempt to promote and maintain our brands, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We expect that new products and/or brands
we develop will expose us to risks that may be difficult to identify until such products and/or brands are commercially available. 

We are currently developing,
and in the future will continue to develop, new products and brands, the risks of which will be difficult to ascertain until these products
and/or brands are commercially available. For example, we are developing new formulations, packaging and distribution channels. Any negative
events or results that may arise as we develop new products or brands may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

If we are unable to manage our anticipated
future growth, our business and results of operations could suffer materially. 

Our operating results depend
to a large extent on our ability to successfully manage our anticipated growth. To manage our anticipated growth, we believe we must effectively,
among other things: 

hire, train, and manage additional employees; 

expand our marketing and distribution capabilities; 

increase our product development activities; 

add additional qualified finance and accounting personnel; and 

implement and improve our administrative, financial and operational systems, procedures and controls. 

If we are unable to manage
our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities or develop new products, and we may fail to satisfy
product requirements, maintain product quality, execute our business plan or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject to significant product liability litigation. 

The tobacco industry has experienced,
and continues to experience, significant product liability litigation. Most tobacco liability lawsuits have been brought against manufacturers
and sellers of cigarettes by individual plaintiffs, often participating on a class-action basis, for injuries allegedly caused by cigarette
smoking or by exposure to cigarette smoke. However, several lawsuits have also been brought against manufacturers and sellers of smokeless
products for injuries to health allegedly caused by use of smokeless products. In addition to the risks to our business, results of operations
and financial condition resulting from adverse results in any such action, ongoing litigation may divert management s attention
and resources, which could have an impact on our business and operations. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of these claims
and there can be no assurance that we will not sustain losses in connection with such lawsuits and that such losses will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

26 

As a result of their relative
novelty, electronic cigarette and vaporizer product manufacturers and sellers have only recently become subject to litigation. We may
see increasing litigation over e-products or the regulation of our products, as the regulatory regimes surrounding these products develop. 

As a result, we may face substantial
costs due to increased product liability litigation relating to new regulations or other potential defects associated with e-products
we sell, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Sales of conventional tobacco cigarettes
have been declining, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The overall U.S. market for
conventional tobacco cigarettes has generally been declining in terms of volume of sales, as a result of restrictions on advertising and
promotions, funding of smoking prevention campaigns, increases in regulation and excise taxes, a decline in the social acceptability of
smoking, and other factors, and such sales are expected to continue to decline. While the sales of electronic cigarettes have been increasing
over the last several years, the electronic cigarette market is only developing and is a fraction of the size of the conventional tobacco
cigarette market. A continual decline in cigarette sales may adversely affect the growth of the electronic cigarette market, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our patents and our ability to enforce them.

We have a portfolio of issued
U.S. and Chinese patents, however we cannot provide any assurances that our patents will not be challenged and if challenged, will be
upheld and deemed valid. Furthermore our efforts to enforce our patent may be costly and there can be no assurances that should we seek
to prosecute and enforce our patents, that we will be victorious and even if we are victorious, we cannot provide assurances that our
efforts would result in damages, licensing fees or removing the infringing products from the market. Moreover, if we are not able to retain
counsel on a contingency basis, we may be unable to pursue prosecution of the infringers of our patents. 

We may not be able to adequately protect
our intellectual property rights in China or elsewhere, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

We believe that patents, trademarks,
trade secrets and other intellectual property we use and are developing are important to sustaining and growing our business. We utilize
third party manufacturers to manufacture our products in China, where the validity, enforceability and scope of protection available under
intellectual property laws are uncertain and still evolving. Implementation and enforcement of Chinese intellectual property-related laws
have historically been deficient, ineffective and hampered by corruption and local protectionism. Accordingly, we may not be able to adequately
protect our intellectual property in China, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Furthermore, policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property in China and elsewhere is difficult and expensive, and
we may need to resort to litigation to enforce or defend our intellectual property or to determine the enforceability, scope and validity
of our proprietary rights or those of others. Such litigation and an adverse determination in any such litigation, if any, could result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention, which could harm our business and competitive position. 

Third parties may claim that we infringe
their intellectual property and trademark rights. 

Competitors in our markets
may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant
financial and managerial resources, injunctions against us or the payment of damages. 

Adverse publicity associated with our products or ingredients,
or those of similar companies, could adversely affect our sales and revenue. 

Adverse publicity concerning
any actual or purported failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding any aspect of our business could have an
adverse effect on the public perception of the Company. This, in turn, could negatively affect our ability to obtain financing, endorsers
and attract distributors or retailers for our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate sales and
revenue. 

Our distributors and
customers perception of the safety and quality of our products or even similar products distributed by others can be significantly
influenced by national media attention, publicized scientific research or findings, product liability claims and other publicity concerning
our products or similar products distributed by others. Adverse publicity, whether or not accurate, that associates consumption of our
products or any similar products with illness or other adverse effects, will likely diminish the public s perception of our products.
Claims that any products are ineffective, inappropriately labeled or have inaccurate instructions as to their use, could have a material
adverse effect on the market demand for our products, including reducing our sales and revenue. 

27 

We rely on our CEO and may experience difficulty
in attracting and hiring qualified new personnel in some areas of our business. 

The loss of our CEO or any
of our key employees could adversely affect our business. As a member of the tobacco industry, we may experience difficulty in identifying
and hiring qualified executives and other personnel in some areas of our business. This difficulty is primarily attributable to the health
and social issues associated with the tobacco industry. The loss of services of any key employees or our inability to attract, hire and
retain personnel with requisite skills could restrict our ability to develop new products, enhance existing products in a timely manner,
sell products or manage our business effectively. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

We may not be successful in maintaining
the consumer brand recognition and loyalty of our products. 

We compete in a market that
relies on innovation and the ability to react to evolving consumer preferences. The smoke accessories industry in particular is subject
to changing consumer trends, demands and preferences. Therefore, products once favored may over time become disfavored by consumers or
no longer perceived as the best option. Consumers in the market have demonstrated a high degree of brand loyalty, but producers must continue
to adapt their products in order to maintain their status among these customers as the market evolves. Trends within the industry change
often and our failure to anticipate, identify or react to changes in these trends could, among other things, lead to reduced demand for
our products. Factors that may affect consumer perception of our products include health trends and attention to health concerns associated
with vaping, price-sensitivity in the presence of competitors products or substitute products and trends in favor of new products
that are currently being researched and produced by participants in our industry. 

We are subject to significant product liability
litigation. 

The tobacco industry has experienced,
and continues to experience, significant product liability litigation. Most tobacco liability lawsuits have been brought against manufacturers
and sellers of cigarettes by individual plaintiffs, often participating on a class-action basis, for injuries allegedly caused by cigarette
smoking or by exposure to cigarette smoke. However, several lawsuits have also been brought against manufacturers and sellers of smokeless
products for injuries to health allegedly caused by use of smokeless products. In addition to the risks to our business, results of operations
and financial condition resulting from adverse results in any such action, ongoing litigation may divert management s attention
and resources, which could have an impact on our business and operations. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of these claims
and there can be no assurance that we will not sustain losses in connection with such lawsuits and that such losses will not have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a result of their relative
novelty, electronic cigarette and vaporizer product manufacturers and sellers have only recently become subject to litigation. We may
see increasing litigation over e-products or the regulation of our products, as the regulatory regimes surrounding these products develop. 

As a result, we may face substantial
costs due to increased product liability litigation relating to new regulations or other potential defects associated with e-products
we sell, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are the subject of future product defect or liability suits,
our business will likely fail. 

In the course of our planned
operations, we may become subject to legal actions based on a claim that our products are defective in workmanship or have caused personal
or other injuries. We currently maintain liability insurance, but such coverage may not be adequate to cover all potential claims. Moreover,
even if we are able to maintain sufficient insurance coverage in the future, any successful claim could significantly harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

If we experience product recalls, we may
incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected. 

We may be exposed to product
recalls and adverse public relations if our products are alleged to cause illness or injury, or if we are alleged to have violated governmental
regulations. A product recall could result in substantial and unexpected expenditures that could exceed our product recall insurance coverage
limits and harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, a product recall may require significant management time and attention and may adversely impact on the value of our brands.
Product recalls may lead to greater scrutiny by federal or state regulatory agencies and increased litigation, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

28 

Product exchanges, returns and warranty
claims may adversely affect our business. 

If we are unable to maintain
an acceptable degree of quality control of our products we will incur costs associated with the exchange and return of our products as
well as servicing our customers for warranty claims. Any of the foregoing on a significant scale may have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Adverse economic conditions may adversely
affect the demand for our products. 

Electronic cigarettes and
vapor products are new to market and may be regarded by users as a novelty item and expendable as such demand for our products may be
extra sensitive to economic conditions. When economic conditions are prosperous, discretionary spending typically increases; conversely,
when economic conditions are unfavorable, discretionary spending often declines. Any significant decline in economic conditions that affects
consumer spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We rely, significantly, on the efforts of
third party agents to generate sales of our products. 

We rely, significantly, on
the efforts of independent distributors to purchase and distribute our products to wholesalers and retailers. No single distributor currently
accounts for a material percentage of our sales and we believe that should any of these relationships terminate we would be able to find
suitable replacements and do so on a timely basis. However, any loss of distributors or our ability to timely replace any given distributor
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely, in part, on the efforts
of independent salespersons who sell our products to distributors and major retailers and Internet sales affiliates to generate sales
of products. No single independent salesperson or Internet affiliate currently accounts for a material percentage of our sales and we
believe that should any of these relationships terminate we would be able to find suitable replacements and do so on a timely basis. However,
any loss of independent sales persons or Internet sales affiliates or our ability to timely replace any one of them could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not be able to establish sustainable
relationships with large retailers or national chains. 

We believe the best way to
develop brand and product recognition and increase sales volume is to establish relationships with large retailers and national chains.
We currently do not have any established relationships with large retailers and or national chains and we cannot provide any assurances
that we will be successful in our efforts to establish such relationships and or if we would be able to pay the costs associated with
establishing such national accounts. Our inability to develop and sustain relationships with large retailers and national chains will
impede our ability to develop brand and product recognition and increase sales volume and, ultimately, require us to pursue and rely on
local and more fragmented sales channels, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We may not be able to adapt to trends in our industry. 

We may not be able to adapt
as the electronic cigarette industry and customer demand evolves, whether attributable to regulatory constraints or requirements, a lack
of financial resources or our failure to respond in a timely and/or effective manner to new technologies, customer preferences, changing
market conditions or new developments in our industry. Any of the failures to adapt for the reasons cited herein or otherwise could make
our products obsolete and would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on third party manufacturers for
our products. 

We depend on third party manufacturers
for our electronic cigarettes, vaporizers and accessories. Our customers associate certain characteristics of our products including the
weight, feel, draw, unique flavor, packaging and other attributes of our products to the brands we market, distribute and sell. Any interruption
in supply and/or consistency of our products may adversely impact our ability to deliver our products to our wholesalers, distributors
and customers and otherwise harm our relationships and reputation with customers, and have a materially adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Although we believe that several
alternative sources for the components, chemical constituents and manufacturing services necessary for the production of our products
are available, any failure to obtain any of the foregoing would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

29 

We rely on Chinese manufacturers to produce
our products. 

Our manufacturers are based
in China. Certain Chinese factories and the products they export have been the source of safety concerns and recalls, which is generally
attributed to lax regulatory, quality control and safety standards. Should Chinese factories continue to draw public criticism for exporting
unsafe products, whether those products relate to our products or not we may be adversely affected by the stigma associated with Chinese
production, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may face competition from foreign importers
who do not comply with government regulation. 

We may face competition from
foreign sellers of electronic cigarettes that may illegally ship their products into the United States for direct delivery to customers.
These market participants will not have the added cost and expense of complying with U.S. regulations and taxes and as a result will be
able to offer their product at a more competitive price than us and potentially capture market share. Moreover, should we be unable to
sell certain of our products during any regulatory approval process we have no assurances that we will be able to recapture those customers
that we lost to our foreign domiciled competitors during any blackout periods, during which we are not permitted to sell
our products. This competitive disadvantage may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and our financial
condition. 

Our results of operations could be adversely
affected by currency exchange rates and currency devaluations. 

Our functional currency is
the U.S. dollar; substantially all of our purchases and sales are currently generated in U.S. dollars. However, our manufacturers and
suppliers are located in China. Fluctuations in exchange rates between our respective currencies could result in higher production and
supply costs to us which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if we are not willing or able to pass those
costs on to our customers. 

We depend on our General Partner and its
manager Messrs. Kevin Frija and Greg Pan. 

Our performance is directly
correlated to the performance of our General Partner. Due in part to our size, the loss of the services of Messrs. Frija and Pan would
have a material adverse effect on us, including on a short term basis, and until a replacement could be found, the continuity of our operations. 

We do not carry any key
man insurance that would provide us with proceeds in the event of the death or disability of any of our principals. 

Rights of limited partners are significantly different than rights
of shareholders of a corporation. 

We are organized as a limited
partnership. Members of limited partnerships, also known as limited partners, have different rights than shareholders of a corporation.
Due to our structure as a limited partnership, your rights as a stakeholder are governed by our operating agreement. For example, limited
partners do not elect persons to our board of directors. Our General Partner has limited call rights to our securities; please read carefully
the Agreement of Limited Partnership of VPR Brands which governs the relationship between us and our unitholders. 

Our General Partner, Soleil Capital Management
LLC, is solely responsible for our operations. 

The current managers of our
General Partner are Kevin Frija, who is our current executive officer, Chairman, and a director, and Greg Pan, who is a director. Through
the General Partner, Messrs. Frija and Pan manage all of our operations and activities. Our General Partner s limited liability
company agreement establishes a board of directors that will be responsible for the oversight of our business and operations. Our General
Partner s board of directors will be elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement, where Mr. Frija (or, following
his withdrawal, death or disability, any successor founder designated by him), will have the power to appoint and remove the directors
of our General Partner. Following the withdrawal, death or disability of Kevin Frija (and any successor founder), the power to appoint
and remove the directors of our General Partner will revert to the members of our General Partner who hold a majority in interest in our
General Partner. Our common unit-holders do not elect our General Partner or its board of directors and, unlike the holders of common
stock in a corporation, will have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore limited ability to influence
decisions regarding our business. Furthermore, if our common unit holders are dissatisfied with the performance of our General Partner,
they will have little ability to remove our General Partner. 

30 

Our ability to retain our management is
critical to our success and our ability to grow depends on our ability to attract additional key personnel. 

Our success depends on our
ability to attract and retain managers, executive officers and qualified personnel. We anticipate that it will be necessary for us to
attract and retain key personnel in order to develop our business and pursue our growth strategy. The market for qualified managers is
extremely competitive and as such our inability to attract and retain key personnel would adversely affect in the short term, our continuity
of operations and in the long term our profitability. 

The control of our General Partner may be
transferred to a third party without common unitholder consent. 

Our General Partner may transfer
its General Partner interest to a third party in a merger or consolidation without the consent of our common unitholders. Furthermore,
at any time, the members of our General Partner may sell or transfer all or part of their limited liability company interests in our General
Partner without the approval of the common unitholders, subject to certain restrictions as described elsewhere in this annual report.
A new general partner and/or owner could have different business objectives and/or philosophies then our current business objectives and/or
philosophies, employ individuals who are less experienced in our current business, be unsuccessful in identifying new opportunities in
our current area of business or have a track record that is not as successful as VPR Brand s track record. If any of the foregoing
were to occur, we could experience difficulty in operating our business, and the value of our business, our results of operations and
our financial condition could materially suffer. 

We have hired and will need to hire additional
qualified accounting and administrative personnel in order to remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial accounting,
and we will need to expend additional resources and efforts to establish and maintain the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. 

As a public company, we are
subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our management is required to evaluate and disclose its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of each year-end, including disclosing any material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than
a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. As a
result of its assessment, management has determined that there were material weaknesses due to the lack of segregation of duties and sufficient
internal controls (including technology-based general controls) that encompass our Company as a whole with respect to entity and transactions
level controls in order to ensure complete documentation of complex and non-routine transactions and adequate financial reporting. If
we continue to experience material weaknesses in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement required new or improved controls,
such circumstances could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial
statements, or adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and, if required, annual auditor attestation reports. Due
to these material weaknesses, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective. Management also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Although
the number of employees has grown as a result of the hiring of additional accounting and information technology staff, we cannot assure
you that we will have sufficient resources to resolve these material weaknesses. These weaknesses have the potential to adversely
impact our financial reporting process and our financial reports. We will need to hire additional qualified accounting and administrative
personnel in order to resolve these material weaknesses. 

We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and if we fail to continue to comply, our business
could be harmed, and the price of our securities could decline. 

Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial reporting, and for certain issuers
an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm. The standards that must be met
for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex, and require significant
documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant expenses and to devote
resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take or costly it will be
to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and to remediate any deficiencies
in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment and remediation process on
a timely basis. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or principal financial officer determines that our internal control over
financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react or how the market prices
of our securities will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and the market value of our securities
may be negatively affected. 

31 

We are subject to cyber-security risks,
including those related to customer, employee, vendor or other company data and including in connection with integration of acquired businesses
and operations. 

We use information technologies
to securely manage operations and various business functions. We rely on various technologies, some of which are managed by third parties,
to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including
reporting on our business and interacting with customers, vendors and employees. In addition, we collect and store certain data, including
proprietary business information, and may have access to confidential or personal information that is subject to privacy and security
laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Our systems are subject to repeated attempts by third parties to access information or
to disrupt our systems. Despite our security design and controls, and those of our third-party providers, we may become subject to system
damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to any number of causes, including cyber-attacks, breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power
outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, service providers, natural disasters or other catastrophic
events. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. We may face other challenges and risks as
we upgrade and standardize our information technology systems as part of our integration of acquired businesses and operations. We have
contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, however, these events could result in operational disruptions
or the misappropriation of sensitive data, and depending on their nature and scope, could lead to the compromise of confidential information,
improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational
disruptions and exposure to liability. Such disruptions or misappropriations and the resulting repercussions, including reputational damage
and legal claims or proceedings, may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price
of our common stock. 

This risk is enhanced in certain
jurisdictions with stringent data privacy laws. For example, California recently adopted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ),
which provides new data privacy rights for consumers and new operational requirements for businesses. The CCPA includes a statutory damages
framework and private rights of action against businesses that fail to comply with certain CCPA terms or implement reasonable security
procedures and practices to prevent data breaches. The CCPA went into effect in January 2020. 

The business that we conduct outside the
U.S. may be adversely affected by international risk and uncertainties. 

Although our operations are
based in the United States, we conduct business outside of the United States and expect to continue to do so in the future. Any business
that we conduct outside of the United States is subject to additional risks that may have a material adverse effect on our ability to
continue conducting business in certain international markets, including, without limitation: 

Potentially reduced protection for intellectual property rights; 

Unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; 

Economic weakness, including inflation or political instability, in particular foreign economies and markets; 

Business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism or natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, floods and fires; and 

Failure to comply with Office of Foreign Asset Control rules and regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ). 

These factors or any combination
of these factors may adversely affect our revenue or our overall financial performance. 

32 

If we were treated as a corporation for
U.S. federal income tax or state tax purposes, then our distributions to our common unitholders would be substantially reduced and the
value of our common units would be adversely affected. 

If we were treated as a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate. Distributions
to our common unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits
would flow through to you. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our distributions to our common unitholders would
be substantially reduced, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units. 

Current law may change, causing
us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal or state income tax purposes or otherwise subjecting us to entity level taxation. For
example, because of widespread state budget deficits, several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity level taxation
through the imposition of state income, franchise or other forms of taxation. If any state were to impose a tax upon us as an entity,
our distributions to our common unitholders would be reduced. 

Our common unitholders may be subject to
U.S. federal income tax on their share of our taxable income, regardless of whether they receive any cash distributions from us. 

Each unitholder will be required
to take into account its allocable share of items of income, gain, loss and deduction of the Partnership. Distributions to a unitholder
will generally be taxable to the unitholder for U.S. federal income tax purposes only to the extent the amount distributed exceeds the
unitholder s tax basis in the unit. That treatment contrasts with the treatment of a shareholder in a corporation. For example,
a shareholder in a corporation who receives a distribution of earnings from the corporation will generally report the distribution as
dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In contrast, a holder of our units who receives a distribution of earnings from
us will not report the distribution as dividend income (and will treat the distribution as taxable only to the extent the amount distributed
exceeds the unitholder s tax basis in the units), but will instead report the holder s allocable share of items of our income
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, our common unitholders may be subject to U.S. federal, state, local and possibly, in
some cases, foreign income taxation on their allocable share of our items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit (including our allocable
share of those items of any entity in which we invest that is treated as a partnership or is otherwise subject to tax on a flow through
basis) for each of our taxable years ending with or within your taxable year, regardless of whether or not a common unitholder receives
cash distributions from us. 

Our common unitholders may
not receive cash distributions equal to their allocable share of our net taxable income or even the tax liability that results from that
income. In addition, certain of our holdings, including holdings, if any, in a Controlled Foreign Corporation, or CFC, and
a Passive Foreign Investment Company, or PFIC, may produce taxable income prior to the receipt of cash relating to such
income, and common unitholders that are U.S. taxpayers will be required to take such income into account in determining their taxable
income. In the event of an inadvertent termination of our partnership status for which the IRS has granted us limited relief, each holder
of our common units may be obligated to make such adjustments as the IRS may require to maintain our status as a partnership. Such adjustments
may require persons holding our common units to recognize additional amounts in income during the years in which they hold such units. 

RISKS RELATED TO REGULATION AND MARKET 

Our business is primarily involved in the
sales of products that contain nicotine and/or CBD, which faces significant regulation and actions that may have a material adverse effect
on our business . 

Our current business is primarily
involved in the sale of products that contain nicotine and/or CBD. The general market in which our products are sold faces significant
governmental regulation and private sector actions, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence of use in minors and efforts seeking
to hold the importers, makers and sellers of these products responsible for alleged adverse health effects associated with the use of,
in particular, inhalable, vaporized e-liquid solutions containing nicotine derived from tobacco. More broadly, new regulatory actions
by the FDA and other federal, state or local governments or agencies have an impact the consumer acceptability of or access to our products,
including regulations promulgated by FDA which will require us to file PMTA(s) for any of our products that are identified as Deemed
Tobacco Products by the FDA that we intend to market and sell after May 2020. Additionally, on January 2, 2020, the FDA issued
an enforcement policy effectively banning the sale of flavored cartridge-based e-cigarettes marketed primarily by large manufacturers
in the United States without prior authorization from the FDA, which policy went into effect in February 2020. According to the FDA, it
is expected that the new policy will have minimal impact on small manufacturers, such as vape shops, that sell non-cartridge based products.
We believe that any ban on flavored e-cigarettes, or similar enforcement action by the FDA, would have a significant material adverse
impact on the our products, which would, in turn, have a material adverse impact on our overall business. 

33 

Additional regulatory challenges
may come in future months and years, including the FDA s publication of new product standards or additional rule making that may
impact vape shops or other small manufacturers, limit adult consumer choices, delay or prevent the launch of new or modified risk tobacco
products or products with claims of reduced risk, require the recall or other removal of certain products from the marketplace, restrict
communications including marketing, advertising, and educational campaigns regarding the product category to adult consumers, restrict
the ability to differentiate products, create a competitive advantage or disadvantage for certain companies, impose additional manufacturing,
labeling or packaging requirements, interrupt manufacturing or otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business, or restrict
or prevent the use of specified products in certain locations or the sale of products by certain retail establishments. Any of these actions
may also have a material adverse effect on our business. Each of our products are also subject to intense competition and changes
in adult consumer preferences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Many of our products contain nicotine, which
is considered to be a highly addictive substance. 

Many of our products contain
nicotine, a chemical found in cigarettes, e-cigarettes, certain other vapor products and other tobacco products, which is considered to
be highly addictive. The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act empowers the FDA to regulate the amount of nicotine found in
vapor products, but may not require the reduction of nicotine yields of a vapor product to zero. Any FDA regulation may require us to
reformulate, recall and or discontinue certain of the products we may sell from time to time, which may have a material adverse effect
on our ability to market our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows and or future prospects. 

Significant increases in state and local
regulation of our products have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous jurisdictions. 

There has been increasing
activity on the state and local levels with respect to scrutiny of e-products. State and local governmental bodies across the U.S. have
indicated e-products may become subject to new laws and regulations at the state and local levels. Further, some states and cities, have
enacted regulations that require obtaining a tobacco retail license in order to sell electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products. Many
states and some cities have passed laws restricting the sale of electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products to minors. If one or more
states from which we generate or anticipate generating significant sales of e-products bring actions to prevent us from selling our e-products
unless we obtain certain licenses, approvals or permits, and if we are not able to obtain the necessary licenses, approvals or permits
for financial reasons or otherwise and/or any such license, approval or permit is determined to be overly burdensome to us, then we may
be required to cease sales and distribution of our products to those states, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Certain states and cities
have already restricted the use of electronic cigarettes and vaporizer products in smoke-free venues. Additional city, state or federal
regulators, municipalities, local governments and private industry may enact rules and regulations restricting the use of electronic cigarettes
and vaporizer products in those same places where cigarettes cannot be smoked. Because of these restrictions, our customers may reduce
or otherwise cease using our e-products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

There is uncertainty related to the federal regulation of e-products.
Increased regulatory compliance burdens could have a material adverse impact on our business development efforts. 

Since their introduction,
there has been significant uncertainty regarding whether, how and when tobacco regulations would apply to certain of our products, such
as e-cigarettes, e-liquids, vaporizers, and other related products. Based on a decision in December 2010 by the U.S. Court of Appeals
for the D.C. Circuit (the Sottera decision ), the FDA is permitted to regulate electronic cigarettes containing tobacco-derived
nicotine as tobacco products under the Tobacco Control Act. 

Effective August 8, 2016,
FDA s regulatory authority under the Tobacco Control Act was extended to all remaining tobacco products, including: (i) certain
new products (such as electronic cigarettes, vaporizers and e-liquids) and their components or parts (such as tanks, coils and batteries);
(ii) cigars and their components or parts (such as cigar tobacco); (iii) pipe tobacco; (iv) hookah products; or (v) any other tobacco
product newly deemed by FDA. These deeming regulations apply to all products made or derived from tobacco intended for human
consumption but excluding accessories of tobacco products (such as lighters). 

34 

The deeming regulations require
us to (i) register with the FDA and report product and ingredient listings; (ii) market newly deemed products only after FDA review and
approval; (iii) only make direct and implied claims of reduced risk if the FDA approves after finding that scientific evidence supports
the claim and that marketing the product will benefit public health as a whole; (iv) refrain from distributing free samples; (v) implement
minimum age and identification restrictions to prevent sales to individuals under age 18; (vi) develop an approved warning plan and include
prescribed health warnings on packaging and advertisements; and (vii) refrain from selling the products in vending machines, unless the
machine is located in a facility that never admits youth. Newly-deemed tobacco products are also subject to the other requirements of
the Tobacco Control Act, such as that they not be adulterated or misbranded. The FDA could in the future promulgate good manufacturing
practice regulations for these and our other products, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability and the cost to manufacture
our products. 

The anticipated costs of complying
with future FDA regulations will be dependent on the rules issued by the FDA, the timing and clarity of any new rules or guidance documents
accompanying these rules, the reliability and simplicity (or complexity) of the electronic systems utilized by FDA for information and
reports to be submitted, and the details required by FDA for such information and reports with respect to each regulated product (which
have yet to be issued by FDA). Failure to comply with existing or new FDA regulatory requirements could result in significant financial
penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to market and
sell our products. Compliance and related costs could be substantial and could significantly increase the costs of operating in our NewGen
and cigar and pipe tobacco product markets. 

In addition, failure to comply
with the Tobacco Control Act and with FDA regulatory requirements could result in litigation, criminal convictions or significant financial
penalties and could impair our ability to market and sell our electronic and vaporizer products. At present, we are not able to predict
whether the Tobacco Control Act will impact our products to a greater degree than competitors in the industry, thus affecting our competitive
position. 

Furthermore, neither the Prevent
All Cigarette Trafficking Act nor the Federal Cigarette Labeling and Advertising Act currently apply to NewGen products. There may, in
the future, also be increased regulation of additives in smokeless products and internet sales of NewGen products. The application of
either or both of these federal laws, and of any new laws or regulations which may be adopted in the future, to NewGen products or such
additives could result in additional expenses and require us to change our advertising and labeling, and methods of marketing and distribution
of our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Recent bans on the sales of flavored e-cigarettes
directly impact the markets in which we may sell our products, and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

On January 2, 2020, the FDA
issued an enforcement policy effectively banning the sale of flavored cartridge-based e-cigarettes marketed primarily by large manufacturers
in the United States without prior authorization from the FDA, which policy went into effect in February 2020. In addition, several state
and local governments have temporarily or permanently banned the sale of flavored e-cigarettes as of the date of hereof, although some
bans have been temporarily halted by judicially imposed injunctions. Other states and municipalities are considering implementing similar
restrictions, and some cities have implemented more restrictive measures than their state counterparts, such as San Francisco, which in
June 2019, approved a new ban on the sale of flavored nicotine products, including vaping liquids and menthol cigarettes. Any ban of on
the sale of flavored e-cigarettes directly limits the markets in which we may sell our products. In the event the prevalence of such bans
increase across the United States, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially harmed. 

There is uncertainty related to the regulation
of flavored e-cigarette liquid and vaporization products and certain other consumption accessories, including the possibility that all
flavored e-cigarette liquid and vaporization products may be recalled or removed from the market entirely. Any increased regulatory compliance
burdens will have a material adverse impact on our operations and future business development efforts. 

There has been increasing
activity on the federal, state, and local levels with respect to scrutiny of flavored e-cigarette liquid and vaporizer products, including
the FDA s recently announced enforcement policy regarding flavored cartridge-based e-cigarette products, and there is uncertainty
regarding whether and in what circumstances federal, state, or local regulatory authorities will seek to develop and/or enforce regulations
relative to other products used for the vaporization of nicotine. Federal, state, and local governmental bodies across the United States
have indicated that flavored e-cigarette liquid, vaporization products and certain other consumption accessories may become subject to
new laws and regulations at the state and local levels. In addition to initiatives taken by the FDA at the federal level, there are 29
states with specific laws around how to package vaping products. In addition, certain states have temporarily banned the sale of flavored
e-cigarettes. Many states, provinces, and some cities have passed laws restricting the sale of e-cigarettes and certain other nicotine
vaporizer products. 

Changes to the application
of existing laws and regulations, and/or the implementation of any new laws or regulations that may be adopted in the future, at a federal,
state, or local level, directly or indirectly implicating flavored e-cigarette liquid and products used for the vaporization of nicotine
would materially limit our ability to sell such products, result in additional compliance expenses, and require us to change our labeling
and methods of distribution, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

35 

The regulation of tobacco products by the
FDA in the United States and the issuance of Deeming Regulations may materially adversely affect the Company. 

The Deeming Regulations 
issued by the FDA in May 2016 require any e-liquid, e-cigarettes, and other vaping products considered to be Deemed Tobacco Products that
were not commercially marketed as of the grandfathering date of February 15, 2007, to obtain premarket approval by the FDA before any
new e-liquid or other vaping products can be marketed in the United States. However, any Deemed Tobacco Products such as certain products
from our product lines that were on the market in the United States prior to August 8, 2016 have a grace period to continue to market
such products, ending on May 12, 2020 whereby a premarket application, likely though the PMTA pathway, must be completed and filed with
the FDA. Upon submission of a PMTA, products would then be able to be marketed pending the FDA s review of the submission.
Without obtaining marketing authorization by the FDA prior to May 12, 2020 or having submitted a PMTA by such date, non-authorized
products would be required to be removed from the market in the United States until such authorization could be obtained, although such
products may continue to be sold if a PMTA is pending as of the May 12, 2020 deadline. 

As of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, we are not preparing to submit PMTAs for certain of our traditional nicotine electronic cigarette and vapor products,
including, but not limited to menthol and/or tobacco products. We are also evaluating the potential investment and returns associated
with filing additional PMTAs for other products after the May 2020 expiration of the grace period (which on April 22, 2020 the FDA was
granted by the court, a 120-day extension of the May 12 deadline) which we expect to cost at least 750,000 per application, which cost
may vary based on several factors including the selection of contract research organizations to assist with the application process, as
well as variable costs associated with scientific, market perception and clinical studies that may be required in connection with each
PMTA. If we do not submit a PMTA for any our products considered to be Deemed Tobacco Products prior to the lapse of the grace
period or if any PMTA submitted by the Company is denied, we will be required to cease the marketing and distribution of such
our products, which, in turn, would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial
condition. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that if the Company were to complete a PMTA for any of the affected our products, that
any application would be approved by the FDA. 

The market for electronic cigarettes and
vapor products is a niche market, subject to a great deal of uncertainty and is still evolving. 

Electronic cigarettes and
vapor products, having recently been introduced to market, are still at an early stage of development, represent a niche market and are
evolving rapidly and are characterized by an increasing number of market entrants. Our future sales and any future profits are substantially
dependent upon the widespread acceptance and use of electronic cigarettes. Rapid growth in the use of, and interest in, electronic cigarettes
is recent, and may not continue on a lasting basis. The demand and market acceptance for these products is subject to a high level of
uncertainty. Therefore, we are subject to all of the business risks associated with a new enterprise in a niche market, including risks
of unforeseen capital requirements, failure of widespread market acceptance of electronic cigarettes and vapor products, in general or,
specifically our products, failure to establish business relationships and competitive disadvantages as against larger and more established
competitors. 

There is substantial concern regarding the effect of long-term
use of electronic cigarettes and vaping products. Despite the recent outbreak of vaping-related lung injuries, the medical profession
does not yet definitively know the cause of such injuries. Should electronic cigarettes or vapor products, including our products, be
determined conclusively to pose long-term health risks, including a risk of vaping-related lung injury, our business will be negatively
impacted. 

Because electronic cigarettes
and vapor products have been developed and commercialized recently, the medical profession has not yet had a sufficient period of time
to fully realize the long-term health effects attributable to electronic cigarette and vapor product use. On November 8, officials at
the CDC reported a breakthrough in the investigation into the outbreak of vaping-related lung injuries. The CDC s principal deputy
director, Dr. Anne Schuchat, stated that vitamin E acetate is a known additive used to dilute liquid in e-cigarettes or vaping
products that contain THC, suggesting the possible culprit for the series of lung injuries across the U.S. As a result, there is
currently no way of knowing whether or not vapor products are safe for their intended use. If the medical profession were to determine
conclusively that electronic cigarette or vapor product usage poses long-term health risks, the use of such products, including our products,
could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

36 

Possible yet unanticipated changes in federal
and state law could cause any of our current products, containing hemp-derived CBD oil to be illegal, or could otherwise prohibit,
limit or restrict any of our products containing CBD. 

We distribute certain products
containing hemp-derived CBD, and we currently intend to develop and launch additional products containing hemp-derived CBD in the
future. Until 2014, when 7 U.S. Code 5940 became federal law as part of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (the 2014 Farm Ac t ),
products containing oils derived from hemp, notwithstanding a minimal or non-existing THC content, were classified as Schedule I illegal
drugs. The 2014 Farm Act expired on September 30, 2018, and was thereafter replaced by the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 on December
20, 2018 (the 2018 Farm Act ), which amended various sections of the U.S. Code, thereby removing hemp, defined as
cannabis with less than 0.3 THC, from Schedule 1 status under the Controlled Substances Act, and legalizing the cultivation and sale
of industrial-hemp at the federal level, subject to compliance with certain federal requirements and state law, amongst other things.
More specifically, industrial hemp is defined as the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of such plant, whether growing or not,
with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. The hemp oil we use comports
with this definition of less than 0.3 THC. THC is the psychoactive component of plants in the cannabis family generally identified as
marihuana or marijuana. There is no assurance that the 2018 Farm Act will not be repealed or amended such that our products containing
hemp-derived CBD would once again be deemed illegal under federal law. 

The 2018 Farm Act delegates
the authority to the states to regulate and limit the production of hemp and hemp derived products within their territories. Although
many states have adopted laws and regulations that allow for the production and sale of hemp and hemp derived products under certain circumstances,
currently Idaho, Mississippi and South Dakota have not adopted laws and regulations permitted by the 2018 Farm Act. No assurance can be
given that such state laws may not be implemented, repealed or amended such that our products containing hemp-derived CBD would be deemed
legal in those states that have not adopted regulations pursuant to the 2018 Farm Act, or illegal under the laws of one or more states
now permitting such products, which in turn would render such intended products illegal in those states under federal law even if the
federal law is unchanged. In the event of either repeal of federal or of state laws and regulations, or of amendments thereto that are
adverse to our intended products, we may be restricted or limited with respect to those products that we may sell or distribute, which
could adversely impact our intended business plan with respect to such intended products. 

Additionally, the FDA has
indicated its view that certain types of products containing CBD may not be permissible under the FDCA. The FDA s position is related
to its approval of Epidiolex, a marijuana-derived prescription medicine to be available in the United States. The active ingredient in
Epidiolex is CBD. On December 20, 2018, after the passage of the 2018 Farm Bill, the FDA then-Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued
a statement in which he reiterated the FDA s position that, among other things, the FDA requires a cannabis product (hemp-derived or
otherwise) that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit, or with any other disease claim, to be approved by the FDA for its intended
use before it may be introduced into interstate commerce and that the FDCA prohibits introducing into interstate commerce food products
containing added CBD, and marketing products containing CBD as a dietary supplement, regardless of whether the substances are hemp-derived.
We do not believe that any of our products fall within the FDA s regulatory authority reiterated by the FDA Commissioner in December
2018, as we have not, and do not intend to market any of our products with a claim of therapeutic benefit or with any other disease claim.
However, should any regulatory action, including action taken by the FDA, and/or legal proceeding alleging violations of such laws could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our hemp oil products are found to violate federal law or
if there is negative press from being in a hemp or cannabis-related business, we could be criminally prosecuted or forced to suspend or
cease operations. 

Although we sell vaporizers
that are for use with medical marijuana, we do not sell the medical marijuana component. We do sell products with hemp oil as an ingredient.
There is a misconception that that hemp and marijuana are the same thing. This perception drives much of the regulation of hemp products.
Although hemp and marijuana are both part of the cannabis family, they differ in cultivation, function, and application. Despite the use
of marijuana becoming more widely legalized, it is viewed by many regulators and many others as an illegal product. Hemp, on the other
hand, is used in a variety of other ways that include clothing, skin products, pet products, dietary supplements (the use of CBD oil),
and thousands of other applications. Hemp may be legally sold, however the inability of many to understand the difference between hemp
and marijuana often causes burdensome regulation and confusion among potential customers. Therefore, we may be affected by laws related
to cannabis and marijuana, even though our products are not the direct targets of these laws. 

37 

Cannabis is currently a Schedule
I controlled substance under the Controlled Substance Act CSA and is, therefore, illegal under federal law. Even in those
states in which the use of cannabis has been legalized pursuant to state law, its use, possession and/or cultivation remains a violation
of federal law. A Schedule I controlled substance is defined as one that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a
lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ describes Schedule I controlled substances as the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with potentially severe psychological
or physical dependence. If the federal government decides to enforce the CSA in the states, persons that are charged with distributing,
possessing with intent to distribute or growing cannabis could be subject to fines and/or terms of imprisonment, the maximum being life
imprisonment and a 50 million fine. 

Currently,
21 states and Washington, D.C. have legalized recreational use for adults 21 years and older, while 37 states have legal medical marijuana
programs. An additional 11 states permit the use of products containing CBD and small amounts of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). .
Such state and territorial laws are in conflict with the federal CSA, which makes cannabis use and possession illegal at the federal level. 

However, cannabis, as mentioned
above, is a schedule-I controlled substance and is illegal under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of cannabis has been
legalized, its production and use remains a violation of federal law. Since federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state
laws that legalize its use, strict enforcement of federal laws regarding marijuana that would apply to the sale and distribution of our
hemp oil products could result in criminal charges brought against us and would likely result in our inability to proceed with our business
plan. 

In addition, any negative
press resulting from any incorrect perception that we have entered into the marijuana space could result in a loss of current or future
business. It could also adversely affect the public s perception of us and lead to reluctance by new parties to do business with
us or to own our common stock. We cannot assure you that additional business partners, including but not limited to financial institutions
and customers, will not attempt to end or curtail their relationships with us. Any such negative press or cessation of business could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our product candidates are not approved
by the FDA or other regulatory authority, and we face risks of unforeseen medical problems, and up to a complete ban on the sale of our
product candidates. 

The efficacy and safety of
pharmaceutical products is established through a process of clinical testing under FDA oversight. Our products have not gone through this
process because we believe that the topical products, we sell are not subject to this process. However, if an individual were to use one
of our products in an improper manner, we cannot predict the potential medical harm to that individual. If such an event were to occur,
the FDA or similar regulatory agency might impose a complete ban on the sale or use of our products. 

Sources of hemp-derived CBD depend
upon legality of cultivation, processing, marketing and sales of products derived from those plants under state law. 

Hemp-derived CBD can only
be legally produced in states that have laws and regulations that allow for such production and that comply with the 2018 Farm Act, apart
from state laws legalizing and regulating medical and recreational cannabis or marijuana, which remains illegal under federal law and
regulations. We purchase all of our hemp-derived CBD from licensed growers and processors in states where such production is legal. As
described in the preceding risk factor, in the event of repeal or amendment of laws and regulations which are now favorable to the cannabis/hemp
industry in such states, we would be required to locate new suppliers in states with laws and regulations that qualify under the 2018
Farm Act. If we were to be unsuccessful in arranging new sources of supply of our raw ingredients, or if our raw ingredients were to become
legally unavailable, our intended business plan with respect to such products could be adversely impacted. 

Because our distributors may only sell and ship our products
containing hemp-derived CBD in states that have adopted laws and regulations qualifying under the 2018 Farm Act, a reduction
in the number of states having such qualifying laws and regulations could limit, restrict or otherwise preclude the sale of intended products
containing hemp-derived CBD. 

The interstate shipment of
hemp-derived CBD from one state to another is legal only where both states have laws and regulations that allow for the production
and sale of such products and that qualify under the 2018 Farm Act. Therefore, the marketing and sale of our intended products containing
hemp-derived CBD is limited by such factors and is restricted to such states. Although we believe we may lawfully sell any of our finished
products, including those containing CBD, in a majority of states, a repeal or adverse amendment of laws and regulations that are now
favorable to the distribution, marketing and sale of finished products we intend to sell could significantly limit, restrict or prevent
us from generating revenue related to our products that contain hemp-derived CBD. Any such repeal or adverse amendment of now favorable
laws and regulations could have an adverse impact on our business plan with respect to such products. 

38 

Our business, results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected if we are taxed like other tobacco products or if we are required to collect and remit
sales tax on certain of our internet sales. 

Presently
the sale of e-products is generally not subject to federal, state and local excise taxes like the sale of conventional cigarettes or
other tobacco products, all of which generally have high tax rates and have faced significant increases in the amount of taxes collected
on their sales. In recent years, however, state and local governments have taken actions to move towards imposing excise taxes on e-products.
Certain localities impose excise taxes on electronic cigarettes and/or liquid vapor. Other jurisdictions are contemplating similar legislation
and other restrictions on electronic cigarettes. As of March 2023, m ore
than 30 states tax vape products: California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, and the District of Columbia. This represents a significant change
since 2015, when only three states and Washington, D.C. had a vape tax. 

Should federal, state and
local governments and or other taxing authorities begin or continue to impose excise taxes similar to those levied against conventional
cigarettes and tobacco products on e-products, it may have a material adverse effect on the demand for these products, as consumers may
be unwilling to pay the increased costs, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

We may be unable to establish
the systems and processes needed to track and submit the excise and sales taxes we collect through Internet sales, which would limit our
ability to market our products through our websites which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. States such as New York, Hawaii, Rhode Island and North Carolina have begun collecting sales taxes on Internet
sales where companies have used independent contractors in those states to solicit sales from residents of that state. The requirement
to collect, track and remit sales taxes based on independent affiliate sales may require us to increase our prices, which may affect demand
for our products or conversely reduce our net profit margin, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We may have a difficult time obtaining the
various insurances that are desired to operate our business in the CBD industry, which may expose us to additional risk and financial
liability . 

Insurance that is otherwise
readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, may become more difficult for us to find, and
more expensive, due to our recent launch of certain products containing hemp-derived CBD. There are no guarantees that we will be able
to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such insurances, it may
prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial liabilities. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON UNITS 

Trading on the OTC Markets is volatile and
sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common units . 

Our common units are quoted
on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets. Trading in securities quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations
in trading prices, due to many factors, some of which may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility
could depress the market price of our common units for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a
stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation
system like Nasdaq Capital Market or a stock exchange like the NYSE American. 

39 

Our stock price is likely to be highly volatile
because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The market price of our common
units has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common units is likely to be highly volatile in the future. You may not
be able to resell our common units following periods of volatility because of the market s adverse reaction to volatility. 

Other factors that could cause
such volatility may include, among other things: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

the absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; 

we may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall stock market fluctuations; 

announcements concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions or trends in the industry; 

litigation; 

changes in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future sales of common units; 

departure of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and 

general market conditions. 

Any of these factors could
have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common units and/or warrants. In addition, the stock market in general
has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common units and/or warrants, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

The issuance of a large number of common units could significantly
dilute existing unitholders and negatively impact the market price of our common units. 

On February 19, 2020 Closing
Date ), the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 19, 2020, with DiamondRock, LLC, a New York
limited liability company Selling Unitholder providing that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, Selling
Unitholder is committed to purchase, on an unconditional basis, shares of common units Put Shares at an aggregate price
of up to 5,000,000 over the course of its term. Pursuant to the terms of the equity purchase agreement, the purchase price for each of
the Put Shares equals 85 of the average daily volume weighted average price of the common units during the five trading days following
the clearing date associated with the applicable put notice Put Notice ). As a result, if we sell shares of common units
under the equity purchase agreement, we will be issuing common units at below market prices, which could cause the market price of our
common units to decline, and if such issuances are significant in number, the amount of the decline in our market price could also be
significant. In general, we are unlikely to sell shares of common units under the equity purchase agreement at a time when the additional
dilution to unitholders would be substantial unless we are unable to obtain capital to meet our financial obligations from other sources
on better terms at such time. However, if we do, the dilution that could result from such issuances could have a material adverse impact
on existing unitholders and could cause the price of our common units to fall rapidly based on the amount of such dilution. 

40 

The Selling Unitholder may sell a large
number of common units, resulting in substantial diminution to the value of units held by existing unitholders. 

Pursuant to the Equity Purchase
Agreement, we are prohibited from delivering a Put Notice to the Selling Unitholder to the extent that the issuance of units would cause
the Selling Unitholder to beneficially own more than 4.99 of our then-outstanding common units. These restrictions, however, do not prevent
the Selling Unitholder from selling common units received in connection with the Equity Line and then receiving additional common units
in connection with a subsequent issuance. In this way, the Selling Unitholder could sell more than 4.99 of the outstanding common units
in a relatively short time frame while never holding more than 4.99 at any one time. As a result, existing unitholders and new investors
could experience substantial diminution in the value of their common units. Additionally, we do not have the right to control the timing
and amount of any sales by the Selling Unitholder of the units issued under the Equity Line. 

Our common units are a penny stock 
under SEC rules. It may be more difficult to resell securities classified as penny stock. 

Our common units is a
 penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share price below
 5.00). Unless we successfully list our common units on a national securities exchange, or attain and maintain a per-unit price
above 5.00, these rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of
penny stocks to persons other than those who qualify as established customers or accredited investors. 
For example, broker-dealers must determine the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks.
Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer
also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, disclose the compensation of the
broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny
stock held in the customer s account, provide a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment
for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal remedies available to
an investor in penny stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for damages. 

These requirements may have
the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny
stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions
in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability
of broker-dealers to sell our common units and may affect your ability to resell our common units. 

Many brokerage firms will
discourage or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest in penny stocks. In
addition, many individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial risk generally
associated with these investments. 

For these reasons, penny stocks
may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if ever, our common units will
no longer be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

Our directors and officers control a substantial
number of our common units, decreasing your influence on unitholder decisions. 

Our officers and directors
own 32,103,170 units, or approximately 35.4 of our outstanding common units. As a result, our officers and directors as a group could
have a significant influence in delaying, deferring or preventing any potential change in control of our company; they will be able to
strongly influence the actions of our board of directors even if they were to cease being directors or officers of our company and can
effectively control the outcome of actions brought to our unitholders for approval. Such a high level of ownership may adversely affect
the exercise of your voting and other unitholder rights. 

41 

Units eligible for future sale may adversely
affect the market. 

From time to time, certain
of our unitholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their common units by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, non-affiliate
unitholders may sell freely after six months, subject only to the current public information requirement. Affiliates may sell after six
months, subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), current public information, and notice requirements. Of
the 88,804,035 common units outstanding as of December 31, 2022, approximately 46,288,573 units are tradable without restriction. Given
the limited trading of our common units, resale of even a small number of our common units pursuant to Rule 144 or an effective registration
statement may adversely affect the market price of our common units. 

Provisions of our partnership agreement,
as amended, may delay or prevent a takeover which may not be in the best interests of our unitholders. 

Provisions of the Partnership
Agreement of the Company, as amended, may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects. Pursuant to Section 5.6 of the Partnership Agreement,
the General Partner of the Company may, without the approval of the Company s limited partners, issue additional securities of the
Company for any partnership purpose at any time and from time to time for such consideration and on such terms and conditions as the General
Partner shall determine in its sole discretion, all without the approval of any limited partners, and that each additional Company interest
authorized to be issued by the Company may be issued in one or more classes, or one of more series of any such classes, with such designations,
preferences, rights, powers and duties as shall be fixed by the General Partner in its sole discretion. Pursuant to Section 13.1 of the
Agreement, the General Partner may, without the approval of any partner, any unitholder or any other person, amend any provision of the
Partnership Agreement to reflect any amendment expressly permitted in the Partnership Agreement to be made by the General Partner acting
along, therefore including the creation of a new class of Company securities with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other
rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common units. 

We do not expect to pay dividends in the
foreseeable future. 

We do not intend to declare
dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and growth of our
business. Therefore, investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common units, and unitholders may be unable to sell their
units on favorable terms. We cannot assure you of a positive return on investment or that you will not lose the entire amount of your
investment in our common units. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

In October 2019, the Company
entered into a 5-year lease of approximately 9,819 square feet of warehouse store and office space with an entity of which the Company s
chief executive officer is an owner. The lease requires base monthly rent of 11,100. The Company has annual options to extend for one-year,
during which period rent will increase 3 annually. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our current and near-term future
needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

There are no current, pending
or threatened legal proceedings against the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

42 

PART II 

Item 5. Market Price for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Trading Price History 

Our common units are currently
quoted on the OTC Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the ticker symbol VPRB. The OTC Market is a computer network
that provides information on current bids and asks , as well as volume information. 

On April 12, 2023, the
closing price of our common units on the OTC Pink was 0.1516 per unit. 

Unitholders of Record 

As of April 13, 2023, we had
88,804,035 outstanding common units and there were approximately 36 holders of record of our common units, not including holders who hold
their units in street name. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or
paid a cash dividend. At this time, we do not anticipate paying dividends in the future. We are under no legal or contractual obligation
to declare or to pay dividends, and the timing and amount of any future cash dividends and distributions is at the discretion of Board
of Directors of the Manager and will depend, among other things, on our future after-tax earnings, operations, capital requirements, borrowing
capacity, financial condition and general business conditions. We plan to retain any earnings for use in the operation of our business
and to fund future growth. You should not purchase our Common Units on the expectation of future dividends. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and
analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of VPR Brands, LP VPRB or the Company should
be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to us, 
 we, our, and similar terms refer to the Company. This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements, as that term is defined in the federal securities laws, based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties,
such as plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. Words such as anticipate, estimate, 
 plan, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, 
 may, will, should, could, and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking
statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to a number of uncertainties,
risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence the accuracy of the statements and the projections
upon which the statements are based. Reference is made to Risk Factors , which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

43 

OVERVIEW 

We are a company engaged in
the electronic cigarette and personal vaporizer industry. We own a portfolio of electronic cigarette and personal vaporizer patents which
are the basis for our efforts to: 

Design, market and distribute a line of e liquids under the HELIUM brand; 

Design, market and distribute a line vaporizers for essential oils, concentrates, and dry herbs under the HONEYSTICK brand; 

Design, market and distribute a line of cannabidiol CBD products under the GOLD LINE brand; 

Design, market and distribute electronic cigarettes and popular vaporizers under the KRAVE brand; 

Prosecute and enforce our patent rights; 

License our intellectual property; and 

Develop private label manufacturing programs. 

For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated revenues of 4,927,616 and 6,222,632, respectively; reported net loss of 203,697 and income
of 127,174, respectively, and negative cash flow from operating activities of 444,431 and 280,900, respectively. As noted in our consolidated
financial statements, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 10,418,696 as of December 31, 2022. We anticipate that we will continue
to report losses and negative cash flow. Our auditors have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern
as a result of our historical recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations. See Risk Factors We have a history
of operating losses and our auditors have indicated that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Results of Operations 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Our revenue for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4,927,616 and 6,222,632, respectively. The decrease was a result of the
decrease in customer sales. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 3,289,950 and 4,087,414, respectively. The decrease is the result of an decrease in sales during
2022. Gross margins decreased from 34 in 2021 to 33 in 2022 due to decreased online sales direct to consumer, which have higher margins
than wholesale sales. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,828,195,
as compared to 1,933,341 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to decreased sales activity. 

44 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other expense decreased to
 13,168 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 74,702 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly attributable
to debt forgiveness of PPP Loans and the settlement of certain litigation, which provided net proceeds of 580,429. 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net loss for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 203,697 compared to a net income of 127,174 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table sets forth
a summary of our net cash flows for the periods indicated: 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash flows used in operating activities 
 (444,431 
 (280,900 
 
 Net cash flows from financing activities 
 464,262 
 283,490 

The Company used cash in operating
activities of 444,431 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 280,900 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in cash used is mainly a result of increased levels of inventory and accounts receivable, offset by an increase in accounts payables and
non-cash forgiveness of PPP loans. 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company received loans from related parties and institutional investors of 1,055,006 and 1,015,007, respectively.
In 2021, the Company received proceeds from PPP Loans totaling 190,057. Also, the Company paid debt of 590,744 in 2022, as compared
to 921,574 in 2021. During 2022 and 2021, the Company was provided cash from financing activities of 464,262 and 283,490, respectively. 

Assets 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had total assets of 1,632,528 and 1,254,772, respectively. Assets primarily consist of the cash accounts held by the Company, inventory,
vendor deposits, accounts receivable and a right-to-use asset. In 2021, the Company s inventory was increased by 163,256 as a result
of additional purchases for new products, accounts receivable increased by 310,864 from sales, vendor deposits decreased by 53,055,
and right of use asset decreased by 77,227. 

Liabilities 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had total liabilities of 3,951,020 and 3,369,567, respectively. The increase was primarily due to an increase in notes payable, an increase in customer deposits and a decrease in accounts payable. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge
its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has a working capital deficit of 1,938,476 at December 31, 2022. The continuation
of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon, among other things, the continued financial support from its common unit holders,
the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations. These factors, among
others, raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

45 

The Company will be required
to obtain additional financing and capital and expects to satisfy its cash needs primarily from the additional issuance of equity securities
or indebtedness in order to sustain operations until it can achieve profitability and positive cash flows, if ever. There can be no assurances,
however, that adequate additional funding will be available on favorable terms, or at all. If such funds are not available in the future,
the Company may be required to delay, significantly modify or terminate its operations, all of which could have a material adverse effect
on the Company. 

Availability of Additional Funds 

Our capital requirements going
forward will consist of financing our operations until we are able to reach a level of revenues and gross margins adequate to equal or
exceed our ongoing operating expenses. We do not have any credit agreement or source of liquidity immediately available to us. 

Since inception, our operations
have primarily been funded through proceeds from equity and debt financing. At December 31, 2022, we had 22,421 of cash on hand. Although
we believe that we have access to capital resources, there are no commitments in place for new financing as of the filing date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain funds on commercially acceptable terms, if at
all. We expect to have ongoing needs for working capital in order to (a) fund operations; plus (b) fund strategic acquisitions. To that
end, we may be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that we will be
successful in securing additional capital. If we are unsuccessful, we may need to (a) initiate cost reductions; (b) forego business development
opportunities; (c) seek extensions of time to fund its liabilities, or (d) seek protection from creditors. 

In addition, if we are unable
to generate adequate cash from operations, and if we are unable to find sources of funding, it may be necessary for us to sell all or
a portion of our assets, enter into a business combination, or reduce or eliminate operations. These possibilities, to the extent available,
may be on terms that result in significant dilution to our unitholders or that result in our unitholders losing all of their investment
in our Company. 

If we are able to raise additional
capital, we do not know what the terms of any such capital raising would be. In addition, any future sale of our equity securities would
dilute the ownership and control of your units and could be at prices substantially below prices at which our units currently trade. Our
inability to raise capital could require us to significantly curtail or terminate our operations. We may seek to increase our cash reserves
through the sale of additional equity or debt securities. The sale of convertible debt securities or additional equity securities could
result in additional and potentially substantial dilution to our unitholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
debt service obligations and could result in operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations and liquidity. In addition,
our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties. 

Our audited financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), which contemplate our continuation as a going concern and the realization of assets
and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in the
financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The financial statements do not include
any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Equity Purchase Agreement and Registration
Statement 

On February 19, 2020 Execution
Date ), the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the Equity Purchase Agreement with DiamondRock, LLC Selling Unitholder pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the Selling Unitholder is
committed to purchase shares of the Company s common units (the Put Shares at an aggregate price of up to 5,000,000
(the Maximum Commitment Amount over the course of the commitment period. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement,
the commitment period will commence upon the initial effective date of this registration statement and will end on the earlier of (i)
the date on which the Selling Unitholder has purchased Common Units from us pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement Put Shares equal to the Maximum Commitment Amount, (ii) the date on which there is no longer an effective registration statement for the Put Shares,
(iii) 24 months after the initial effectiveness of this registration statement, or (iv) written notice of termination by us to the Selling
Unitholder (which will not occur at any time that the Selling Unitholder holds any of the Put Shares). 

46 

From time to time over the
term of the Equity Purchase Agreement, commencing on the date on which a registration statement registering the Put Shares (the Registration
Statement becomes effective, the Company may, in its sole discretion, provide the Selling Unitholder with a put notice (each a
 Put Notice to purchase a specified number of the Put Shares (each a Put Amount Requested subject to the
limitations discussed below and contained in the Equity Purchase Agreement. Within one trading day of the date that the Put Notice is
deemed delivered Put Date pursuant to terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Company shall deliver, or cause to be
delivered, to the Selling Unitholder estimated Put Shares equal to the investment amount Investment Amount indicated in
the Put Notice divided by the Initial Pricing per share (the Estimated Put Shares as DWAC Shares. Within one trading day
following the Put Date, Selling Unitholder shall pay the Investment Amount to the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds
to an escrow account to be established with the escrow agent for the benefit of the Company. 

At the end of the five trading
days following the clearing date associated with the applicable Put Notice Valuation Period ), the purchase price Purchase
Price shall be computed as 85 of the average daily volume weighted average price of the common units during the Valuation Period
and the number of Put Shares shall be determined for a particular Put as the Investment Amount divided by the Purchase Price. If the number
of Estimated Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Initial Pricing) initially delivered to Selling Unitholder is greater than the number
of Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Purchase Price) purchased by the Selling Unitholder pursuant to such Put, then, within two
trading days following the end of the Valuation Period, the Selling Unitholder shall deliver to the Company any excess Estimated Put Shares
associated with such Put. If the number of Estimated Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Initial Pricing) delivered to the Selling
Unitholder is less than the Put Shares purchased by the Selling Unitholder pursuant to a Put, then within two trading days following the
end of the Valuation Period the Company shall deliver to the Selling Unitholder the difference between the Estimated Put Shares and the
Put Shares issuable pursuant to such Put. 

The Put Amount Requested pursuant to any single
Put Notice must have an aggregate value of at least 25,000, and cannot exceed the lesser of (i) 250,000, and (ii) 150 of the average
daily trading value of the common units in the five trading days immediately preceding the Put Notice. 

In order to deliver a Put
Notice, certain conditions set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement must be met, as provided therein. In addition, the Company is prohibited
from delivering a Put Notice if: (i) the sale of Put Shares pursuant to such Put Notice would cause the Company to issue and sell to Selling
Unitholder, or Selling Unitholder to acquire or purchase, a number of shares of the Company s common units that, when aggregated
with all shares of common units purchased by Selling Unitholder pursuant to all prior Put Notices issued under the Equity Purchase Agreement,
would exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount; or (ii) the issuance of the Commitment Shares pursuant to a request for the Commitment Shares
would cause the Company to issue and sell to Selling Unitholder, or Selling Unitholder to acquire or purchase, an aggregate number of
shares of common units that would result in Selling Unitholder beneficially owning more than 4.99 of the issued and outstanding shares
of the Company s common units. 

On the Execution Date, the
Company also entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with Selling Unitholder pursuant
to which the Company is obligated to file the Registration Statement to register the resale of the Put Shares. Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company must (i) file the Registration Statement within 30 calendar days from the Execution Date, (ii) use reasonable
best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act within 90 calendar days after the filing
thereof, and (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act
until all of the Put Shares have been sold thereunder or pursuant to Rule 144. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet
arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

47 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in notes accompanying the financial statements. The preparation of the financial
statements requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues,
expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are based on information available as of the date of
the financial statements, and accordingly, actual results in future periods could differ from these estimates. Significant judgments and
estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements apply critical accounting policies described in the notes to our financial
statements. 

We consider our recognition
of revenues, accounting for the consolidation of operations, accounting for stock-based compensation, accounting for intangible assets
and related impairment analyses, the allowance for doubtful accounts and accounting for equity transactions, to be most critical in understanding
the judgments that are involved in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Together with our critical
accounting policies set out below, our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 2 of our audited financial statements as
of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the
financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts Receivable 

The Company analyses the collectability
of accounts receivable from continuing operations each accounting period and adjusts its allowance for doubtful accounts accordingly.
A considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing the realization of accounts receivables, including the creditworthiness of
each customer, current and historical collection history and the related aging of past due balances. The Company evaluates specific accounts
when it becomes aware of information indicating that a customer may not be able to meet its financial obligations due to deterioration
of its financial condition, lower credit ratings, bankruptcy or other factors affecting the ability to render payment. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had no allowance for bad debt. 

Inventory 

Inventory consisting of finished
products is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. At each balance sheet date, the Company evaluates its ending inventories
for excess quantities and obsolescence. This evaluation primarily includes an analysis of forecasted demand in relation to the inventory
on hand, among consideration of other factors. The physical condition (e.g., age and quality) of the inventories is also considered in
establishing its valuation. Based upon the evaluation, provisions are made to reduce excess or obsolete inventories to their estimated
net realizable values. Once established, write-downs are considered permanent adjustments to the cost basis of the respective inventories.
These adjustments are estimates, which could vary significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from the amounts that the Company may
ultimately realize upon the disposition of inventories if future economic conditions, customer inventory levels, product discontinuances,
sales return levels or competitive conditions differ from the Company s estimates and expectations. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had no provision for obsolescence. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02 (Topic 842). Topic
842 amended several aspects of lease accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize leases with a term greater than one year as
a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability, measured at the present value of the lease payments. In July 2018, the FASB issued supplemental
adoption guidance and clarification to Topic 842 within ASU 2018-10 Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases and ASU
2018-11 Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements. The new guidance aims to increase transparency and comparability among
organizations by requiring lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and requiring disclosure of key
information about leasing arrangements. A modified retrospective application is required with an option to not restate comparative periods
in the period of adoption. 

48 

Effective January 1, 2019,
the Company has adopted the provisions of the new standard. The Company decided to use the practical expedients available upon adoption
of Topic 842 to aid the transition from current accounting to provisions of Topic 842. The package of expedients will effectively allow
the Company to run off existing leases, as initially classified as operating and classify new leases after implementation under the new
standard as the business evolves. 

The Company has an operating
lease principally for warehouse and office space. Management evaluates each lease independently to determine the purpose, necessity to
its future operations in addition to other appropriate facts and circumstances. 

The Company adopted Topic
842 using a modified retrospective approach for its existing lease at January 1, 2019. The adoption of Topic 842 impacted the Company s
balance sheet by the recognition of the operating lease right-of-use assets and the liability for operating leases. The lease liability
is based on the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using a market based incremental borrowing rate as the effective
date of January 1, 2019 using current estimates as to lease term including estimated renewals for each operating lease. As of January
1, 2019, the Company recorded an adjustment of approximately 386,614 to operating lease right-to-use asset and the right to use lease
liability. 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements, including
most industry specific guidance. This new standard requires a company to recognize revenues when it transfers goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods or services. The FASB subsequently issued
the following amendments to ASU No. 2014-09 that have the same effective date and transition date: ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations; ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing; ASU No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements
and Practical Expedients; and ASU No. 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
The Company adopted these amendments with ASU 2014-09 (collectively, the new revenue standards). 

The new revenue standards
became effective for the Company on January 1, 2018, and were adopted using the modified retrospective method. The adoption of the new
revenue standards as of January 1, 2018 did not change the Company s revenue recognition as the majority of its revenues continue
to be recognized when the customer takes control of its product. As the Company did not identify any accounting changes that impacted
the amount of reported revenues with respect to its product revenues, no adjustment to retained earnings was required upon adoption. 

The Company recognizes revenues
when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which it expects to receive
in exchange for those goods. The Company recognizes revenues following the five step model prescribed under ASU No. 2014-09: (i) identify
contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenues when (or as) we satisfy the performance
obligation. 

Revenues from product sales
are recognized when the customer obtains control of the Company s product, which occurs at a point in time, typically upon delivery
to the customer. The Company expenses incremental costs of obtaining a contract as and when incurred if the expected amortization period
of the asset that it would have recognized is one year or less or the amount is immaterial. 

49 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Share-based payments to employees,
including grants of employee stock options are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values,
in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718. That expense is recognized over the period during
which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting
period). The Company had no common stock options or common stock equivalents granted or outstanding for all periods presented. The Company
may issue shares as compensation in future periods for employee services. 

The Company may issue restricted
units to consultants for various services. Cost for these transactions will be measured at the fair value of the consideration received
or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of the common stock is to be measured
at the earlier of: (i) the date at which a firm commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached,
or (ii) the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. The Company may issue shares as compensation in future periods
for services associated with the registration of the common shares. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting
company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The financial information
required by Item 8 begins on page F-1 through F-23. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of December 31, 2022, the fiscal year end covered by this report, our management concluded
its evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. 

Disclosure controls and procedures
refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and
forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. 

Our management does not expect
that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls
is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

50 

As of December 31, 2022, under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon our evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to
insufficient personnel to properly prepare, implement and monitor adequate controls and procedures. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) .
During our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, we identified the following
material weakness: 

The Company did not maintain
an effective financial reporting process to prepare financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Specifically, our process lacked
timely and complete financial statement reviews and procedures to ensure all required disclosures were made in our financial statements.
Also, the Company lacked documented procedures including documentation related to testing of internal controls and entity-level controls,
disclosure review, and other analytics. Furthermore, the Company lacked sufficient personnel to properly segregate duties. 

Therefore, our internal control
over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

A material weakness (within
the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting that is less severe than a material weakness; yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of
the Company s financial reporting. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

No changes were made to our
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

51 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The following table sets forth
the names, ages and positions of the executive officers and directors of our General Partner, Soleil Capital Management LLC. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with the Company 
 
 Since 
 
 Kevin Frija 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 June 5, 2015 
 
 Greg Pan 
 
 65 
 
 Director and Manager of the General Partner 
 
 December 26, 2013 
 
 Daniel Hoff 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 January 3, 2017 

Mr. Kevin Frija. Mr.
Frija was appointed on June 5, 2015 as the chief executive officer, president, chairman of the board of directors, and a director of the
Company and as the chief executive officer, president, chairman of the board of directors, a director and a manager of the Company s
General Partner. Prior to joining the Company, from June 2009 through March 2014, Mr. Frija served as chief executive officer and chairman
of the board of directors, of Vapor Corp., a company Mr. Frija grew from 1 million in sales to 25 million and oversaw the up listing
from the pink sheets to the NASDAQ, and, from June 2009 through February 2013, Mr. Frija also served as president of Vapor Corp. He has
over 25 years of experience, particularly in the areas of sourcing, manufacturing, supply chain management, marketing, advertising, and
licensing. Prior to Mr. Frija s involvement in Vapor Corp., he operated In Gear Fashions, Inc. Ingear ), a swim and
resort wear company based in Miami, Florida. Mr. Frija currently and on a limited basis assists Ingear in a managerial capacity. We believe
Mr. Frija s past experience as chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of Vapor Corp. and his experience
in the areas of sourcing, manufacturing, supply chain management, marketing and advertising will be valuable to the development and growth
of our Company. 

Mr. Guocheng Greg 
Pan. Mr. Pan PhD has been a director of the Company and a director and a manager of the Company s General Partner since December
26, 2013. From December 26, 2013 to June 5, 2015, Mr. Pan served as non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and
the Company s General Partner prior to resigning from such positions on June 5, 2015. Mr. Pan currently serves as chief executive
officer and president of China Hanking Holdings (3788:HK) and Chairman of GreenWorld Technologies. Dr. Pan has obtained more than 25 years
of experience in operations and management of various resource and investment companies. In addition to his broadly published papers and
reports in the areas of resource modeling and economic evaluation, Mr. Pan has published over 20 patents in electronic cigarette technologies
and vaporizing devices. Dr. Pan, graduated from Peking University in 1982, obtained a masters degree in 1985 and a PhD from The University
of Arizona in 1989. Mr. Pan is a citizen of the United States. 

Daniel Hoff. Mr. Hoff
has served as Chief Operating Officer COO since January 3, 2017. Mr. Hoff previously served as a consultant to the Company
since August 2016, serving as head of wholesale operations and Director of Alternative Products. He will retain these positions as COO.
From 2007 until 2011, Mr. Hoff served as Finance Accounting Manager at Vapor Corp., a company that designs, markets and distributes
e-cigarettes, vaporizers, e-liquids and accessories. In this position, Mr. Hoff supervised corporate finance and accounting functions.
From 2011 until 2014, Mr. Hoff served as Production New Products Manager at Vapor Corp. and focused on supply chain management,
product development and design and key vendor relations. From 2014 until July 2016, he served as Key Accounts Executive Head of
Alternative Products, building Vapor Corp. s alternative products division and leading wholesale operations and key account management.
We acquired Vapor Corp. s wholesale operations and inventory in July 2016, at which time Mr. Hoff joined the Company as a consultant
until his appointment as COO. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

52 

Partnership Management and Governance 

Our General Partner manages
all of our operations and activities. Our General Partner is authorized in general to perform all acts that it determines to be necessary
or appropriate to carry out our purposes and to conduct our business. Our partnership agreement provides that our General Partner in managing
our operations and activities is entitled to consider only such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and
will have no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited
partners, and will not be subject to any different standards imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act
or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. Our General Partner is wholly owned and controlled by Kevin Frija. Our common
unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore have limited ability to influence management s
decisions regarding our business. The voting rights of our common unitholders are limited as set forth in our partnership agreement and
in the Delaware Limited Partnership Act. 

Our General Partner does not
receive any compensation from us for services rendered to us as our General Partner. Our General Partner is reimbursed by us for all expenses
it incurs in carrying out its activities as General Partner of the Company, including compensation paid by the General Partner to its
directors and the cost of directors and officers liability insurance obtained by the General Partner. 

Our General Partner s
limited liability company agreement establishes a board of directors that is responsible for the oversight of our business and operations.
Our General Partner s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement, which provides that
the founders will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of our General Partner. The limited liability company agreement of
our General Partner provides that at such time as the founders cease to be founders, such power will revert to the members of our General
Partner holding a majority in interest in our General Partner. We refer to the board of directors of our General Partner as the board
of directors of our general partner. The board of directors of our General Partner has a total of two members; Mr. Kevin Frija
and Mr. Greg Pan, respectively. 

Committees 

We do not currently maintain
an audit committee, compensation committee, corporate governance and nominating committee, conflicts committee or an executive committee. 

Board Composition 

Our General Partner seeks
to ensure that the board of directors of our General Partner will be composed of members whose particular experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills, when taken together, will allow the board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively. In identifying
candidates for membership on the board of directors the board will take into account (a) minimum individual qualifications, such as strength
of character, mature judgment, industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the board
of directors, and (b) all other factors he considers appropriate. 

After conducting an initial
evaluation of a candidate, the board will interview that candidate if he believes the candidate might be suitable to be a director. If,
following such interview and any consultations with senior management, Mr. Frija believes a candidate would be a valuable addition to
the board of directors, they would appoint that individual to the board of directors of our General Partner. 

53 

Director Compensation 

We do not currently have any
non-employee directors and no additional compensation is currently paid to Mr. Frija or Mr. Pan in connection with their directorships
over and above their employee-based compensation. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a
code of ethics that applies to all of the Company s employees, including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer
and principal accounting officer, and the Board. The Company will provide, free of charge, a copy of the Company s code of ethics
to any person, upon request. A copy of the code of ethics can be requested by writing to the Company at 3001 Griffin Road, Ft. Lauderdale,
FL 33312. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Our compensation philosophy
for our future manager and certain other employees is that compensation should be composed primarily of (1) annual cash payments tied
to the performance of the applicable business unit(s) in which such employee works; (2) long-term carried interest tied to the performance
of the investments made by the funds in the business unit in which such employee works or for which he or she has responsibility; (3)
deferred equity awards reflecting the value of our common units; and (4) additional cash payments tied to extraordinary performance of
such employee or other circumstances (for example, if there has been a change of role or responsibility). 

We believe base salary should
represent a significantly lesser component of total compensation. We believe the appropriate combination of annual cash payments and long-term
carried interest or deferred equity awards encourage employees to focus on the underlying performance of our investment funds and objectives
of our advisory clients, as well as the overall performance of the firm and interests of our common unit holders. 

2022 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Unit 
 Option 
 Nonequity Incentive plan 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation 
 All Other 

Name Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 compensation 
 earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Kevin Frija, 
 2022 
 150,000 

150,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 2021 
 144,231 

144,231 

Dan Hoff 
 2022 
 157,771 

157,771 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 161,293 

161,293 

There are no stock option,
retirement, pension, or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our officers and directors. We do not currently have an employment or
compensation agreements with any of our executive officers. 

54 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table provides
the names and addresses of each of our executive officers, each of our directors, all of our directors and executive officers as a group
and each person known to own directly or beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding common units (as determined in accordance with Rule
13d-3 under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. On December 31, 2022, there were 88,804,035 common units outstanding. Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to the community property laws where applicable, to the Company s knowledge the persons
named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with respect to all common units shown as beneficially owned by them. Unless
otherwise noted below, the address for each beneficial owner listed on the table is in care of VPR Brands, LP, 3001 Griffin Road, Fort
Lauderdale, FL 33312. 

Name and address of beneficial owner 
 Common 
 Units 
 Beneficially 
Owned 
 Percentage of 
Beneficial Ownership(1) 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Kevin Frija 
 18,871,088 
 21.3 
 
 Dan Hoff 
 2,850,722 
 3.2 
 
 Guocheng Pan 
 10,381,360 (2) 
 11.4 

All Current Executive Officers and Directors As a Group (3 persons) 
 32,103,170 (3) 
 35.4 

(1) 
 In determining the percent of voting units owned by a person (a) the numerator is the number of common units beneficially owned by the person, including units the beneficial ownership of which may be acquired within 60 days upon the exercise of rights to acquire (such as options or warrants) or conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the total of (i) the 88,804,035 common units outstanding, plus (ii) any common units which the person has the right to acquire within 60 days upon the exercise of rights to acquire (such as options or warrants) or conversion of convertible securities. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes 2,000,000 common units underlying a warrant issued by the Company to Greg Pan pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated December 27, 2013 between the Company and Greg Pan which Greg Pan may exercise at any time within ten years from the date of the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 2,000,000 common units which the executive officers and directors have the right to acquire pursuant to a vested warrant. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

Our Policy Concerning Transactions with
Related Persons 

Under Item 404 of SEC Regulation
S-K, a related person transaction is any actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of similar transactions,
arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business, to which we or our subsidiaries
were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the
lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any of our
directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities (a significant
unitholder ), or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest. 

We recognize that transactions
between us and any of our Directors or Executives or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors or significant unitholders
has an interest can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our decisions are based on considerations
other than the best interests of our Company and unitholders. 

The Board of Directors of
the Manager is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between the Company and any related
person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety and ethical implications of any such transactions, as reported
or disclosed to the Committee by the independent auditors, employees, officers, members of the Board of Directors or otherwise, and to
determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less favorable to us than could be obtained from an unaffiliated party. 

55 

Transactions 

The following includes a summary
of transactions since January 1, 2021, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the amount
involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal
years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

On December 17, 2020,
the Company received 95,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 issued on January 14, 2021, to Kevin Frija January 14, 2021 Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January
14, 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due on January 14, 2022. The January 14, 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 14,
2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2021 was 8,243, which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On February 25, 2021, the
Company issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the February 25, 2021 Note to Kevin Frija, who is
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the
Board, and a significant stockholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 14, 2021 Note bears interest at the rate
of 24 per annum, and the February 25, 2021 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in
the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any
accrued interest is due on February 25, 2022. The January 14, 2021 Note is unsecured. The balance of the February 25, 2021 Note as of
December 31, 2021 was 15,324, which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On February 25, 2021, the
Company received 75,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 issued in April 2021, to Kevin Frija April
2021 Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. An additional amount of 5,000 was received in January 2021. The
principal amount due under the April 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one
ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest
is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in April 2022. The April 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance
of the April 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 43,550 and 89,920, respectively.. 

From May and June 2021, the
Company received 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 issued in June 2021, to Kevin Frija June
2021 Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the June 2021 Frija Note bears
interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount
of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest
is due in June 2022. The June 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the June 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 68,750 and 100,001, respectively. 

From June through September
2021, the Company received a 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,000 issued in September 2021, to Kevin
Frija September 2021 Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
September 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due in September 2022. The June 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the September 2021 Frija
Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 87,099 and 100,001, respectively. 

56 

In September and November
2021, the Company received a 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the November 2021 Frija
Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the November 2021 Frija
Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account
in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and
any accrued interest is due on November 2, 2021. The November 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the November 2021 Frija Note
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001. 

In November 2021, the Company
received a 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the November 2021 2 nd Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and
Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the November 2021 Frija Note bears
interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount
of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest
is due on November 2, 2021. The November 2021 2nd Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the November 2021 2 nd Frija Note
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001. 

On December 8, 2021, the Company
issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the December 2021 Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant
stockholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the December 2021 Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and the
December 2021 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500 per business
day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on December
8, 2022. The December 2021 Note is unsecured. The balance of the December 2021 Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001. 

In December 2021, the Company
received 60,000 and in January 2022 received 40,001 of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the
 January 2022 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
January 2022 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due on January 2023. The January 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022 Frija
Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 100,001 and 60,000, respectively. 

In January 2022, the Company
received 101,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the January 2022B Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 2022B Frija Note bears interest
at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due on January 2023. The January 2022B Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022B Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was
 100,001. 

In January 2022, the Company
received 101,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the January 2022C Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 2022C Frija Note bears interest
at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due in January 2023. The January 2022C Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022C Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was
 100,001. 

57 

In March 2022, the Company
received 101,000 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the March 2022 Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the March 2022 Frija Note bears interest at
the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due in March 2023. The March 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the March 2022 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was 100,001. 

In April 2022, the Company
received 100,001 pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the April 2022 Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the April 2022 Frija Note bears interest at
the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due on April 7, 2023. The April 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the April 2022 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was 100,001. 

In April 2022, the Company
received 52,000 and in September 2022 received 48,001 of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001
(the June 2022 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
May 2022 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due in May 2023. The May 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the May 2022 Frija Note as of
December 31, 2022 was 100,001. 

In September 2022, the Company
received 1,000 and in October 2022 received 14,000 of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of 100,001 (the
 September 2022 Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the
September 2022 Note bears interest at the rate of 24 per annum, and the September 2022 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment
from the Company s bank account in the amount of 500 per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid.
Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on September 20, 2023. The September 2022 Note is unsecured. The balance of
the September 2022 Note as of December 31, 2022 was 15,000. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Under our partnership agreement,
in most circumstances we will indemnify the following persons, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements
or other amounts: our general partner; any departing general partner; any person who is or was an affiliate of a general partner or any
departing general partner; any person who is or was a member, partner, tax matters partner, officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary
or trustee of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of ours or our subsidiaries,
the general partner or any departing general partner; any person who is or was serving at the request of a general partner or any departing
general partner or any affiliate of a general partner or any departing general partner as an officer, director, employee, member, partner,
agent, fiduciary or trustee of another person; or any person designated by our general partner. We have agreed to provide this indemnification
to the extent such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the partnership, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against such person, to deny indemnification
if such person had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification
for criminal proceedings. Any indemnification under these provisions will only be out of our assets. Unless it otherwise agrees, the general
partner will not be personally liable for, or have any obligation to contribute or loan funds or assets to us to enable it to effectuate
indemnification. We may purchase insurance against liabilities asserted against and expenses incurred by persons for our activities, regardless
of whether we would have the power to indemnify the person against liabilities under our partnership agreement. 

58 

Director Independence 

The Company s common
units are currently quoted on the OTC Pink market tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. The OTC Pink does not have any director independence
requirements. Mr. Frija is presently one of the two executive officers of the Company, as well as a director of the Company. Mr. Pan is
a manager of our General Partner, which manages the Company, as well as a director of the Company. As such, we do not have an independent
board of directors. 

Other than as described herein,
since the beginning of our last fiscal year, we have not entered into any transactions, nor are there any currently proposed transactions,
between us and a related party where the amount involved exceeds, or would exceed, the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the
Company s total assets at year-end for the last two fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. 

MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE VPR BRANDS, LP PARTNERSHIP
AGREEMENT 

The following is a summary
of the material provisions of the Agreement of Limited Partnership, as amended, of the Company, which is referred to herein as our partnership
agreement. 

General Partner 

Our general partner Soleil
Capital Management L.L.C. General Partner ), will manage all of our operations and activities. Our general partner is authorized
in general to perform all acts that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out our purposes and to conduct our business.
Our partnership agreement provides that our general partner in managing our operations and activities will be entitled to consider only
such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and will have no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to
give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited partners, and will not be subject to any different standards
imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. The
General Partner is wholly owned by our senior managing directors and controlled by our founders. Our common unitholders have only limited
voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore have limited ability to influence management s decisions regarding
our business. The voting rights of our common unitholders are limited as set forth in our partnership agreement and in the Delaware Limited
Partnership Act. For example, our general partner may generally make amendments to our partnership agreement or certificate of limited
partnership without the approval of any common unitholder as set forth under Amendment of the Partnership Agreement 
No Limited Partner Approval. 

Organization 

We were formed on June 19,
2009 and have a perpetual existence. 

Purpose 

Under our partnership agreement,
we are permitted to engage, directly or indirectly, in any business activity that is approved by our general partner and that lawfully
may be conducted by a limited partnership organized under Delaware law. 

59 

Power of Attorney 

Each limited partner, and
each person who acquires a limited partner interest in accordance with our partnership agreement, grants to our general partner and, if
appointed, a liquidator, a power of attorney to, among other things, execute and file documents required for our qualification, continuance,
dissolution or termination. The power of attorney also grants our general partner the authority to amend, and to make consents and waivers
under, our partnership agreement and certificate of limited partnership, in each case in accordance with our partnership agreement. 

Capital Contributions 

Our common unitholders are
not obligated to make additional capital contributions, except as described below under Limited Liability. 

Limited Liability 

Assuming that a limited partner
does not participate in the control of our business within the meaning of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act and that he otherwise acts
in conformity with the provisions of our partnership agreement, his liability under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act will be limited,
subject to possible exceptions, to the amount of capital he is obligated to contribute to us for his common units plus his share of any
undistributed profits and assets. If it were determined however that the right, or exercise of the right, by the limited partners as a
group: 

to remove or replace our general partner, 

to approve some amendments to our partnership agreement, or 

to take other action under our partnership agreement, 

constituted participation in the control of our business for the purposes of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, then our limited partners could be held personally liable for our obligations under the laws of Delaware to the same extent as our general partner. This liability would extend to persons who transact business with us who reasonably believe that the limited partner is a general partner. 

Neither our partnership agreement
nor the Delaware Limited Partnership Act specifically provides for legal recourse against our general partner if a limited partner were
to lose limited liability through any fault of our general partner. While this does not mean that a limited partner could not seek legal
recourse, we know of no precedent for this type of a claim in Delaware case law. 

Under the Delaware Limited
Partnership Act, a limited partnership may not make a distribution to a partner if after the distribution all liabilities of the limited
partnership, other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors
is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed the fair value of the assets of the limited partnership. For the purpose
of determining the fair value of the assets of a limited partnership, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act provides that the fair value
of property subject to liability for which recourse of creditors is limited will be included in the assets of the limited partnership
only to the extent that the fair value of that property exceeds the non-recourse liability. The Delaware Limited Partnership Act provides
that a limited partner who receives a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution was in violation of
the Delaware Limited Partnership Act will be liable to the limited partnership for the amount of the distribution for three years. Under
the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, a substituted limited partner of a limited partnership is liable for the obligations of his assignor
to make contributions to the partnership, except that such person is not obligated for liabilities unknown to him at the time he became
a limited partner and that could not be ascertained from the partnership agreement. 

Moreover, if it were determined
that we were conducting business in any state without compliance with the applicable limited partnership statute, or that the right or
exercise of the right by the limited partners as a group to remove or replace our general partner, to approve some amendments to our partnership
agreement or to take other action under our partnership agreement constituted participation in the control of our business
for purposes of the statutes of any relevant jurisdiction, then the limited partners could be held personally liable for our obligations
under the law of that jurisdiction to the same extent as our general partner under the circumstances. We intend to operate in a manner
that our general partner considers reasonable and necessary or appropriate to preserve the limited liability of the limited partners. 

60 

Issuance of Additional Securities 

Our partnership agreement
authorizes us to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights
relating to partnership securities for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our general partner in its sole
discretion without the approval of any limited partners. 

In accordance with the Delaware
Limited Partnership Act and the provisions of our partnership agreement, we may also issue additional partnership interests that have
designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the common units. 

Distributions 

Distributions will be made
to the partners pro rata according to the percentages of their respective partnership interests. 

Amendment of the Partnership Agreement 

General 

Amendments to our partnership
agreement may be proposed only by or with the consent of our general partner. To adopt a proposed amendment, other than the amendments
that require limited partner approval discussed below, our general partner must seek approval of a majority of our outstanding units required
to approve the amendment or call a meeting of the limited partners to consider and vote upon the proposed amendment. 

Prohibited Amendments 

No amendment may be made that
would: 

1. 
 enlarge the obligations of any limited partner without its consent, except that any amendment that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of any class of partnership interests in relation to other classes of partnership interests may be approved by at least a majority of the type or class of partnership interests so affected, or 

2. 
 enlarge the obligations of, restrict in any way any action by or rights of, or reduce in any way the amounts distributable, reimbursable or otherwise payable by us to our general partner or any of its affiliates without the consent of our general partner, which may be given or withheld in its sole discretion. 

The provision of our partnership
agreement preventing the amendments having the effects described in clauses (1) or (2) above can be amended upon the approval of the holders
of at least 90 of the outstanding voting units. 

No Limited Partner Approval 

Our general partner may generally
make amendments to our partnership agreement or certificate of limited partnership without the approval of any limited partner to reflect: 

1. 
 a change in the name of the partnership, the location of the partnership s principal place of business, the partnership s registered agent or its registered office, 

2. 
 the admission, substitution, withdrawal or removal of partners in accordance with the partnership agreement, 

3. 
 a change that our general partner determines is necessary or appropriate for the partnership to qualify or to continue our qualification as a limited partnership or a partnership in which the limited partners have limited liability under the laws of any state or other jurisdiction or to ensure that the partnership will not be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise taxed as an entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 

61 

4. 
 an amendment that our general partner determines to be necessary or appropriate to address certain changes in U.S. federal income tax regulations, legislation or interpretation, 

5. 
 an amendment that is necessary, in the opinion of our counsel, to prevent the partnership or our general partner or its directors, officers, agents or trustees, from having a material risk of being in any manner being subjected to the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act or plan asset regulations adopted under the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, whether or not substantially similar to plan asset regulations currently applied or proposed by the U.S. Department of Labor, 

6. 
 an amendment that our general partner determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate for the creation, authorization or issuance of any class or series of partnership securities or options, rights, warrants or appreciation rights relating to partnership securities, 

7. 
 any amendment expressly permitted in our partnership agreement to be made by our general partner acting alone, 

8. 
 an amendment effected, necessitated or contemplated by an agreement of merger, consolidation or other business combination agreement that has been approved under the terms of our partnership agreement, 

9. 
 any amendment that in the sole discretion of our general partner is necessary or appropriate to reflect and account for the formation by the partnership of, or its investment in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, as otherwise permitted by our partnership agreement, 

10. 
 a change in our fiscal year or taxable year and related changes, 

11. 
 a merger with or conversion or conveyance to another limited liability entity that is newly formed and has no assets, liabilities or operations at the time of the merger, conversion or conveyance other than those it receives by way of the merger, conversion or conveyance, 

12. 
 any other amendments substantially similar to any of the matters described in (1) through (11) above. 

In addition, our general
partner may make amendments to our partnership agreement without the approval of any limited partner if those amendments, in the discretion
of our general partner: 

1. 
 do not adversely affect our limited partners considered as a whole (including any particular class of partnership interests as compared to other classes of partnership interests) in any material respect, 

2. 
 are necessary or appropriate to satisfy any requirements, conditions or guidelines contained in any opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of any federal or state or non-U.S. agency or judicial authority or contained in any federal or state or non-U.S. statute (including the Delaware Limited Partnership Act), 

3. 
 are necessary or appropriate to facilitate the trading of limited partner interests or to comply with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any securities exchange on which the limited partner interests are or will be listed for trading, 

4. 
 are necessary or appropriate for any action taken by our general partner relating to splits or combinations of units under the provisions of our partnership agreement, or 

5. 
 are required to effect the intent of the provisions of our partnership agreement or are otherwise contemplated by our partnership agreement. 

62 

Opinion of Counsel and Limited Partner Approval

Our general partner will not
be required to obtain an opinion of counsel that an amendment will not result in a loss of limited liability to the limited partners if
one of the amendments described above under No Limited Partner Approval should occur. No other amendments to our
partnership agreement (other than an amendment pursuant to a merger, sale or other disposition of assets effected in accordance with the
provisions described under Merger, Sale or Other Disposition of Assets will become effective without the approval
of holders of at least 90 of the outstanding common units, unless we obtain an opinion of counsel to the effect that the amendment will
not affect the limited liability under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act of any of our limited partners. 

In addition to the above restrictions,
any amendment that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of any type or class of partnership interests in
relation to other classes of partnership interests will also require the approval of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
partnership interests of the class so affected. 

In addition, any amendment
that reduces the voting percentage required to take any action must be approved by the affirmative vote of limited partners whose aggregate
outstanding voting units constitute not less than the voting requirement sought to be reduced. 

Merger, Sale or Other Disposition of Assets 

Our partnership agreement
generally prohibits our general partner, without the prior approval of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
voting units, from causing us to, among other things, sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets in
a single transaction or a series of related transactions, including by way of merger, consolidation or other combination, or approving
on our behalf the sale, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of our subsidiaries. However, our general
partner in its sole discretion may mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in all or substantially all of our assets
(including for the benefit of persons other than us or our subsidiaries) without that approval. Our general partner may also sell all
or substantially all of our assets under any forced sale of any or all of our assets pursuant to the foreclosure or other realization
upon those encumbrances without that approval. 

If conditions specified in
our partnership agreement are satisfied, our general partner may convert or merge us or any of our subsidiaries into, or convey some or
all of our assets to, a newly formed entity if the sole purpose of that merger or conveyance is to effect a mere change in our legal form
into another limited liability entity. The common unitholders are not entitled to dissenters rights of appraisal under our partnership
agreement or the Delaware Limited Partnership Act in the event of a merger or consolidation, a sale of substantially all of our assets
or any other transaction or event. 

Election to be Treated as a Corporation 

If our general partner determines
that it is no longer in our best interests to continue as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our general partner may
elect to treat us as an association or as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal (and applicable state)
income tax purposes. 

Dissolution 

We will dissolve upon: 

1. 
 the election of our general partner to dissolve us, if approved by the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units, 

2. 
 there being no limited partners, unless we are continued without dissolution in accordance with the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, 

3. 
 the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of us pursuant to the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, or 

4. 
 the withdrawal or removal of our general partner or any other event that results in its ceasing to be our general partner other than by reason of a transfer of general partner interests or withdrawal or removal of our general partner following approval and admission of a successor, in each case in accordance with our partnership agreement. 

63 

Upon a dissolution under clause
(4), the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units may also elect, within specific time limitations, to
continue our business without dissolution on the same terms and conditions described in the partnership agreement by appointing as a successor
general partner an individual or entity approved by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding voting units, subject
to our receipt of an opinion of counsel to the effect that: 

1. 
 the action would not result in the loss of limited liability of any limited partner, and 

2. 
 neither we nor any successor limited partnership would be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise be taxable as an entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exercise of that right to continue. 

Liquidation and Distribution of Proceeds 

Upon our dissolution, unless
we are continued as a new limited partnership, the liquidator authorized to wind up our affairs will, acting with all of the powers of
our general partner that the liquidator deems necessary or appropriate in its judgment, liquidate our assets and apply the proceeds of
the liquidation first, to discharge our liabilities as provided in the partnership agreement and by law and thereafter to the partners
pro rata according to the percentages of their respective partnership interests as of a record date selected by the liquidator. The liquidator
may defer liquidation of our assets for a reasonable period of time or distribute assets to partners in kind if it determines that an
immediate sale or distribution of all or some of our assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the partners. 

Withdrawal or Removal of the General Partner 

On or after June 30, 2017,
our general partner may withdraw as general partner without first obtaining approval of any common unitholder by giving 90 days 
advance notice, and that withdrawal will not constitute a violation of the partnership agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our general
partner may withdraw at any time without common unitholder approval upon 90 days advance notice to the limited partners if at least
50 of the outstanding common units are beneficially owned or owned of record or controlled by one person and its affiliates other than
our general partner and its affiliates. 

Upon the withdrawal of our
general partner under any circumstances, the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units may select a successor
to that withdrawing general partner. If a successor is not elected, or is elected but an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability
and tax matters cannot be obtained, we will be dissolved, wound up and liquidated, unless within 180 days after that withdrawal, the holders
of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units agree in writing to continue our business and to appoint a successor
general partner. See Dissolution above. 

Our general partner
may not be removed unless that removal is approved by the vote of the holders of at least 662/3 of the outstanding voting units and we
receive an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability and tax matters. Any removal of our general partner is also subject to the approval
of a successor general partner by the vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units. See Meetings;
Voting below. 

64 

In the event of removal of
a general partner under circumstances where cause exists or withdrawal of a general partner where that withdrawal violates our partnership
agreement, a successor general partner will have the option to purchase the general partner interest of the departing general partner
for a cash payment equal to its fair market value. Under all other circumstances where a general partner withdraws or is removed by the
limited partners, the departing general partner will have the option to require the successor general partner to purchase the general
partner interest of the departing general partner for a cash payment equal to its fair market value. In each case, this fair market value
will be determined by agreement between the departing general partner and the successor general partner. If no agreement is reached within
30 days of the general partner s departure, an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert selected by the departing
general partner and the successor general partner will determine the fair market value. If the departing general partner and the successor
general partner cannot agree upon an expert within 45 days of the general partner s departure, then an expert chosen by agreement
of the experts selected by each of them will determine the fair market value. 

If the option described above
is not exercised by either the departing general partner or the successor general partner, the departing general partner s general
partner interest will automatically convert into common units pursuant to a valuation of those interests as determined by an investment
banking firm or other independent expert selected in the manner described in the preceding paragraph. 

In addition, we are required
to reimburse the departing general partner for all amounts due the departing general partner, including without limitation all employee-related
liabilities, including severance liabilities, incurred for the termination of any employees employed by the departing general partner
or its affiliates for our benefit. 

Transfer of General Partner Interests 

On or after June 30, 2017,
our general partner may transfer all or any part of its general partner interest without first obtaining approval of any common unitholder.
As a condition of this transfer, the transferee must assume the rights and duties of the general partner to whose interest that transferee
has succeeded, agree to be bound by the provisions of our partnership agreement and furnish an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability
matters. At any time, the members of our general partner may sell or transfer all or part of their limited liability company interests
in our general partner without the approval of the common unitholders. 

Limited Call Right 

If at any time less than 10 
of the then issued and outstanding limited partner interests of any class (other than special voting units), including our public common
units, are held by persons other than our general partner and its affiliates, our general partner will have the right, which it may assign
in whole or in part to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the remaining limited partner interests
of the class held by unaffiliated persons as of a record date to be selected by our general partner, on at least ten but not more than
60 days notice. The purchase price in the event of this purchase is the greater of: 

1. 
 the current market price as of the date three days before the date the notice is mailed, and 

2. 
 the highest cash price paid by our general partner or any of its affiliates for any limited partner interests of the class purchased within the 90 days preceding the date on which our general partner first mails notice of its election to purchase those limited partner interests. 

As a result of our general
partner s right to purchase outstanding limited partner interests, a holder of limited partner interests may have his limited partner
interests purchased at an undesirable time or price. The tax consequences to a common unitholder of the exercise of this call right are
the same as a sale by that common unitholder of his common units in the market. 

Sinking Fund; Preemptive Rights 

We have not established a
sinking fund and we have not granted any preemptive rights with respect to our limited partner interests. 

65 

Meetings; Voting 

Except as described below
regarding a person or group owning 20 or more of the Company s common units then outstanding, record holders of common units on
the record date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, meetings of our limited partners and to act upon matters as to which holders
of limited partner interests have the right to vote or to act. 

Except as described below
regarding a person or group owning 20 or more of the Company s common units then outstanding, each record holder of a common unit
of the Company is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of common units held. 

Our general partner does not
anticipate that any meeting of common unitholders will be called in the foreseeable future. Any action that is required or permitted to
be taken by the limited partners may be taken either at a meeting of the limited partners or without a meeting, without a vote and without
prior notice if consents in writing describing the action so taken are signed by limited partners owning not less than the minimum percentage
of the voting power of the outstanding limited partner interests that would be necessary to authorize or take that action at a meeting.
Meetings of the limited partners may be called by our general partner or by limited partners owning at least 50 or more of the voting
power of the outstanding limited partner interests of the class for which a meeting is proposed. Common unitholders may vote either in
person or by proxy at meetings. The holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding limited partner interests of the class
for which a meeting has been called, represented in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum unless any action by the limited partners
requires approval by holders of a greater percentage of such limited partner interests, in which case the quorum will be the greater percentage. 

However, if at any time any
person or group (other than our general partner and its affiliates, or a direct or subsequently approved transferee of our general partner
or its affiliates) acquires, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership of 20 or more of any class of the Company s common units then
outstanding, that person or group will lose voting rights on all of its common units and the common units may not be voted on any matter
and will not be considered to be outstanding when sending notices of a meeting of common unitholders, calculating required votes, determining
the presence of a quorum or for other similar purposes. Common units held in nominee or street name account will be voted by the broker
or other nominee in accordance with the instruction of the beneficial owner unless the arrangement between the beneficial owner and his
nominee provides otherwise. 

Status as Limited Partner 

By transfer of common units
in accordance with our partnership agreement, each transferee of common units will be admitted as a limited partner with respect to the
common units transferred when such transfer and admission is reflected in our books and records. Except pursuant to section 17-607 as
described under Limited Liability above, pursuant to Section 17-804 of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act (which
relates to the liability of a limited partner who receives a distribution of assets upon the winding up of a limited partnership and who
knew at the time of such distribution that it was in violation of this provision) or as set forth in the partnership agreement, the common
units will be fully paid and non-assessable. 

Non-Citizen Assignees; Redemption 

If we are or become subject
to federal, state or local laws or regulations that in the determination of our general partner create a substantial risk of cancellation
or forfeiture of any property in which the partnership has an interest because of the nationality, citizenship or other related status
of any limited partner, we may redeem the common units held by that limited partner at their current market price. To avoid any cancellation
or forfeiture, our general partner may require each limited partner to furnish information about his nationality, citizenship or related
status. If a limited partner fails to furnish information about his nationality, citizenship or other related status within 30 days after
a request for the information or our general partner determines, with the advice of counsel, after receipt of the information that the
limited partner is not an eligible citizen, the limited partner may be treated as a non-citizen assignee. A non-citizen assignee does
not have the right to direct the voting of his common units and may not receive distributions in kind upon our liquidation. 

66 

Indemnification 

Under our partnership agreement,
in most circumstances we will indemnify the following persons, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements
or other amounts: 

our general partner; 

any departing general partner; 

any person who is or was an affiliate of a general partner or any departing general partner; 

any person who is or was a member, partner, tax matters partner, officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner; 

any person who is or was serving at the request of a general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of a general partner or any departing general partner as an officer, director, employee, member, partner, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another person; or 

any person designated by our general partner. 

We have agreed to provide
this indemnification unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that these
persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal
proceedings. Any indemnification under these provisions will only be out of our assets. Unless it otherwise agrees, the general partner
will not be personally liable for, or have any obligation to contribute or loan funds or assets to us to enable it to effectuate, indemnification.
We may purchase insurance against liabilities asserted against and expenses incurred by persons for our activities, regardless of whether
we would have the power to indemnify the person against liabilities under our partnership agreement. 

Books and Reports 

Our general partner is required
to keep appropriate books of the partnership s business at our principal offices or any other place designated by our general partner.
The books will be maintained for both tax and financial reporting purposes on an accrual basis. For tax and financial reporting purposes,
our year ends on December 31 each year. 

We will make available to
record holders of common units, within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, an annual report containing audited financial statements
and a report on those financial statements by our independent public accountants. Except for our fourth quarter, we will also make available
summary financial information within 90 days after the close of each quarter. Under our partnership agreement, we will be deemed to have
made such annual reports and quarterly financial information available to each record holder of common units if we have either (i) filed
the report or information with the SEC via its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system and such report or information
is publicly available on such system or (ii) made such report or information available on any publicly available website maintained by
us. 

As soon as reasonably practicable
after the end of each fiscal year, we will furnish to each partner tax information (including Schedule K-1), which describes on a U.S.
dollar basis such partner s share of our income, gain, loss and deduction for our preceding taxable year. It will most likely require
longer than 90 days after the end of our fiscal year to obtain the requisite information from all lower-tier entities so that K-1s may
be prepared for the Company. Consequently, holders of common units who are U.S. taxpayers should anticipate the need to file annually
with the IRS (and certain states) a request for an extension past April 15 or the otherwise applicable due date of their income tax return
for the taxable year. In addition, each partner will be required to report for all tax purposes consistently with the information provided
by us. 

67 

Right to Inspect Our Books and Records 

Our partnership agreement
provides that a limited partner can, for a purpose reasonably related to his interest as a limited partner, upon reasonable written demand
and at his own expense, have furnished to him: 

promptly after becoming available, a copy of our U.S. federal, state and local income tax returns; and 

copies of our partnership agreement, the certificate of limited partnership of the partnership, related amendments and powers of attorney under which they have been executed. 

Our general partner may, and
intends to, keep confidential from the limited partners trade secrets or other information the disclosure of which our general partner
believes is not in our best interests or which we are required by law or by agreements with third parties to keep confidential. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Prager Metis CPAs, LLC Prager
Metis previously served as the Company s independent registered accounting firm. On February 28, 2022, Prager Metis advised
the Company s Board of Directors that it would not stand for reappointment as the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm. On March 2, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Paris, Kreit Chiu CPA LLP Paris, Kreit
 Chiu as the Company s new independent registered accounting firm. The following table summarizes the aggregate fees
for professional services provided by Paris, Kreit Chiu and Prager Metis for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Paris, Kreit Chiu 
 Prager Metis 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 83,898 
 - 
 15,788 
 44,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 83,898 
 - 
 15,788 
 44,000 

Audit Fees 
This category consists of fees for (a) the audits of our consolidated and combined financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
and services attendant to, or required by, statute or regulation; (b) reviews of the interim condensed consolidated and combined financial
statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; (c) comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC and other regulatory
filings. 

Audit-Related Fees 
 This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting
consulting and other audit services. 

Tax Fees 
This category consists of fees for services rendered for tax compliance and tax planning and advisory services. 

All Other Fees 
This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Our board of directors pre-approves
all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by our board of directors
before the respective services were rendered. 

Our board of directors has
considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and believe that the provision of
services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining their respective independence. 

68 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 Documents filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 All financial statements 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID F-1 VPR Brands, LP Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 VPR Brands, LP Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 VPR Brands, LP Statements of Changes in Partners Capital for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 VPR Brands, LP Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 

Financial Statements filed
as part of this annual report are filed in accordance with Reg. 210.3-11 of Regulation S-X 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the
schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

(b) 
 Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 State of Delaware Certificate of Limited Partnership of Soleil Capital L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009). 

3.2 
 
 State of Delaware Amendment to Certificate of Limited Partnership of Soleil Capital L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015). 

3.3 
 
 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Soleil Capital L.P. dated September 19, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009). 

3.4 
 
 First Amendment to Limited Partnership Agreement of Soleil Capital L.P., dated September 10, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2015). 

3.5 
 
 Second Amendment, dated January 23, 2020, to Limited Partnership Agreement of VPR Brands, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 27, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Material Provisions of the VPR Brands, LP Partnership Agreement. 

10.1 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated May 29, 2015, among Soleil Capital L.P., Soleil Capital Management LLC and Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2015). 

69 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.2 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 1, 2015, among Soleil Capital L.P., Soleil Capital Management LLC and Jon Pan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015). 

10.3 
 
 Termination of Share Purchase Agreement, dated August 18, 2015, among Soleil Capital L.P., Soleil Capital Management LLC and Greg Pan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015). 

10.4 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 1, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 6, 2019). 

10.5 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 15, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Brikor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2019). 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 15, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Mike Daiagi and Mathew Daiagi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 15, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Amber Investments LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2019). 

10.8 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 19, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to K S Pride Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2019). 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 20, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Surplus Depot Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Promissory Note dated June 14, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija and Dan Hoff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 17, 2019). 

10.11 
 
 Promissory Note dated July 5, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 15, 2019). 

10.12 
 
 Loan Agreement Executed on July 29, 2019 and dated July 15, 2019 between VPR Brands, LP and Lendistry, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 7, 2019). 

10.13 
 
 Promissory Note dated October 7, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 8, 2019). 

10.14 
 
 Promissory Note dated November 8, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019). 

70 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.15 
 
 Promissory Note dated November 15, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 18, 2019). 

10.16 
 
 Promissory Note dated December 9, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 11, 2019). 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note dated December 16, 2019 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 20, 2019). 

10.18 
 
 Promissory Note dated January 10, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 10, 2020). 

10.19 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 18, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 19, 2020). 

10.20 
 
 Promissory Note dated April 6, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 7, 2020). 

10.21 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement by and between VPR Brands, LP and DiamondRock, LLC dated February 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2020). 

10.22 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between VPR Brands, LP and DiamondRock, LLC dated February 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Promissory Note dated June 22, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 23, 2020). 

10.27 
 
 Promissory Note dated August 19, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 21, 2020). 

10.29 
 
 Promissory Note dated September 22, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 24, 2020). 

10.31 
 
 Promissory Note dated November 2, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 6, 2020). 

10.32 
 
 Promissory Note dated December 1, 2020 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 1, 2020). 

10.34 
 
 Promissory Note dated January 14, 2021 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 15, 2021). 

71 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 10.35 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 25, 2021 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021). 

10.36 
 
 Promissory Note dated July 12, 2021 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 13, 2021). 

10.37 
 
 Promissory Note dated September 17, 2021 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 22, 2021). 

10.38 
 
 Promissory Note dated October 8, 2021 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 13, 2021). 

10.39 
 
 Settlement Agreement, effective December 1, 2021, by and between the registrant and NEPA 2 Wholesale, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2021). 

10.40 
 
 Promissory Note dated December 8, 2021 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 10, 2021). 

10.41 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated December 30, 2021 by and between the registrant and PHD Marketing, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 4, 2022). 

10.42 
 
 Promissory Note dated January 18, 2022 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 19, 2022). 

10.43 
 
 Promissory Note dated January 19, 2022 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 19, 2022). 

10.44 
 
 Promissory Note dated January 25, 2022 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 31, 2022). 

10.45 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2022, by and between the registrant on the one hand, and XL Vape, LLC, VGOD LLC, and Saltnic LLC, on the other hand (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 23, 2022). 

10.46 
 
 Promissory Note dated March 25, 2022 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 15, 2022). 

10.47 
 
 Promissory Note dated April 7, 2022 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 15, 2022). 

10.48 
 
 Promissory Note dated May 18, 2022 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Daiagi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 24, 2022). 

10.49 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2022, by and between the registrant on the one hand, and Myle Vape, Inc and MVH I, INC., on the other hand (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 5, 2022). 

10.50 
 
 Promissory Note dated September 20, 2022 issued by VPR Brands, LP to Kevin Frija (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 23, 2022). 

10.51 
 
 Settlement Agreement dated as of September 30, 2022, by and between VPR Brands, LP and MONQ, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 3, 2022). 

10.52 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated as of October 28, 2022, by and between VPR Brands, LP and BRMS, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 4, 2022). 

72 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

73 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the stockholders and Board of Directors 

VPR Brands, LP 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of VPR Brands, LP. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
an accumulated deficit of 10,418,696 and a working capital deficit of 1,938,476 at December 31, 2022. These factors, among others, raise
substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3 to the accompanying financial statements. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Going concern- Refer to Note 3 to the financial
statements 

CAM Description: 

The Company has accumulated deficit of 10.4 million
and partners deficit of 1.9 million as of December 31, 2022. 

How the critical audit matter was addressed in
the audit. 

Our principal procedures to address this matter
were: 

Obtained cash flow analysis from the Company,
performed reasonableness test by comparing to historical financial statements, and cash infusion by shareholder. 

Obtained subsequent sales information and agreed
to shipping records. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2022. 

/s/ 

April 13, 2023 

F- 1 

VPR BRANDS LP 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Vendor deposits 

Deposits 

Total current assets 

Right to Use Asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable - related party 

Customer deposits 
 
 -

Right to use obligation, current portion 

Notes payable 

Note payable-related parties 

Convertible notes payable 

Total current liabilities and total liabilities 

Notes Payable, less current portion 

Right to Use Obligation, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Partners Deficit: 

Common units - 100,000,000 units authorized; 88,804,035 

units issued and outstanding

Common units to be issued; 578,723 units 

Accumulated deficit 

Total partners deficit 

Total liabilities and partners deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 2 

VPR BRANDS, LP 

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of Sales 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Net Operating (Loss) Income 

Other Income (Expense): 

Gain on Extinguishment /Forgiveness of Debt 

Settlement Income 

Settlement on loans 
 -

American Express Points Income 
 
 -

Expenses related to the settlement 

Legal Fees related to the settlement 

Interest expense 

Interest expense- related parties 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net (Loss) Income 

Net (Loss) Income Per Common Unit - Basic 
 -
 
 -

Net (Loss) Income Per Common Unit - Diluted 
 -
 
 -

Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted-Average Common Units Outstanding - Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

VPR BRANDS, LP 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN PARTNERS DEFICIT 

Common Units 
 Common Units to be Issued 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Partners 

Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of units to be issued 

-
 
 -

Net Income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

VPR BRANDS, LP 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Forgiveness of debt 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Interest on lease liability 

Gain on modification of lease 
 
 - 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to cash used in operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Vendor deposits 

Accounts receivable 

Customer deposits 

Prepaid 
 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from payroll protection program 
 -

Proceeds from notes payable 

Payments of notes payable 

Payments of convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable, related parties 

Payment on lease liability 

Payments of notes payable, related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Change in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of the Year 
 
 -

Cash - End of the Year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid in cash 

Income taxes paid in cash 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

VPR BRANDS, LP 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. 

of
obsolete inventory. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded a provision for obsolescence of . 

F- 6 

to operating lease right-to-use asset and the right to use lease liability. 

F- 7 

of the Company s revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
were recognized when the customer obtained control of the Company s product, which occurred at a point in time, typically upon delivery
to the customer. 

F- 8 

shares underlying convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share for the years ended
December 31, 2022 because their effect was antidilutive. The following summarizes the calculation of diluted income per share for
the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Convertible Debt 

Diluted 

Net Income Per Common Unit - Diluted 

F- 9 

and a working capital deficit of at December
31, 2022. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon, among other things, the continued financial support from
its common unit holders, the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations.
These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to generate sufficient revenues in the future. These financial statements do not give any effect
to any adjustments that would be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

(the A R Note ). The principal amount of the
A R Note represents (i) which Healthier Choices Management Corp. (HCMC) loaned to the Company on September 6, 2018, and (ii)
 , which represents the aggregate amount owed by the Company under the Original Notes as of September 6, 2018. The A R Note,
which has a maturity date of , had the effect of amending and restating the Note and bears interest at the rate of 
per annum. The balance of the note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. 

(the Lendistry Note to Lendistry, LLC. The principal amount due under the Lendistry
Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Lendistry, LLC to deduct weekly ACH payments from the Company s bank
account in the amount of plus up to of Credit Card Sales until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any
unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on July 25, 2025. The Lendistry Note is unsecured. The balance of the Lendistry
Note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(the Kabbage Note to Kabbage, Inc. The principal amount due under the Kabbage
Note bears interest at an annual rate of , and requires monthly payments of principal and interest of through maturity in September
2020. The Kabbage Note is unsecured. The balance of the note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

, requiring repayment
in amounts equal to of sales collections processed through Paypal, but no less than , every 90 days, until the total amount
of payments equals . The balance of the loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

for the sale
of future receivables totaling , to be remitted to BRMS, LLC in 52 weekly amounts totaling . The balance of the note as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

, to be remitted
to BRMS, LLC in 52 weekly amounts totaling . The balance of the note as of December 31, 2022 was . 

F- 10 

under the Payroll Protection Program PPP Loan ). The loan accrues interest at a rate of and has
an original maturity date of which can be extended to 2 by mutual agreement of the Company and SBA. The PPP loan
contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults and breaches of representations and warranties.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received notification that the PPP Loan principal of had been forgiven and
is reflected as forgiveness of debt on the accompanying statements of operations. 

under the PPP. The March 2021 PPP Loan accrues interest at a rate of and has an original maturity date of
 which can be extended to 2 by mutual agreement of the Company and SBA. The March 2021 PPP Loan contains customary
events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults and breaches of representations and warranties. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company received notification that the PPP Loan principal of had been forgiven and is reflected as forgiveness
of debt on the accompanying statements of operations. 

, payable in monthly instalments of
principal and interest totaling over years beginning in June 2021. The note accrues interest at an annual rate of . The loan
is secured by all tangible and intangible property. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received notification that 
of EDIL loan principal had been forgiven and is reflected as forgiveness of debt on the accompanying statement of operations. The balance
on this EIDL was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and have been classified as a long-term liability
in notes payable, less current portion on the accompanying balance sheets. 

(the Daiagi Note to Mike Daiagi. The principal amount due under the Daiagi Note
bears interest at the rate of per annum payable monthly. The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on
the third anniversary of the issue date. The Daiagi Note and the amounts payable thereunder are unsecured obligations of the Company and
shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the Daiagi Note. The balance of the Daiagi Note
was as of December 31, 2022. 

New issuances 

Repayments of principal 

PPP and EIDL loan forgiveness 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

July 2019 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The
principal amount due under the July 2019 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH
payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest
is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in July 2020. The July 2019 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance
of the note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

July 2019 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company.
The principal amount due under the July 2019 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one
ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest
is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in July 2020. The July 2019 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance
of the note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

July 2019 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company.
The principal amount due under the July 2019 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one
ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest
is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in July 2020. The July 2019 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance
of the note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

July 2019 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company.
The principal amount due under the July 2019 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one
ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest
is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in July 2020. The July 2019 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance
of the note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

July 2019 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company.
The principal amount due under the July 2019 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one
ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest
is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in July 2020. The July 2019 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance
of the note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

July 2019 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company.
The principal amount due under the July 2019 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one
ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest
is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in July 2020. The July 2019 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance
of the note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 12 

January 2020 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the January 2020 Frija Note permits
Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount
due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on January 10, 2021. The balance of the
January 2020 Frija Note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

February 2020 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the February 2020 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the February
2020 Frija Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day
until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on February
18, 2021. The February 2020 Frija Note is unsecured and had a balance as of December 31, 2020 of , which was repaid during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

(the April 2020 Note to Mr. Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the April 2020 Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the April 2020 Note
permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal
amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on April 6, 2021. The April 2020
Note is unsecured. The balance of the April 2020 Note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

(together, the June 2020 Note to Mr. Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the June 2020 Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the June 2020 Note
permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal
amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on June 22, 2021. During August
2020, there was an additional issuance to the June 2020 Note. The June 2020 Notes are unsecured and had an aggregate balance as
of December 31, 2020 of , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(the August 2020 Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the August 2020 Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the August 2020 Note
permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal
amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on August 19, 2021. The August
2020 Note is unsecured. The balance of the August 2020 Note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

(the September 22, 2020 Note to Mr. Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the September 22, 2020 Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the September
22, 2020 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day
until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on September
22, 2021. The September 22, 2020 Note is unsecured. The balance of the September 22, 2020 Note as of December 31, 2020 was , which
was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 13 

(the November 2020 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the November 2020 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr.
Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount
due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on . The November 2020
Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the November 2020 Frija Note as of December 31, 2020 was , which was repaid during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

(the December 1, 2020 Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the December 1, 2020 Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the December
1, 2020 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day
until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on December
1, 2021. The December 1, 2020 Note is unsecured. The balance of the December 1, 2020 Note as of December 31, 2020 was , which
was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of issued on January 14, 2021, to Kevin Frija January 14, 2021
Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 14, 2021 Frija Note
bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in
the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any
accrued interest is due on . The January 14, 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 14, 2021 Frija Note
as of December 31, 2021 was , which was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(the February 25, 2021 Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 14, 2021 Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the February
25, 2021 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day
until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on . The January 14, 2021 Note is unsecured. The balance of the February 25, 2021 Note as of December 31, 2021 was , which
was repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of issued in May 2021, to Kevin Frija April 2021 Frija Note ),
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the
Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. An additional amount of was received in January 2021. The principal amount
due under the April 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from
the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid.
Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in . The April 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the
April 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of issued in June 2021, to Kevin Frija June 2021 Frija Note ),
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the
Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the June 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the rate
of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business
day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in June
2022. The June 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the June 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 , respectively. 

F- 14 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of issued in September 2021, to Kevin Frija September
2021 Frija Note ), the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the September 2021 Frija Note bears
interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount
of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest
is due in . The June 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the September 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively. 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the November 2021 Frija Note to Kevin Frija,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the
Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the November 2021 Frija Note bears interest at the
rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per
business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due
on . The November 2021 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the November 2021 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 was . 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the November 2021 2 nd Frija Note to Kevin
Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman
of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the November 2021 Frija Note bears interest
at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of 
per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is
due on November 2, 2021. The November 2021 2nd Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the November 2021 2 nd Frija Note as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

(the December 2021 Note to Kevin Frija, who is the Company s Chief Executive
Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder
of the Company. The principal amount due under the December 2021 Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the December 2021
Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the
principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on December 8, 2022.
The December 2021 Note is unsecured. The balance of the December 2021 Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . 

and in January 2022 received of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the January
2022 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January
2022 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due on . The January 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022 Frija
Note as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the January 2022B Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant
unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 2022B Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and
permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal
amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on . The January 2022B
Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022B Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was . 

F- 15 

pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the January 2022C Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant
unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the January 2022C Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and
permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal
amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in . The January 2022C
Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the January 2022C Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was . 

pursuant
to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the March 2022 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant
unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the March 2022 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits
Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount
due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due in . The March 2022 Frija Note
is unsecured. The balance of the March 2022 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was . 

pursuant
to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the April 2022 Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant
unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the April 2022 Frija Note bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits
Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount
due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any accrued interest is due on . The April 2022 Frija
Note is unsecured. The balance of the April 2022 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022 was . 

and
in September 2022 received of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the June 2022
Frija Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant unitholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the May 2022 Frija Note
bears interest at the rate of per annum, and permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s bank account in
the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal amount and any
accrued interest is due in . The May 2022 Frija Note is unsecured. The balance of the May 2022 Frija Note as of December 31, 2022
was . 

and in October 2022 received of advances pursuant to a promissory note in the principal amount of (the September
2022 Note to Kevin Frija, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer and Chairman of the Board, and a significant stockholder of the Company. The principal amount due under the September 2022 Note
bears interest at the rate of per annum, and the September 2022 Note permits Mr. Frija to deduct one ACH payment from the Company s
bank account in the amount of per business day until the principal amount due and accrued interest is repaid. Any unpaid principal
amount and any accrued interest is due on . The September 2022 Note is unsecured. The balance of the September 2022
Note as of December 31, 2022 was . 

New borrowings 

Repayments of principal 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

New borrowings 

Repayments of principal 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

F- 16 

to Brikor LLC. The principal amount due under the Brikor Note bears interest
at the rate of per annum. The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the
terms of the Brikor Note) is due and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Brikor Note and the amounts payable thereunder
are unsecured obligations of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the
Brikor Note. 

The balance of the note as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . Interest expense for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and
 , respectively. 

(the Daiagi and Daiagi Note to Mike Daiagi and Mathew Daiagi
jointly (the Daiagis ). The principal amount due under the Daiagi and Daiagi Note bears interest at the rate of per annum.
The principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms of the Daiagi and Daiagi
Note) is due and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Daiagi and Daiagi Note and the amounts payable thereunder are
unsecured obligations of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the Daiagi
and Daiagi Note. 

(subject to adjustment as set forth in the Daiagi and Daiagi Note The balance of the note as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Interest expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled
 and , respectively. 

F- 17 

(the Amber Investments Note to Amber Investments LLC Amber
Investments ). The principal amount due under the Amber Investments Note bears interest at the rate of per annum. The principal
amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms of the Amber Investments Note) is due
and payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Amber Investments Note and the amounts payable thereunder are unsecured obligations
of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the Amber Investments Note. 

The balance of the note as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Interest expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 totaled approximately and , respectively. 

(the K S Pride Note to K S Pride Inc. K
 S Pride ). The principal amount due under the K S Pride Note bears interest at the rate of per annum. The principal
amount and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms of the K S Pride Note) is due and
payable on the third anniversary of the issue date. The K S Pride Note and the amounts payable thereunder are unsecured obligations
of the Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the K S Pride Note. 

The balance of the note as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Interest expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled
approximately and , respectively. 

(the Surplus Depot Note to Surplus Depot Inc. Surplus
Depot ). The principal amount due under the K S Pride Note bears interest at the rate of per annum. The principal amount
and accrued but unpaid interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms of the Surplus Depot Note) is due and payable
on the third anniversary of the issue date. The Surplus Depot Note and the amounts payable thereunder are unsecured obligations of the
Company and shall be senior in right of payment and otherwise to all indebtedness, as provided in the Surplus Depot Note. 

F- 18 

The balance of the note as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 was and , respectively. Interest expense for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately
 and , respectively. 

common units granted or services prior to 2020. As of December 31, 2021, there were units yet to be issued
pursuant to conversion of convertible debt prior to 2020. 

. Each Class A preferred unit will have a stated value of (the Stated Value ). 

per annum on the Stated Value., which shall accrue on
a monthly basis at the rate of per month, non-compounding, and shall be payable in cash within 30 days of each calendar year for
which the dividend is payable. 

F- 19 

multiplied by the VWAP (as
defined in the Second Amendment), representing a discount rate of . 

of the outstanding common units. 

(the Maximum Commitment Amount over the course of the commitment period. 

F- 20 

of the average daily volume weighted average price of the Company s common units during the
Valuation Period and the number of Put Shares shall be determined for a particular put as the Investment Amount divided by the Purchase
Price. If the number of Estimated Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Initial Pricing) initially delivered to the Investor is
greater than the number of Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Purchase Price) purchased by the Investor pursuant to such Put, then,
within two (2) trading days following the end of the Valuation Period, the Investor shall deliver to the Company any excess Estimated
Put Shares associated with such put. If the number of Estimated Put Shares (Investment Amount divided by Initial Pricing) delivered to
the Investor is less than the Put Shares purchased by the Investor pursuant to a put, then within two (2) trading days following the end
of the Valuation Period the Company shall deliver to the Investor by wire transfer of immediately available funds equal to the difference
between the Estimated Put Shares and the Put Shares issuable pursuant to such put. 

, and cannot exceed the lesser of (i) , or (ii) of the average
daily trading value of the common units in the trading days immediately preceding the Put Notice. 

of the
issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common units (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). 

of the Subsequent Financing (the Participation Maximum on the same terms,
conditions and price provided for in such Subsequent Financing; provided, however, where (i) the person or persons through or with whom
such Subsequent Financing is proposed to be effected will not agree to such participation by the Investor and (ii) the Investor will not
agree to finance the total amount of such Subsequent Financing in lieu of the person or persons through or with whom such Subsequent Financing
is proposed to be effected, the Investor shall have no right to participate in such Subsequent Financing. 

F- 21 

-year
lease of approximately square feet of warehouse store and office space with an entity of which the Company s chief executive
officer is an owner. The lease requires base monthly rent of . Effective January 1, 2022, the monthly rent increased to .
The Company has annual options to extend for one-year, during which period rent will increase annually. 

, equal to the present value of remaining payments of minimum required lease payments.
As a result of the 2022 increase in monthly rent, the Company recorded additional right of use assets and obligations of . 

-year
lease of approximately square feet of warehouse and office space. The lease requires base monthly rent of per month for the
first year and provides for increase in base rent on each anniversary date. At inception of the lease, the Company recorded a right
to use asset and obligation of , equal to the present value of remaining payments of minimum required lease payments. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

, equal to the present value of remaining payments of minimum required lease payments. 

F- 22 

and of
the right to use asset during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and , respectively. 

customers
accounted for approximately of the Company s net revenues. Accounts receivable from the customers as of December 31, 2022 totaled
 . 

pursuant to that certain License Agreement, dated January 2,
2023, by and between the Company and EBL (the License Agreement ). The License Agreement was entered into in the ordinary
course of business. 

of gross sales of the Licensed Articles, as provided in the License Agreement. The license is exclusive
with respect to use of the Mark if EBL meets a minimum monthly royalty payment of within six months after sales commence. The
Company may elect to cancel exclusivity if EBL does not meet the minimum royalty expectations. The License Agreement provided for a term
effective as of the start of sales within 90 days of January 2, 2023 and receipt of the first month s royalty, and renewing monthly
with payment of the additional minimum monthly payment of minimum royalties within six months after sales commence to maintain
exclusivity with respect to use of the Mark, unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of the License Agreement. 

, beginning
90 after March 10, 2023. The minimum monthly payment will be credited toward the monthly royalty. As an Affiliated Party of EBL, EGI is
subject to the terms and royalty obligations of EBL under the License Agreement with respect to (and limited only to) the sublicensed
products, which is defined in the EBL Sublicense to mean any preapproved alternative hemp products or other products, initially comprised
of Delta 8 vapes, flower, pre rolls, edibles, shots; Kratom all of these items; accessories related to these items; and
paper products related to these items. 

F- 23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VPR Brands, LP 

April 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kevin Frija 

Kevin Frija 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kevin Frija 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Kevin Frija 
 
 (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Greg Pan 
 
 Director 
 
 April 13, 2023 
 
 Greg Pan 

74 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_vprbrands.htm
 MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE VPR BRANDS, LP PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

Exhibit 4.1 

MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE VPR BRANDS, LP PARTNERSHIP
AGREEMENT 

The following is a summary
of the material provisions of the Agreement of Limited Partnership, as amended, of the Company, which is referred to herein as our partnership
agreement. 

General Partner 

Our general partner Soleil
Capital Management L.L.C. General Partner ), will manage all of our operations and activities. Our general partner is authorized
in general to perform all acts that it determines to be necessary or appropriate to carry out our purposes and to conduct our business.
Our partnership agreement provides that our general partner in managing our operations and activities will be entitled to consider only
such interests and factors as it desires, including its own interests, and will have no duty or obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to
give any consideration to any interest of or factors affecting us or any limited partners, and will not be subject to any different standards
imposed by the partnership agreement, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act or under any other law, rule or regulation or in equity. The
General Partner is wholly owned by our senior managing directors and controlled by our founders. Our common unitholders have only limited
voting rights on matters affecting our business and therefore have limited ability to influence management s decisions regarding
our business. The voting rights of our common unitholders are limited as set forth in our partnership agreement and in the Delaware Limited
Partnership Act. For example, our general partner may generally make amendments to our partnership agreement or certificate of limited
partnership without the approval of any common unitholder as set forth under Amendment of the Partnership Agreement 
No Limited Partner Approval. 

Organization 

We were formed on June 19,
2009 and have a perpetual existence. 

Purpose 

Under our partnership agreement,
we are permitted to engage, directly or indirectly, in any business activity that is approved by our general partner and that lawfully
may be conducted by a limited partnership organized under Delaware law. 

Power of Attorney 

Each limited partner, and
each person who acquires a limited partner interest in accordance with our partnership agreement, grants to our general partner and, if
appointed, a liquidator, a power of attorney to, among other things, execute and file documents required for our qualification, continuance,
dissolution or termination. The power of attorney also grants our general partner the authority to amend, and to make consents and waivers
under, our partnership agreement and certificate of limited partnership, in each case in accordance with our partnership agreement. 

Capital Contributions 

Our common unitholders are
not obligated to make additional capital contributions, except as described below under Limited Liability. 

Limited Liability 

Assuming that a limited partner
does not participate in the control of our business within the meaning of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act and that he otherwise acts
in conformity with the provisions of our partnership agreement, his liability under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act will be limited,
subject to possible exceptions, to the amount of capital he is obligated to contribute to us for his common units plus his share of any
undistributed profits and assets. If it were determined however that the right, or exercise of the right, by the limited partners as a
group: 

to remove or replace our general partner, 

to approve some amendments to our partnership agreement, or 

to take other action under our partnership agreement, 

constituted participation in the control of our business for the purposes of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, then our limited partners could be held personally liable for our obligations under the laws of Delaware to the same extent as our general partner. This liability would extend to persons who transact business with us who reasonably believe that the limited partner is a general partner. 

Neither our partnership agreement
nor the Delaware Limited Partnership Act specifically provides for legal recourse against our general partner if a limited partner were
to lose limited liability through any fault of our general partner. While this does not mean that a limited partner could not seek legal
recourse, we know of no precedent for this type of a claim in Delaware case law. 

Under the Delaware Limited
Partnership Act, a limited partnership may not make a distribution to a partner if after the distribution all liabilities of the limited
partnership, other than liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities for which the recourse of creditors
is limited to specific property of the partnership, would exceed the fair value of the assets of the limited partnership. For the purpose
of determining the fair value of the assets of a limited partnership, the Delaware Limited Partnership Act provides that the fair value
of property subject to liability for which recourse of creditors is limited will be included in the assets of the limited partnership
only to the extent that the fair value of that property exceeds the non-recourse liability. The Delaware Limited Partnership Act provides
that a limited partner who receives a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution was in violation of
the Delaware Limited Partnership Act will be liable to the limited partnership for the amount of the distribution for three years. Under
the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, a substituted limited partner of a limited partnership is liable for the obligations of his assignor
to make contributions to the partnership, except that such person is not obligated for liabilities unknown to him at the time he became
a limited partner and that could not be ascertained from the partnership agreement. 

Moreover, if it were determined
that we were conducting business in any state without compliance with the applicable limited partnership statute, or that the right or
exercise of the right by the limited partners as a group to remove or replace our general partner, to approve some amendments to our partnership
agreement or to take other action under our partnership agreement constituted participation in the control of our business
for purposes of the statutes of any relevant jurisdiction, then the limited partners could be held personally liable for our obligations
under the law of that jurisdiction to the same extent as our general partner under the circumstances. We intend to operate in a manner
that our general partner considers reasonable and necessary or appropriate to preserve the limited liability of the limited partners. 

Issuance of Additional Securities 

Our partnership agreement
authorizes us to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities and options, rights, warrants and appreciation rights
relating to partnership securities for the consideration and on the terms and conditions established by our general partner in its sole
discretion without the approval of any limited partners. 

In accordance with the Delaware
Limited Partnership Act and the provisions of our partnership agreement, we may also issue additional partnership interests that have
designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the common units. 

2 

Distributions 

Distributions will be made
to the partners pro rata according to the percentages of their respective partnership interests. 

Amendment of the Partnership Agreement 

General 

Amendments to our partnership
agreement may be proposed only by or with the consent of our general partner. To adopt a proposed amendment, other than the amendments
that require limited partner approval discussed below, our general partner must seek approval of a majority of our outstanding units required
to approve the amendment or call a meeting of the limited partners to consider and vote upon the proposed amendment. 

Prohibited Amendments 

No amendment may be made that
would: 

1. 
 enlarge the obligations of any limited partner without its consent, except that any amendment that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of any class of partnership interests in relation to other classes of partnership interests may be approved by at least a majority of the type or class of partnership interests so affected, or 

2. 
 enlarge the obligations of, restrict in any way any action by or rights of, or reduce in any way the amounts distributable, reimbursable or otherwise payable by us to our general partner or any of its affiliates without the consent of our general partner, which may be given or withheld in its sole discretion. 

The provision of our partnership
agreement preventing the amendments having the effects described in clauses (1) or (2) above can be amended upon the approval of the holders
of at least 90 of the outstanding voting units. 

No Limited Partner Approval 

Our general partner may generally
make amendments to our partnership agreement or certificate of limited partnership without the approval of any limited partner to reflect: 

1. 
 a change in the name of the partnership, the location of the partnership s principal place of business, the partnership s registered agent or its registered office, 

2. 
 the admission, substitution, withdrawal or removal of partners in accordance with the partnership agreement, 

3. 
 a change that our general partner determines is necessary or appropriate for the partnership to qualify or to continue our qualification as a limited partnership or a partnership in which the limited partners have limited liability under the laws of any state or other jurisdiction or to ensure that the partnership will not be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise taxed as an entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 

4. 
 an amendment that our general partner determines to be necessary or appropriate to address certain changes in U.S. federal income tax regulations, legislation or interpretation, 

5. 
 an amendment that is necessary, in the opinion of our counsel, to prevent the partnership or our general partner or its directors, officers, agents or trustees, from having a material risk of being in any manner being subjected to the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Advisers Act or plan asset regulations adopted under the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, whether or not substantially similar to plan asset regulations currently applied or proposed by the U.S. Department of Labor, 

3 

6. 
 an amendment that our general partner determines in its sole discretion to be necessary or appropriate for the creation, authorization or issuance of any class or series of partnership securities or options, rights, warrants or appreciation rights relating to partnership securities, 

7. 
 any amendment expressly permitted in our partnership agreement to be made by our general partner acting alone, 

8. 
 an amendment effected, necessitated or contemplated by an agreement of merger, consolidation or other business combination agreement that has been approved under the terms of our partnership agreement, 

9. 
 any amendment that in the sole discretion of our general partner is necessary or appropriate to reflect and account for the formation by the partnership of, or its investment in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, as otherwise permitted by our partnership agreement, 

10. 
 a change in our fiscal year or taxable year and related changes, 

11. 
 a merger with or conversion or conveyance to another limited liability entity that is newly formed and has no assets, liabilities or operations at the time of the merger, conversion or conveyance other than those it receives by way of the merger, conversion or conveyance, 

12. 
 any other amendments substantially similar to any of the matters described in (1) through (11) above. 

In addition, our general
partner may make amendments to our partnership agreement without the approval of any limited partner if those amendments, in the discretion
of our general partner: 

1. 
 do not adversely affect our limited partners considered as a whole (including any particular class of partnership interests as compared to other classes of partnership interests) in any material respect, 

2. 
 are necessary or appropriate to satisfy any requirements, conditions or guidelines contained in any opinion, directive, order, ruling or regulation of any federal or state or non-U.S. agency or judicial authority or contained in any federal or state or non-U.S. statute (including the Delaware Limited Partnership Act), 

3. 
 are necessary or appropriate to facilitate the trading of limited partner interests or to comply with any rule, regulation, guideline or requirement of any securities exchange on which the limited partner interests are or will be listed for trading, 

4. 
 are necessary or appropriate for any action taken by our general partner relating to splits or combinations of units under the provisions of our partnership agreement, or 

5. 
 are required to effect the intent of the provisions of our partnership agreement or are otherwise contemplated by our partnership agreement. 

Opinion of Counsel and Limited Partner Approval

Our general partner will not
be required to obtain an opinion of counsel that an amendment will not result in a loss of limited liability to the limited partners if
one of the amendments described above under No Limited Partner Approval should occur. No other amendments to our
partnership agreement (other than an amendment pursuant to a merger, sale or other disposition of assets effected in accordance with the
provisions described under Merger, Sale or Other Disposition of Assets will become effective without the approval
of holders of at least 90 of the outstanding common units, unless we obtain an opinion of counsel to the effect that the amendment will
not affect the limited liability under the Delaware Limited Partnership Act of any of our limited partners. 

4 

In addition to the above restrictions,
any amendment that would have a material adverse effect on the rights or preferences of any type or class of partnership interests in
relation to other classes of partnership interests will also require the approval of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
partnership interests of the class so affected. 

In addition, any amendment
that reduces the voting percentage required to take any action must be approved by the affirmative vote of limited partners whose aggregate
outstanding voting units constitute not less than the voting requirement sought to be reduced. 

Merger, Sale or Other Disposition of Assets 

Our partnership agreement
generally prohibits our general partner, without the prior approval of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
voting units, from causing us to, among other things, sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets in
a single transaction or a series of related transactions, including by way of merger, consolidation or other combination, or approving
on our behalf the sale, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of our subsidiaries. However, our general
partner in its sole discretion may mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security interest in all or substantially all of our assets
(including for the benefit of persons other than us or our subsidiaries) without that approval. Our general partner may also sell all
or substantially all of our assets under any forced sale of any or all of our assets pursuant to the foreclosure or other realization
upon those encumbrances without that approval. 

If conditions specified in
our partnership agreement are satisfied, our general partner may convert or merge us or any of our subsidiaries into, or convey some or
all of our assets to, a newly formed entity if the sole purpose of that merger or conveyance is to effect a mere change in our legal form
into another limited liability entity. The common unitholders are not entitled to dissenters rights of appraisal under our partnership
agreement or the Delaware Limited Partnership Act in the event of a merger or consolidation, a sale of substantially all of our assets
or any other transaction or event. 

Election to be Treated as a Corporation 

If our general partner determines
that it is no longer in our best interests to continue as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our general partner may
elect to treat us as an association or as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal (and applicable state)
income tax purposes. 

Dissolution 

We will dissolve upon: 

1. 
 the election of our general partner to dissolve us, if approved by the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units, 

2. 
 there being no limited partners, unless we are continued without dissolution in accordance with the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, 

3. 
 the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of us pursuant to the Delaware Limited Partnership Act, or 

4. 
 the withdrawal or removal of our general partner or any other event that results in its ceasing to be our general partner other than by reason of a transfer of general partner interests or withdrawal or removal of our general partner following approval and admission of a successor, in each case in accordance with our partnership agreement. 

5 

Upon a dissolution under clause
(4), the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units may also elect, within specific time limitations, to
continue our business without dissolution on the same terms and conditions described in the partnership agreement by appointing as a successor
general partner an individual or entity approved by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding voting units, subject
to our receipt of an opinion of counsel to the effect that: 

1. 
 the action would not result in the loss of limited liability of any limited partner, and 

2. 
 neither we nor any successor limited partnership would be treated as an association taxable as a corporation or otherwise be taxable as an entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exercise of that right to continue. 

Liquidation and Distribution of Proceeds 

Upon our dissolution, unless
we are continued as a new limited partnership, the liquidator authorized to wind up our affairs will, acting with all of the powers of
our general partner that the liquidator deems necessary or appropriate in its judgment, liquidate our assets and apply the proceeds of
the liquidation first, to discharge our liabilities as provided in the partnership agreement and by law and thereafter to the partners
pro rata according to the percentages of their respective partnership interests as of a record date selected by the liquidator. The liquidator
may defer liquidation of our assets for a reasonable period of time or distribute assets to partners in kind if it determines that an
immediate sale or distribution of all or some of our assets would be impractical or would cause undue loss to the partners. 

Withdrawal or Removal of the General Partner 

On or after June 30, 2017,
our general partner may withdraw as general partner without first obtaining approval of any common unitholder by giving 90 days 
advance notice, and that withdrawal will not constitute a violation of the partnership agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our general
partner may withdraw at any time without common unitholder approval upon 90 days advance notice to the limited partners if at least
50 of the outstanding common units are beneficially owned or owned of record or controlled by one person and its affiliates other than
our general partner and its affiliates. 

Upon the withdrawal of our
general partner under any circumstances, the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units may select a successor
to that withdrawing general partner. If a successor is not elected, or is elected but an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability
and tax matters cannot be obtained, we will be dissolved, wound up and liquidated, unless within 180 days after that withdrawal, the holders
of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units agree in writing to continue our business and to appoint a successor
general partner. See Dissolution above. 

Our general partner
may not be removed unless that removal is approved by the vote of the holders of at least 662/3 of the outstanding voting units and we
receive an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability and tax matters. Any removal of our general partner is also subject to the approval
of a successor general partner by the vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting units. See Meetings;
Voting below. 

In the event of removal of
a general partner under circumstances where cause exists or withdrawal of a general partner where that withdrawal violates our partnership
agreement, a successor general partner will have the option to purchase the general partner interest of the departing general partner
for a cash payment equal to its fair market value. Under all other circumstances where a general partner withdraws or is removed by the
limited partners, the departing general partner will have the option to require the successor general partner to purchase the general
partner interest of the departing general partner for a cash payment equal to its fair market value. In each case, this fair market value
will be determined by agreement between the departing general partner and the successor general partner. If no agreement is reached within
30 days of the general partner s departure, an independent investment banking firm or other independent expert selected by the departing
general partner and the successor general partner will determine the fair market value. If the departing general partner and the successor
general partner cannot agree upon an expert within 45 days of the general partner s departure, then an expert chosen by agreement
of the experts selected by each of them will determine the fair market value. 

If the option described above
is not exercised by either the departing general partner or the successor general partner, the departing general partner s general
partner interest will automatically convert into common units pursuant to a valuation of those interests as determined by an investment
banking firm or other independent expert selected in the manner described in the preceding paragraph. 

6 

In addition, we are required
to reimburse the departing general partner for all amounts due the departing general partner, including without limitation all employee-related
liabilities, including severance liabilities, incurred for the termination of any employees employed by the departing general partner
or its affiliates for our benefit. 

Transfer of General Partner Interests 

On or after June 30, 2017,
our general partner may transfer all or any part of its general partner interest without first obtaining approval of any common unitholder.
As a condition of this transfer, the transferee must assume the rights and duties of the general partner to whose interest that transferee
has succeeded, agree to be bound by the provisions of our partnership agreement and furnish an opinion of counsel regarding limited liability
matters. At any time, the members of our general partner may sell or transfer all or part of their limited liability company interests
in our general partner without the approval of the common unitholders. 

Limited Call Right 

If at any time less than 10 
of the then issued and outstanding limited partner interests of any class (other than special voting units), including our public common
units, are held by persons other than our general partner and its affiliates, our general partner will have the right, which it may assign
in whole or in part to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the remaining limited partner interests
of the class held by unaffiliated persons as of a record date to be selected by our general partner, on at least ten but not more than
60 days notice. The purchase price in the event of this purchase is the greater of: 

1. 
 the current market price as of the date three days before the date the notice is mailed, and 

2. 
 the highest cash price paid by our general partner or any of its affiliates for any limited partner interests of the class purchased within the 90 days preceding the date on which our general partner first mails notice of its election to purchase those limited partner interests. 

As a result of our general
partner s right to purchase outstanding limited partner interests, a holder of limited partner interests may have his limited partner
interests purchased at an undesirable time or price. The tax consequences to a common unitholder of the exercise of this call right are
the same as a sale by that common unitholder of his common units in the market. 

Sinking Fund; Preemptive Rights 

We have not established a
sinking fund and we have not granted any preemptive rights with respect to our limited partner interests. 

Meetings; Voting 

Except as described below
regarding a person or group owning 20 or more of the Company s common units then outstanding, record holders of common units on
the record date will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, meetings of our limited partners and to act upon matters as to which holders
of limited partner interests have the right to vote or to act. 

Except as described below
regarding a person or group owning 20 or more of the Company s common units then outstanding, each record holder of a common unit
of the Company is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of common units held. 

7 

Our general partner does not
anticipate that any meeting of common unitholders will be called in the foreseeable future. Any action that is required or permitted to
be taken by the limited partners may be taken either at a meeting of the limited partners or without a meeting, without a vote and without
prior notice if consents in writing describing the action so taken are signed by limited partners owning not less than the minimum percentage
of the voting power of the outstanding limited partner interests that would be necessary to authorize or take that action at a meeting.
Meetings of the limited partners may be called by our general partner or by limited partners owning at least 50 or more of the voting
power of the outstanding limited partner interests of the class for which a meeting is proposed. Common unitholders may vote either in
person or by proxy at meetings. The holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding limited partner interests of the class
for which a meeting has been called, represented in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum unless any action by the limited partners
requires approval by holders of a greater percentage of such limited partner interests, in which case the quorum will be the greater percentage. 

However, if at any time any
person or group (other than our general partner and its affiliates, or a direct or subsequently approved transferee of our general partner
or its affiliates) acquires, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership of 20 or more of any class of the Company s common units then
outstanding, that person or group will lose voting rights on all of its common units and the common units may not be voted on any matter
and will not be considered to be outstanding when sending notices of a meeting of common unitholders, calculating required votes, determining
the presence of a quorum or for other similar purposes. Common units held in nominee or street name account will be voted by the broker
or other nominee in accordance with the instruction of the beneficial owner unless the arrangement between the beneficial owner and his
nominee provides otherwise. 

Status as Limited Partner 

By transfer of common units
in accordance with our partnership agreement, each transferee of common units will be admitted as a limited partner with respect to the
common units transferred when such transfer and admission is reflected in our books and records. Except pursuant to section 17-607 as
described under Limited Liability above, pursuant to Section 17-804 of the Delaware Limited Partnership Act (which
relates to the liability of a limited partner who receives a distribution of assets upon the winding up of a limited partnership and who
knew at the time of such distribution that it was in violation of this provision) or as set forth in the partnership agreement, the common
units will be fully paid and non-assessable. 

Non-Citizen Assignees; Redemption 

If we are or become subject
to federal, state or local laws or regulations that in the determination of our general partner create a substantial risk of cancellation
or forfeiture of any property in which the partnership has an interest because of the nationality, citizenship or other related status
of any limited partner, we may redeem the common units held by that limited partner at their current market price. To avoid any cancellation
or forfeiture, our general partner may require each limited partner to furnish information about his nationality, citizenship or related
status. If a limited partner fails to furnish information about his nationality, citizenship or other related status within 30 days after
a request for the information or our general partner determines, with the advice of counsel, after receipt of the information that the
limited partner is not an eligible citizen, the limited partner may be treated as a non-citizen assignee. A non-citizen assignee does
not have the right to direct the voting of his common units and may not receive distributions in kind upon our liquidation. 

Indemnification 

Under our partnership agreement,
in most circumstances we will indemnify the following persons, to the fullest extent permitted by law, from and against all losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements
or other amounts: 

our general partner; 

any departing general partner; 

any person who is or was an affiliate of a general partner or any departing general partner; 

8 

any person who is or was a member, partner, tax matters partner, officer, director, employee, agent, fiduciary or trustee of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of us or our subsidiaries, the general partner or any departing general partner; 

any person who is or was serving at the request of a general partner or any departing general partner or any affiliate of a general partner or any departing general partner as an officer, director, employee, member, partner, agent, fiduciary or trustee of another person; or 

any person designated by our general partner. 

We have agreed to provide
this indemnification unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that these
persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal
proceedings. Any indemnification under these provisions will only be out of our assets. Unless it otherwise agrees, the general partner
will not be personally liable for, or have any obligation to contribute or loan funds or assets to us to enable it to effectuate, indemnification.
We may purchase insurance against liabilities asserted against and expenses incurred by persons for our activities, regardless of whether
we would have the power to indemnify the person against liabilities under our partnership agreement. 

Books and Reports 

Our general partner is required
to keep appropriate books of the partnership s business at our principal offices or any other place designated by our general partner.
The books will be maintained for both tax and financial reporting purposes on an accrual basis. For tax and financial reporting purposes,
our year ends on December 31 each year. 

We will make available to
record holders of common units, within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, an annual report containing audited financial statements
and a report on those financial statements by our independent public accountants. Except for our fourth quarter, we will also make available
summary financial information within 90 days after the close of each quarter. Under our partnership agreement, we will be deemed to have
made such annual reports and quarterly financial information available to each record holder of common units if we have either (i) filed
the report or information with the SEC via its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval system and such report or information
is publicly available on such system or (ii) made such report or information available on any publicly available website maintained by
us. 

As soon as reasonably practicable
after the end of each fiscal year, we will furnish to each partner tax information (including Schedule K-1), which describes on a U.S.
dollar basis such partner s share of our income, gain, loss and deduction for our preceding taxable year. It will most likely require
longer than 90 days after the end of our fiscal year to obtain the requisite information from all lower-tier entities so that K-1s may
be prepared for the Company. Consequently, holders of common units who are U.S. taxpayers should anticipate the need to file annually
with the IRS (and certain states) a request for an extension past April 15 or the otherwise applicable due date of their income tax return
for the taxable year. In addition, each partner will be required to report for all tax purposes consistently with the information provided
by us. 

Right to Inspect Our Books and Records 

Our partnership agreement
provides that a limited partner can, for a purpose reasonably related to his interest as a limited partner, upon reasonable written demand
and at his own expense, have furnished to him: 

promptly after becoming available, a copy of our U.S. federal, state and local income tax returns; and 

copies of our partnership agreement, the certificate of limited partnership of the partnership, related amendments and powers of attorney under which they have been executed. 

Our general partner may, and
intends to, keep confidential from the limited partners trade secrets or other information the disclosure of which our general partner
believes is not in our best interests or which we are required by law or by agreements with third parties to keep confidential. 

9 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_vprbrands.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Kevin Frija, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of VPR Brands, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 13, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Frija 

Kevin Frija 

Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_vprbrands.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Kevin Frija, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 of VPR Brands, LP; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant) and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 13, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Frija 

Kevin Frija 

Chief Executive Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_vprbrands.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of VPR Brands,
LP (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), I, Kevin Frija, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 13, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Frija 

Kevin Frija, Chief Executive Officer 
(principal executive officer and 
principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vprb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vprb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vprb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vprb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vprb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

