<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230525_10-K_edgar_data_866291_0000866291-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14854472</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>560653</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2502927</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5027537</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3482367</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3026151</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000866291-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230525
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230525115225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000866291-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		138
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230525
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230525

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000866291
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				462405937
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39675
		FILM NUMBER:		23958140

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		955 PERIMETER ROAD
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(603) 626-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		955 PERIMETER ROAD
		CITY:			MANCHESTER
		STATE:			NH
		ZIP:			03103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19900730

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000866291-23-000017.txt : 20230525

10-K
 1
 algm-20230331.htm
 10-K

algm-20230331 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of September 23, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on such date. 
 As of May 8, 2023 , the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Forward Looking Statements 
 PART I. 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 41 
 Item 2. Properties 
 41 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 PART II. 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 42 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 43 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 57 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 57 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 121 
 PART I II. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 121 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 121 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 121 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 122 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 122 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 122 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 127 
 Signatures 
 127 
 Index to Financial Statements 
 F-1 Reports of Independent Public Accounting Firms 
 F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, the impact of the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic on our business, prospective products and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, may be forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including, among others, statements regarding the liquidity, growth and profitability strategies and factors and trends affecting our business are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, in some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as aim, may, will, should, expect, exploring, plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, seek, or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future results, performance, or achievements, and one should avoid placing undue reliance on such statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. Such beliefs and assumptions may or may not prove to be correct. Additionally, such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to various factors, including, but not limited to, those identified in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 downturns or volatility in general economic conditions; 
 our ability to compete effectively, expand our market share and increase our net sales and profitability; 
 our reliance on a limited number of third-party semiconductor wafer fabrication facilities and suppliers of other materials; 
 our failure to adjust purchase commitments and inventory management based on changing market conditions or customer demand; 
 shifts in our product mix or customer mix, which could negatively impact our gross margin; 
 the cyclical nature of the analog semiconductor industry; 
 any downturn or disruption in the automotive market; 
 our ability to compensate for decreases in average selling prices of our products and increases in input costs; 
 our ability to manage any sustained yield problems or other delays at our third-party wafer fabrication facilities or in the final assembly and test of our products; 
 our ability to accurately predict our quarterly net sales and operating results; 
 our ability to adjust our supply chain volume to account for changing market conditions and customer demand; 
 our dependence on manufacturing operations in the Philippines; 
 our reliance on distributors to generate sales; 
 the effects of COVID-19 on our supply chain and customer demand; 
 our ability to develop new product features or new products in a timely and cost-effective manner; 
 our ability to manage growth; 
 any slowdown in the growth of our end markets; 
 the loss of one or more significant customers; 
 our ability to meet customers quality requirements; 
 uncertainties related to the design win process and our ability to recover design and development expenses and to generate timely or sufficient net sales or margins; 
 changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of export restrictions and tariffs; 
 our exposures to warranty claims, product liability claims and product recalls; 
 2 

our dependence on international customers and operations; 
 the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives on end-user demands for certain products; 
 risks, liabilities, costs and obligations related to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, including export control, privacy, data protection, information security, consumer protection, environmental and occupational health and safety, anti-corruption and anti-bribery, and trade controls; 
 the volatility of currency exchange rates; 
 our ability to raise capital to support our growth strategy; 
 our indebtedness may limit our flexibility to operate our business; 
 our ability to effectively manage our growth and to retain key and highly skilled personnel; 
 our ability to protect our proprietary technology and inventions through patents or trade secrets; 
 our ability to commercialize our products without infringing third-party intellectual property rights; 
 disruptions or breaches of our information technology systems or those of our third-party service providers; 
 our principal stockholders have substantial control over us; 
 the inapplicability of the corporate opportunity doctrine to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us; 
 anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL 
 our inability to design, implement or maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 
 changes in tax rates or the adoption of new tax legislation; 
 the negative impacts of sustained inflation on our business; 
 disruptions in the banking and financial sector that limit our or our partners ability to access capital and borrowings; 
 the physical, transition and litigation risks presented by climate change; and 
 other events beyond our control. 
 Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. 
 You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Additionally, our discussion of various items herein, including our discussion of environmental, social and governance ESG matters, may include information that is not necessarily material under the federal securities laws for SEC reporting purposes. For many ESG matters, this is informed by various ESG standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data), and the interests of various stakeholders. Much of this information is subject to assumptions, estimates or third-party information that is still evolving and subject to change. For example, our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable government policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, the Company and Allegro refer to the operations of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 3 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Our Mission 
 Our mission is to be a global leader in semiconductor sensing and power solutions for motion control and energy-efficient systems in automotive and industrial applications, moving the world to a safer and more sustainable future. 
 Company Overview 
 The Company is a leading global designer, developer, fabless manufacturer and marketer of sensor integrated circuits ICs and application-specific analog power ICs enabling the most important emerging technologies in the automotive and industrial markets. We are a leading supplier of magnetic sensor IC solutions worldwide based on market share, driven by our market leadership in the automotive market. Our products are foundational to automotive and industrial electronic systems. Our sensor ICs enable our customers to precisely measure motion, speed, position and current, while our power ICs include high-temperature and high-voltage capable motor drivers, power management ICs, light emitting diode LED driver ICs and isolated gate drivers. We believe that our technology expertise, combined with our deep applications knowledge and strong customer relationships, enable us to develop solutions that provide more value to customers than typical ICs. Compared to a typical IC, our solutions are more integrated, intelligent and sophisticated for complex applications and are easier for customers to use. 
 Growth in the global semiconductor industry has traditionally been driven by the consumer market. Looking ahead, industry growth is expected to be driven by technology mega trends in the automotive and industrial markets. These mega trends have created requirements for new technologies in vehicles, both under the hood and in the cabin, to support vehicle electrification and advanced driver assistance systems ADAS ). These shifts also require technology to enable intelligence and automation in factories and energy efficiency in clean energy applications. According to industry experts, these mega trends are expected to dramatically increase the demand for sensing and power solutions like the ones we develop. We believe our patented portfolio of sensor and power ICs provides the underlying technology required to establish an early lead in the market and win in the presence of larger competitors. 
 Our longstanding history of innovation over multiple economic and technology cycles in the semiconductor industry is built on our market leading magnetic sensor IC technology. Our first of its kind approach took the complexity of magnetic systems design and embedded it within our solutions, dramatically simplifying the customers design effort while increasing system reliability. This is a pattern we have repeated over consecutive generations of products, enabling us to establish a strong presence in the most rigorous and demanding automotive markets. Our portfolio now includes more than 1,000 products, and we ship over 1.5 billion units annually to more than 10,000 customers worldwide. By developing sophisticated, analog mixed-signal IC solutions that incorporate our patented intellectual property, proprietary and robust process technologies and our unique packaging know-how, we believe we are well-positioned to compete across all of our target markets. Our established position as an incumbent supplier for the automotive market and our long product life cycles attest to the strength of this competitive advantage. 
 Our value proposition is based on providing complete IC solutions for motion control and energy efficient systems. This includes sensing angular or linear position, driving an electric motor or actuator, and regulating the power applied to sensing and driving circuits so they operate safely and efficiently. These capabilities are based on fundamental technical advances we have made in the field of Hall-effect and xMR magnetic sensors and Bipolar-CMOS-DMOS BCD power ICs. We continue to be instrumental in developing Hall-effect and magnetoresistive transducers xMR and power double diffusion metal oxide semiconductor devices on silicon, application-optimized packaging, high-temperature operation, high-speed precision signal paths for signal processing, and 100-volt 100V capable BCD wafer technology. In Hybrid Electric Vehicles HEV ), Electric Vehicles EV and ADAS applications, these innovations translate to increased driving range for an electric vehicle, smaller and more reliable power conversion systems, improved safety and efficiency of motor and power management systems and safer and more reliable steering and braking systems. In the industrial market, these technologies enable clean energy and automation. These innovations improve reliability to avoid factory downtime, accurately measure current to support increased energy efficiency for high-density clean energy applications and reduce the solution footprint to lower total system cost. 
 We have maintained our sensor IC leadership and built our power IC business through successfully developing deep customer relationships over time. We commonly collaborate with customers early on over a multi-year period in order to design products capable of meeting demanding performance and quality requirements. Through this customer collaboration in product design, we believe we have unique insight into market trends and customer requirements for new, improved and 
 4 

innovative products. We believe that these insights enable us to develop differentiated solutions, often in advance of our competitors. 
 Our customer list includes virtually all of the world s top automotive companies and a large quantity of leading industrial companies. We are a preferred vendor to tier-one suppliers in the automotive industry that supply parts or systems directly to original equipment manufacturers OEMs ). Our products can be found in vehicles built by nearly every automotive OEM worldwide and in many common industrial systems. We support customers through design and application centers located in North America, South America, Asia and Europe. Our local teams in these centers work closely with our customers on their unique design requirements, often acting as an extension of a customer s development team. 
 Beginning in 2016, we began a multi-year strategic transition to extend our market leadership in high-growth markets, improve our operating model through a fabless and asset-lite manufacturing strategy, increase our IC design footprint and capacity, and accelerate growth through enhanced sales operations. To date, we believe we have begun to successfully realize many of the key objectives of this transition, and we expect to continue to benefit from initiatives put in place to further enhance our competitiveness, growth and profitability. As part of our strategic transformation, we began to streamline manufacturing to reduce fixed costs. This resulted in the divestiture of our wafer manufacturing facility, Polar Semiconductor, LLC PSL ), in March 2020 (the PSL Divestiture ), and the closure of our manufacturing facility in Thailand (the AMTC Facility as of March 2021. In our current fabless, asset-lite manufacturing model, we use external wafer manufacturing consisting of both standard and proprietary processes, along with internal and external assembly and internal test capabilities to provide both flexibility and scale. Through our subcontractor manufacturers, we are able to employ our proprietary wafer fabrication processes while leveraging our subcontractors manufacturing technologies and high-volume capacity. Our use of both internal and external assembly and test capabilities is designed to balance the protection of our proprietary technology and processes while achieving automotive quality manufacturing at scale. 
 Our Market 
 Within the global semiconductor industry, we focus on the magnetic sensor and power management IC markets. 
 E-Mobility 
 We define e-Mobility as the electrification of vehicles and the increasing adoption of advance safety-related driver assistance systems, known as ADAS. 
 We are a leading provider of sensing and power solutions for vehicle electrification, building on our decades of experience in powertrain efficiency and performance leadership in technologies that reduce emissions. The ability to improve efficiency is critical as OEMs strive to comply with increasingly stringent regulations and heightened customer awareness of the environmental impact of high emissions. 
 As EVs become a meaningful share of the automotive market, OEMs face challenges and opportunities to change system architectures in order to reduce complexities while achieving optimal system efficiency and vehicle range. This presents a number of new socket opportunities for semiconductors, and we expect our content per vehicle will continue to increase, driven by research and development innovation to serve this high-growth market. 
 As an expert in delivering ICs supporting efficient power conversion in HEV and EVs, we believe we are uniquely positioned to support increased electrification, providing the critical automotive-grade components required to enable energy-efficient and cost-effective vehicles. We believe this allows us to take advantage of the significant semiconductor content increases expected to result from the EV migration and strong growth of electrified powertrains over the coming years. 
 Our September 2022 acquisition of Heyday Integrated Circuits Heyday provides us with additional content opportunities in every fully electric vehicle. This first-to-market technology, which integrates an isolated DC-DC and isolated gate driver IGD is more efficient than competitive solutions that require two chips. This not only allows customers to reduce their printed circuit boards PCBs ), but also enables the entire system, like an on-board charger, to shrink. We continue to innovate this technology, which will enable gallium nitride GaN and silicon carbide SiC solutions in the electric powertrain. 
 ADAS capabilities are considered some of the most desirable features in modern vehicles and are currently being adopted in vehicles worldwide. Industry experts expect ADAS feature adoption will continue to increase over time. ADAS is a precursor to fully autonomous vehicles. While many ADAS-equipped vehicles are being produced today, as ADAS features become more sophisticated and increasingly adopted, demand for our sensor and power ICs is expected to expand in steering and braking systems. Based on industry forecasts, we believe the transition to vehicles that incorporate ADAS Level 2 
 5 

through 5 technologies and strong adoption of sensors and power management products to support these vehicles, will enable us to increase our total available market related to ADAS and related safety and chassis technologies. 
 Our devices play a key role in ADAS applications, reacting to system inputs to enable collision avoidance, lane keeping, automatic emergency braking or self-park features through automatic steering and braking. A steering system equipped with even a modest degree of automation utilizes products across our entire portfolio, including sensors, power management ICs and motor driver ICs, which we believe is indicative of the size of our potential market opportunity as ADAS applications become increasingly more sophisticated. 
 While the market is still in the early stages of adopting new ADAS technologies, our solutions do not require waiting for full autonomy; we already ship a significant volume of devices every year that enable ADAS capabilities. Vehicles equipped with Level 1 ADAS feature sets use Allegro devices. We have been helping to increase the safety and drive features in ADAS applications of steering and braking systems for years and believe our track record of supplying devices for safety applications and experience with supporting ADAS features in high-end vehicles, combined with increased penetration of ADAS as it scales from luxury vehicles to mainstream and economy vehicles, positions us to expand our business to capitalize on this rapidly growing opportunity. Along with increased adoption, there will be increased content opportunities as ADAS technology and system architectures continue to advance. 
 Clean Energy 
 Our automotive first philosophy resonates with our industrial customers who appreciate our rigorous quality standards, devices designed to withstand extreme environments and our long product lifecycle of 10 years or more. These customers are in our target markets of clean energy, defined as renewable energy generation, storage and distribution, EV charging infrastructure and data center. 
 Renewable energy, especially solar, and EV charging are being driven by government regulations for reduced emissions and the increased electrification of a variety of products and processes. We can meet the needs of a variety of solar and EV charging technologies and types. Having the technology and products to support these markets from their infancy provides us an advantage in helping customers bring their products to market more quickly. This enables us to learn with our customers and solve challenges as they arise. Additionally, our IGDs will have a strong presence in these power conversion markets, enabling GaN and SiC-based platforms. 
 We offer one of the largest portfolios of current sensors on the market today, including those with integrated components, requiring less board space. Our lossless current sensor ICs are used to improve efficiency in these power conversion systems. Our 100V BCD wafer process technology and galvanically isolated current sensors are suited for higher voltage operation, and we believe the demand for current sensor ICs will increase as more solar and EV applications come to market. In addition, we expect our IGD technology to enable us to use a single, small-footprint package to significantly reduce system design time and complexity. 
 Our motor drivers are heavily adopted in the data center space, mainly for thermal efficiency, as these products reduce complexity and design time, while also reducing the energy consumption required to cool servers. 
 Automatio n 
 With the growing adoption of factory automation, there is increasing demand for precise motion control and energy efficient technologies representing additional meaningful growth opportunities for us. We believe we can leverage our technology leadership in solutions optimized for high-accuracy, high-voltage and high-reliability conditions to expand our presence in these markets. Many of these applications require the same safety and accuracy, which we have designed into our automotive first devices. In particular, we believe we have the potential to leverage the synergy between our power and sensor solutions, including motor drivers, voltage regulators, display drivers, and current, position and speed sensors, into under-penetrated opportunities within industrial automation. 
 Traditional Automotive Applications 
 The internal combustion engine ICE will continue to exist in some form for the foreseeable future, either in pure ICE vehicles or hybrids, the largest portion of the EV market for the next few years. OEMs continue to improve their fuel mileage and look to Allegro to help create the most efficient ICE powertrains possible. We have decades of experience as a proven supplier in ICE powertrains to support engine efficiency. 
 Safety, comfort and convenience business will continue to evolve with vehicle electrification. Systems that historically relied on engine temperature or mechanical energy are now electrifying, and new system technologies are being rolled out. Products our customers have relied on for lighting and infotainment are becoming more energy efficient as we develop more 
 6 

advanced products and innovate with our customers. Additionally, our work to improve electrified powertrains is translating into an electrified thermal management system, where we can leverage the trust we have established with OEMs based on our prior experience to introduce and sell new products. 
 Broad Industrial 
 The Broad Industrial market includes our personal mobility, or two wheeler market, and a number of other end uses from heavy equipment to telecom connectivity. Our two-wheeler business is seeing similar electrification trends as larger vehicles. Our solutions are proven in electrified powertrains and in small form factors needed in these applications. These markets are looking for many of the same devices our automotive customers use, from high voltage and high temperature performance to long life cycle, small form factors, integration and unique packaging. Our automotive quality standards give industrial customers trust in our products. 
 Consumer Computer Markets 
 The consumer and computer markets include smart home applications, personal computers and consumer electronics. Our devices enable our customers in these markets to manufacture more energy efficient products with extended battery life. 
 Market Opportunity 
 Within our target markets, a key element of our growth strategy is to increase our business through portfolio and customer expansion. We are a market share leader in the magnetic sensor IC market, and we believe there is considerable opportunity to continue to grow this foundational business. For example, over the last five years, we introduced new position sensor ICs and quickly ramped revenue in motion control applications, particularly in the ADAS market. We believe similar share growth opportunities exist in other adjacent areas of the magnetic sensor IC market. 
 We are also just beginning to leverage our power IC products to increase our total content within automotive and industrial applications. For example, over the last five years, we introduced new power devices, including motor driver ICs, and grew revenue in the automotive ADAS and data center markets. Our net sales in these new areas have grown approximately 50 faster than the overall growth of the brushless direct current BLDC motor market during the same period. We believe this is indicative of the success of our footprint expansion strategy and the potential for significant growth with continued execution on that strategy. 
 Our latest opportunity to expand our market presence is with our new IGDs. These solutions will have applications in power conversion in EVs, such as on-board chargers and traction inverters, as well as clean energy. 
 Increasing our Served Available Market 
 Another focus of our growth strategy is to significantly expand our served available market by using our established position in high-value automotive and industrial applications to increase our content per system. We believe the automotive market is very attractive given the rigorous quality and safety requirements that create meaningful challenges for new competitors and the significant technology shifts currently underway that are expected to significantly increase semiconductor content per vehicle. 
 With the growth of semiconductor content opportunities related to EV and ADAS penetration already accelerating, we have seen significant increases in our electronic system content per vehicle. For example: 
 Our opportunity for vehicles adopting ADAS features is expected to grow as the adoption moves from high end vehicles to mid- and lower-range vehicles. An additional benefit from ADAS is the content opportunity increase per system as new architectures are adopted. We believe that moving from today s systems to electromechanical braking and steer-by-wire will nearly double the devices required per system. 
 According to our internal estimates and third-party sources, in a standard ICE model, we believe that we have a total opportunity of approximately 39 increasing to approximately 100 of potential content in an EV. 
 In a popular mid-sized 2022 model sedan shipped worldwide, our content per vehicle increased by over 50 as the vehicle model transitioned from ICE to a battery EV. 
 There is a similar dynamic in the industrial market, where clean energy and automation are two mega trends requiring more semiconductor content as they gain mainstream adoption. Our current sensors, motor drivers, and position sensors performance and reliability make them uniquely capable of delivering on customer expectations for both energy efficiency and motion control. 
 7 

Competitive Strengths 
 The semiconductor market is highly competitive. As a leader in sensor and power ICs, we have a strong track record of winning against both established competitors and new entrants. We believe that by effectively navigating technology transitions, maintaining close customer relationships and anticipating market trends, we have established a leadership position in the automotive market and are rapidly gaining presence in our targeted industrial markets, including factory automation and clean energy. Our research and development investment strategy prioritizes directing our internal investment resources toward high-value, high-growth opportunities where we believe we can apply our competitive strengths to establish a leading position and defend that position over successive product generations. Our competitive strengths include the following: 
 Leading market positions 
 We are a market share leader in magnetic sensor ICs. We believe that we can continue to increase our market presence and that our continued innovation in proprietary sensor and power IC technologies will enable us to establish leadership positions for new products in existing and emerging applications. For example, as a result of our sensor IC leadership in ICE, we have been able to establish a footprint in the emerging HEV and EV market and in ADAS. Growth in electronics in these applications is outpacing total vehicle growth and contributing significantly to the increasing semiconductor content per vehicle. As a proven automotive supplier, with high application content per vehicle in internal combustion and comfort systems, we have established a position in these high-growth ADAS and EV applications that we believe will result in a substantial increase in our content per vehicle progressively over the next decade. Our average product life cycle is 10 years or more, and we believe that product longevity and our ability to compete in our target markets will enable sustained growth over a long period. 
 Established technology leadership, strong intellectual property and system-level expertise 
 We believe our technology leadership is based on our strong intellectual property portfolio in analog mixed-signal circuit design, our sensor and power IC process technology innovations, and our intelligent packaging expertise. Additionally, we believe our system-level knowledge resulting from close customer collaboration enables us to understand our customers specific system requirements and more quickly and effectively develop advanced solutions to meet their needs. For example, our innovations in Hall-effect and xMR sensor ICs include assemblies with integrated magnets and optimized silicon design to enable precise robust performance in high-temperature and high-voltage environments. To date, we believe that our competitors have not been able to duplicate the resulting performance advantage. We have expanded innovations in the field of magnetic sensor ICs to the power IC market, where our solutions are developed using our proprietary 100V-capable wafer technology, which enables the efficient integration of various power circuits and proprietary motor control algorithms into one small form factor device. This reduces the solution footprint, increases system efficiency and simplifies our customers motor design process, all of which represent key customer requirements. In our newly acquired IGDs, our integration of an isolated DC-AC and an IGD enable an up to 50 size reduction of a PCB, and an up to 40 increase in efficiency. We believe these innovations have created tangible performance benefits in a variety of customer end products across a broad range of applications, from traditional 12-volt internal combustion engines to fully electric vehicles, autonomous vehicles, and from industrial automation to clean energy. 
 Broadly diversified business focused on high-value customers and end markets 
 Given the breadth of our customer relationships worldwide, our net sales are diversified across automotive and industrial customers, sales channels and geographies. We believe this diversity contributes to our growth opportunity by providing us early access to emerging customer applications and helping us to maintain relative stability in net sales across the business cycles common to the semiconductor industry. During economic declines, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, our regional and target market diversification enabled us to partially offset regional or customer demand weakness. For example, recently, our presence in growing, high content electric vehicle systems has helped offset reductions in automotive production generally, and we have been able to capitalize on increased demand for clean energy infrastructure. Diversification, particularly geographically and within the automotive industry, has enabled us to continue to invest across business cycles, pursue multiple growth opportunities and employ our research and development efforts and technology expertise across multiple products and end markets. 
 Unlike the consumer market, automotive and industrial markets are characterized by long design cycles and rigorous quality, reliability and safety testing. These end markets often support higher relative average sales prices ASPs for similar technologies and longer product lifecycles. In addition, for many of our customers, we are among a limited number of suppliers qualified to compete for next generation product designs, and in many of our design wins, we are the sole supplier to the customer. This strong competitive position allows us to gain insight into the specifications for our customers evolving 
 8 

products and enables us to develop innovative solutions to meet their needs, providing us with multiple opportunities to secure continued business. In addition, our customer diversity and longstanding track record with key customers, particularly in the automotive market, provides us with a deep channel into which we can introduce new products. As a result, based on our internal metrics, we believe we have visibility into, and understanding of, long-term revenue trends. 
 Fabless, asset-lite, scalable operations with flexible, advanced manufacturing infrastructure 
 Over the course of our multi-year strategic transformation, including our completion of the PSL Divestiture in March 2020, we became a fabless semiconductor company, while retaining certain ownership rights in and a strategic customer relationship with PSL to enhance our security of supply. Consolidating our internal manufacturing footprint, leveraging our supplier partners, and focusing on product innovation and customer solutions has contributed to improving our historical gross margins over the last several years from a 40 range to the 56 range today. Becoming a fabless semiconductor company has also enabled us to access the technology base available through partnerships with strategic contract semiconductor wafer fabrication plants fabs to which we bring our advanced proprietary processes. Wafers using our proprietary fabrication processes are very often manufactured at multiple wafer foundries, sometimes on dedicated, customized tools. We believe this strategy will provide us with enhanced security of supply. Our major fab partners currently include PSL, United Microelectronics Corporation UMC and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company TSMC ). We believe that we have developed a flexible and efficient manufacturing model that will continue to reduce our capital requirements, lower our operating costs, enhance reliability of supply and support our continued growth in future periods. 
 We have successfully reduced our manufacturing footprint by approximately half over the last three years as we optimized our manufacturing capabilities in packaging through a mix of internal and external capacity. In addition, the closure of the AMTC Facility as of March 2021 reduced our remaining manufacturing square footage by approximately an additional 45 . In addition to the implementation of our fabless, asset-lite scalable manufacturing strategy, we believe the AMTC Facility closure as part of our manufacturing footprint optimization strategy further enhanced our gross margins. Our primary internal assembly and test facility based in Manila, Philippines (the AMPI Facility provides high-volume production capacity while facilitating the protection of our proprietary process technology, particularly for the assembly and testing of our magnetic sensor products. Additionally, we make use of other third-party assembly and second-source manufacturers for industry standard packaging. We are certified under IATF 16949:2016, the automotive sector-specific quality management system standard, and are a major supplier to automotive manufacturers world-wide, who are recognized as having very stringent quality standards with respect to safety and reliability. We also have qualified and use external assembly to enable flexible capacity utilization and technology access. 
 Well-positioned to access the global automotive and industrial markets 
 We have an extensive sales, distribution, technical and quality support network in the U.S., Europe and Asia to support the direct distribution of our products. We believe we are well-positioned to expand our business in all of these markets, particularly in the automotive and industrial automation markets. 
 Experienced and established management team 
 Our executive management team averages approximately 20 years of semiconductor industry experience. We believe our team has a proven track record of operating in fast-paced, innovation-driven and values-based cultures. Our management team is committed to innovating with purpose, supporting sustainability and managing with transparency. 
 Their experience of effectively managing through various industry cycles and technology transitions provides us with steady, reliable leadership, uniquely capable of identifying strong investments, executing through changes and maintaining stability during periods of market uncertainty. 
 Company Strategy 
 Our strategy is to provide complete IC solutions for our customers, innovate with purpose to build on leadership in our key markets and expand our presence to become a global leader in semiconductor power and sensing solutions for motion control and energy efficient systems in automotive and industrial applications. 
 Invest in research and development that is market-aligned and focused on targeted portfolio expansion 
 We believe that our investments in research and development in the areas of product design, automotive-grade wafer fabrication technology and IC packaging development are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage. In both the automotive and industrial markets, major technology shifts driven by disruptive technologies are creating high-growth 
 9 

opportunities in areas such as e-Mobility, clean energy and automation. We believe the convergence of requirements for intelligence and energy efficiency within these emerging markets is directly aligned with our core competencies. Our knowledge of customers end systems has driven an expansion of our sensor IC and power solutions to enable these new technologies. By aligning our research and development investments with disruptive technology trends while undergoing a rigorous ROI review, we believe we can deliver an attractive combination of growth and profitability. 
 Emphasize our automotive first philosophy to align our product development with the most rigorous applications and safety standards 
 We are a leading supplier of magnetic sensor ICs for the automotive market because we have been intentional about incorporating support for the stringent automotive operating voltages, temperature ranges and safety and reliability standards into every part of our operations, from design to manufacturing. By designing our products from the ground up to operate at high temperatures and at high voltages, we have built a strong technical reputation among our automotive customers. We believe our focus on meeting or exceeding industry standards as the baseline for product development increases our opportunity in the automotive market as customers look for trusted suppliers to deliver highly reliable solutions for rapidly growing emerging markets. For example, the rise in HEVs and EVs has dramatically increased the variety and complexity of components needed to support modern powertrains. We believe our philosophy of designing for automotive safety and reliability gives us a meaningful lead over new entrants attempting to enter the automotive market by modifying existing solutions originally developed for consumer and other less demanding applications. We also believe we can use our expertise in designing for the automotive market and our expanding product portfolio to capitalize on increasing demand among industrial customers for ruggedized solutions that meet the highest quality and reliability standards. Additionally, in our experience, demand for solutions that meet or exceed stringent safety and reliability specifications supports higher ASPs and slower ASP declines over time than are typical for our industry. 
 Invest to lead in chosen markets and apply our intellectual property and technology to pursue adjacent growth markets 
 We intend to continue to invest in technology advancements and our intellectual property portfolio to maintain the leading market share position in magnetic sensor ICs and achieve leadership positions in power ICs within our target markets. We believe we can maximize our investments by leveraging our proven technology and existing research and development, sales and support efforts to take advantage of synergistic opportunities in new, adjacent growth markets. For example: 
 We target our patented sensor IC, and power-related intellectual property to address increasing electronics content in automotive applications based on the increasing adoption of electric powertrains and advanced safety systems for semi-autonomous and autonomous vehicles. 
 We are investing in advanced current sensor IC and sensor-less motor control technologies to target industrial clean energy applications where we believe the trend towards increasing energy efficiency provides an opportunity to apply our rich history of innovation to rapidly accelerate our growth. 
 We are aligning our application domain knowledge, sensor design skills and power management and motor control algorithm expertise to capitalize on the trend towards increasing automation and electronics content inherent in the industrial automation transformation. 
 We believe our strategy of leveraging our key capabilities to target adjacent growth markets will enable us to achieve higher returns on our research and development investments. 
 Expand our sales channels and enhance our sales operations and customer relationships 
 We sell our products globally through our direct sales force, distributors and independent sales representatives. Our global sales infrastructure is optimized to support customers through a combination of key account managers and regional technical and support centers near customer locations. These centers enable us to act as an extension of our customers design teams, providing us with key insights into product requirements and accelerating the adoption and ramp up of our products in customer designs. We intend to continue strengthening our relationships with our existing customers while also enabling our channel partners to support demand creation and fulfillment for smaller broad-based industrial customers. We believe we will be able to further penetrate the industrial market and efficiently scale our business to accelerate growth by enabling our channel to become an extension of our demand generation and customer support efforts. 
 Continue to improve our gross margins through product innovation and cost optimization 
 We strive to improve our profitability by both rapidly introducing new products with value-added features and reducing our manufacturing costs through our fabless, asset-lite manufacturing model. Over the last several years, we have 
 10 

improved our gross margin from a 40 range historically to the 56 range. We expect to continue to improve our product mix by developing new products for growth markets where we believe we can generate higher ASPs and/or higher gross margins. We also intend to further our relationships with key foundry suppliers to apply our products and applications knowledge to develop differentiated and cost-efficient wafer processes and packages. We believe we can reduce our manufacturing costs by leveraging the advanced manufacturing capabilities of our strategic suppliers, implementing more cost-effective packaging technologies and leveraging both internal and external assembly and test capacity to reduce our capital requirements, lower our operating costs, enhance reliability of supply and support our continued growth. We intend to continue to choose the industry s leading manufacturing partners to maintain the quality of our products for the automotive market, to ensure continuity of supply and to best protect our intellectual property. 
 Selectively pursue acquisitions and other strategic transactions 
 We evaluate and selectively pursue acquisitions and transactions as an integral part of our strategy to supplement organic growth. Acquisitions should accelerate our growth in strategic e-Mobility and industrial markets, extend or enhance our existing technology expertise, and leverage our existing sales channels. 
 Maintain sustainability efforts 
 We intend to continue to innovate with purpose, aiming to help address critical global challenges related to energy efficiency, vehicle emissions and clean and renewable energy with our sensing and power management product portfolio. In addition, we strive to operate our business in a socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner, and with the goals of maintaining a dedication to social responsibility in our supply chain and disclosing the environmental impact of our business operations. 
 We identified five goals that help to inform our ESG strategy: (1) maximize the positive impact of our products, (2) build a diverse and innovative workforce, (3) minimize our impact on the planet, (4) engage our supply chain to advance sustainability, and (5) cultivate opportunities in local communities. 
 Company Products and Solutions 
 Our product portfolio includes over 1,000 products across a range of high-performance analog mixed-signal semiconductors. 
 We apply our deep technology know-how to deliver magnetic sensing IC and power IC solutions to: 
 Sense speed, position, and current to enable electric powertrains, improve vehicle fuel efficiency and CO2 emissions, enable safer cars through ADAS safety features, and enhance factory automation and clean energy systems; 
 Regulate systems to improve safety and power efficiency and ultimately reduce solution size; and 
 Drive motors through our advanced, proprietary algorithms that provide industry leading reliability and energy efficiency, with minimal audible noise and vibration. 
 Magnetic Sensor ICs 
 We offer what we believe to be the industry s leading portfolio of integrated magnetic sensor ICs. Our solutions are based on our monolithic Hall-effect and xMR technology that allows customers to develop contactless sensor solutions that reduce mechanical wear and provide greater measurement accuracy and system control. Our portfolio of magnetic sensor ICs includes the following: 
 Current Sensor ICs : Current sensor ICs provide output signals proportional to the overall strength of a magnetic field created by a current carrying conductor. We have developed a broad portfolio of current sensors to meet multiple voltage and application needs for our customers. Current sensor ICs are used to improve energy efficiency in a broad range of applications, on-board chargers, DC-DC converters, inverters, industrial motors, solar inverters, and EV charging infrastructure. 
 Position Sensor ICs : Position sensor ICs provide an analog or digital voltage output that measures the intensity of a magnetic field, thereby establishing a precise position. In automotive applications, our position sensor ICs are used to improve safety applications such as ADAS power steering and braking systems, mild HEV powertrain systems such as the shaft position of a starter generator and ICE powertrain systems such as clutch and fork position in advanced transmissions. Our TMR Angle Sensor ICs offer high resolution position feedback and the safety diagnostics required for adoption in advanced ADAS motor position applications. 
 Speed Sensor ICs: Speed sensor ICs detect and process the magnetic fields created by a rotating gear tooth or ring magnet with the output being a digital reading proportional to speed. These sensor ICs are used in camshaft/ 
 11 

crankshaft and transmission systems and employ proprietary algorithms for high accuracy, leading to reduced CO2 emissions and improved fuel economy of combustion engines. Additionally, xMR wheel speed sensors play an important role to increase the safety of ADAS braking systems. 
 Power ICs 
 Our power IC portfolio is comprised of high-temperature and high-voltage capable motor driver ICs, regulator power management ICs, LED driver ICs and high-voltage IGDs, which allow our customers to design safer, smaller and more power-efficient systems. We employ embedded algorithms that simplify system-level design, reduce audible noise, and increase start-up reliability in BLDC motors and fans. Our portfolio of power ICs includes the following: 
 Motor Driver ICs : Motor driver ICs contain the power drivers and the sequencing logic to drive the coils of a variety of motors. Our motor driver ICs utilize embedded algorithms to improve energy efficiency and motion control in HEV and EV systems, automotive fans and pumps, data center cooling fans, automation and home appliances. 
 Regulator and LED Driver ICs : As the industry transitions to more highly integrated products, our portfolio of regulator ICs, and power management ICs PMICs is used extensively in under-hood automotive ADAS and powertrain systems. Our LED driver ICs and modules are used in smart lighting systems to improve system safety, efficiency and size. 
 Isolated Gate Drivers: These devices combine isolated DC-DC and IGDs into a single package. They are designed to complement GaN and SiC switches in high-efficiency power conversion systems. Our IGDs enable an application that is smaller and more efficient than the competing solutions, helping to shrink PCBs and reduce total system size. 
 Examples of our IC products and their applications in end markets are set forth in the following table. 
 Automotive Market IC Solutions Industrial Market IC Solutions Other Market IC Solutions PRODUCTS Current sensors 
 Current sensors 
 Current sensors 
 Position sensors 
 Position sensors 
 Position sensors 
 Speed sensors 
 Speed sensors 
 Motor drivers 
 LED drivers 
 LED drivers 
 Regulators 
 Motor drivers 
 Motor drivers 
 Regulators and PMICs 
 Regulators 
 Isolated gate drivers Isolated gate drivers APPLICATIONS Electric motor powertrain and charging systems for EV EV charging infrastructure Smart home/IoT ADAS, active safety, including steering and braking systems Solar power generation, storage, and distribution PC printers and peripherals Engine management and transmission systems Factory automation equipment Personal electronics Comfort and convenience including in-cabin motors, HVAC, infotainment, LED lighting Industrial motors Energy Star household appliances including white goods Passive safety including seatbelt switches, wipers, door/window sensors, seat position, suspension Data center and 5G infrastructure Personal mobility 
 Environmental, Social and Governance Initiatives 
 
 Our commitment to ESG is intrinsic to our core value of Innovation with Purpose and is directly aligned to our corporate strategy and growth plans. As we expand the reach and influence of our products, we have an important opportunity to make a positive impact on our people, communities, and the planet. Our innovators and teams are not only focused on solving customer challenges like reducing emissions, making applications more energy efficient, and harnessing 
 12 

renewable energy, but they are also looking inward, imagining ways we can enhance our impact on the communities where we live and work. We strive to develop intelligent solutions that help to move the world toward a safer and more sustainable future. We are guided by our signature ESG initiative to maximize the positive impact of our products. We believe our ICs help address global challenges related to CO2 emissions, energy efficiency and clean, renewable energy in a variety of applications, for example: 
 
 Reduced vehicle emissions and improved fuel economy for internal combustion engines. Our magnetic speed sensor ICs are used in combustion engines to reduce CO2 emissions and improve fuel economy by providing gear speed and position information necessary to improve engine performance. For example, we are a leading provider of specialized crankshaft speed sensor ICs needed to operate the stop/start engine systems designed to reduce emissions through improved efficiency. Our magnetic speed and position sensor ICs, motor driver ICs, and PMICs are used in advanced, high-efficiency vehicle transmissions. These ICs sense the position of gears and clutches, regulate power to the sensors and control electronics, and drive the actuators needed to operate high-efficiency eight to 10-speed transmissions. 
 Energy efficiency in hybrid and fully electric vehicles. Our lossless magnetic current sensor ICs are used to accurately measure and control electric current flowing in EV powertrains, improving the energy efficiency of the electric vehicle. In many electric cars, 10 to 20 total current sensor ICs are used in vehicle inverter, DC/DC converter, and on-board-charging systems. In addition, our power IC products improve energy efficiency and motion control in mild hybrid cars, where our 100V wafer technology is ideal for use when driving 48-volt motors or powering electronics from the internal 48-volt battery. 
 Renewable and smart energy applications. Our magnetic current sensor ICs with embedded high-voltage isolation are used extensively in power conversion and inverter applications in solar and wind energy generation. In addition, our angle sensor ICs and motor driver ICs play a key role in the mechatronic systems used to optimize the alignment between solar panels and the changing position of the sun, for example. Our products also provide a non-intrusive, reliable, high-precision and low-cost way to measure power in power monitoring applications. 
 Energy efficiency in next generation infrastructure . Our power IC products, such as motor driver ICs, are used extensively in data center cooling fan applications. In addition, our magnetic current sensor ICs help improve energy efficiency and minimize energy losses in data center power supplies and power amplifiers in 5G telecom systems. We expect the transition from 12-volt to 48-volt power architectures in data center and 5G telecom markets will continue to require energy-efficient, high-voltage power and sensor IC solutions to achieve necessary levels of energy efficiency. 
 The Company is a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), the world s largest industry coalition dedicated to corporate social responsibility in global supply chains. The Company s subcontractors and direct materials suppliers are required to be ISO 14001 and ISO 450001 certified (or comparable) and must complete and sign the Company s supplier requirements. The Company has also established an internal ESG Steering Committee that provides oversight of ESG risks and opportunities, guides the Company through our multi-year emissions reduction plan, and works to ensure suppliers comply with the Company s commitment to global sustainability. 
 As part of the Company s commitment to reduce the environmental impact of our products throughout the lifecycle, we are investing in innovation as well as measuring and tracking emissions, waste, and water usage across facilities. The Company has implemented several energy, water, and waste reduction projects across our facilities and established an environmental policy, climate change policy, and water policy. We are also taking steps to actively manage the carbon footprint of our operations (i.e., our Scope 1 and 2 emissions) and have participated in the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) questionnaires on climate change and water security since 2018. We also strive to adhere to international standards and regulations regarding manufacturing and business procedures and product composition. 
 Sales, Marketing and Customer Support 
 We sell our products worldwide through multiple sales channels, including through our direct sales force and through distributors and independent sales representatives, which resell our products to numerous end customers. We have a geographically diverse mix of sales. Our net sales made to distributors accounted for approximately 39.3 , 36.8 and 37.3 of our net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding our distribution relationship with Sanken in Japan, which represented approximately 16.5 , 19.4 and 17.7 of our net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales to our largest, non-affiliated distributor accounted for 10.8 , 11.0 , and 11.4 of our net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of April 1, 2023, we have transitioned the distribution of our products in Japan from Sanken to third-party distributors and direct to end customers. 
 13 

Our direct sales force and applications engineers provide our customers with specialized technical support. We believe that maintaining a close relationship with our customers and serving their specific technical needs improves their level of satisfaction and enables us to anticipate and influence their future product needs. We provide ongoing technical training to our distributor and sales representatives to keep them informed of our existing and new products. 
 We maintain an internal marketing organization that is responsible for increasing our brand awareness and promoting our products to prospective customers. This includes the creative management of our website, market research and analytics, and development of demand generation strategies and materials, such as product announcements, press releases, brochures, training and videos, as well as securing thought leadership through published technical and trend articles and advertisements, and active engagement in key industry events. 
 Customers 
 We sell our products to major global OEMs and their key suppliers, primarily in the automotive and industrial markets. We sold to more than 10,000 end customers, directly and through distributors, during each of fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. Approximately half of our net sales during each of fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 were derived from sales to our top 20 customers, which includes distributors. We believe that no end customer, including those served through our distributors, exceeded 10 of our net sales during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 Research and Development Strategy 
 We are a technology company, and we believe our future success depends on our ability to rapidly develop and introduce differentiated new products in our target markets. As a result, we are committed to investing in our process and product development capabilities and focusing our engineering efforts on designing and introducing new application-specific products, developing new semiconductor process and packaging technologies, enhancing design productivity and evaluating new technologies. Our research and development investments are subject to a rigorous ROI review to ensure alignment with our growth and profitability targets. We believe that by effectively applying these resources, we have developed proprietary innovations and intellectual property that will give us an early lead in our target markets and will enable accelerated growth over time. 
 Over the last 10 years, we believe we have been instrumental in achieving fundamental developments that have enabled a number of key technology transitions in the automotive and industrial markets. We believe we are one of very few suppliers in the semiconductor industry to integrate proprietary motor control algorithms into our motion control devices to achieve optimized BLDC motor performance, we remain one of the few suppliers that has developed multiple packaging technologies capable of operating up to 175 degrees Celsius and including passive components and high current conductors required to make high efficiency, high voltage current sensor products, and we were one of the first in our industry to develop automotive grade xMR technology on silicon wafers, which enabled breakthrough advances in product performance. This advanced technology is a key enabler across all of our strategic focus areas in the automotive and industrial markets as more of the e-Mobility and clean energy markets transition to xMR. 
 
 We augment our internally generated intellectual property through a mix of licensed intellectual property, partnering with industry experts, and through acquisitions. For example, we acquired our IGD business through an acquisition in fiscal year 2022. This acquisition will expand our serviceable available market in EV and clean energy. 
 Our global team of highly skilled engineers has extensive semiconductor development experience, including expertise in analog design, test and process technology. As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately 655 employees dedicated to research and development, with centers in the United States, Europe, South America, and Asia. Our engineering team has contributed to nearly doubling our intellectual property portfolio over the last three years, further strengthening our position in our target markets. 
 We have also made significant investments in our core engineering capabilities, including improvements in tools to support greater engineering efficiency, electrical component modeling, magnetic performance modeling and thermal distribution modeling. We believe these improved tools enable us to more accurately predict the performance of our designs, resulting in improved time-to-market for our products and satisfaction of our customers. 
 Our focus on meeting or exceeding the stringent automotive market safety and reliability requirements is fundamental to our research and development process. We anticipate that we will continue to make research and development investments in order to enhance our leadership position and expand our markets with innovative, high-quality products and services (as exemplified through our acquisition of Heyday). In addition, our board of directors has a standing R D and Strategy 
 14 

Committee, whose purpose is to provide guidance to management on various technological choices and research and development priorities to assist in implementing our strategic direction. 
 Process and Packaging Technology 
 Our product and technology development engineers have long-established expertise in designing mixed signal power ICs and magnetic sensor ICs using proprietary semiconductor process technologies and intelligent packaging. We consider these capabilities to be strategically important because they allow us to create complete system products and highly integrated solutions that meet the quality and robustness requirements of our most stringent automotive customers and applications. These have the benefit of advancing the feature, function and cost of ownership of our devices relative to those of our competitors. For example, we released a unique 100V- and 175-degree Celsius capable BCD wafer technology designed to handle automotive voltage and temperature transients while also integrating high-density logic circuits and electrically erasable programmable read-only memory to enable configurable and embedded algorithms, and various Hall-effect and xMR transducer technology on the same silicon wafer. These technologies are fundamental to the transition from 12-volt to 48-volt power supply required in the rapidly emerging mild HEV and EV markets, and to the next generation of ADAS systems. We are in the process of applying these capabilities to the industrialization of our IGD portfolio. 
 In choosing the process technology to be used to manufacture a new product, we seek to optimize the match between the process technology and the desired performance parameters of the product for our customers. Our current strategic semiconductor process innovations include the following: 
 Automotive Quality and Safety 
 We have developed, characterized and qualified our wafer and package technologies to meet or exceed the rigorous automotive requirements that our customers demand. Robust development processes and guidelines have resulted in devices capable of exceeding the requirements of AEC Q100 Automotive Grade 0 of 150 degrees Celsius, and our field failure rates are consistent with or better than customer requirements. 
 Integrated Transducers 
 One of our fundamental innovations is the integration of magnetic transducers and complementary metal oxide semiconductor circuitry into one piece of silicon to create a complete, fully integrated system. Hall-effect elements are implanted in silicon providing robust and low noise solutions that are optimized for stress and temperature effects. Thin film, high-resolution xMR transducers are deposited directly on top of the CMOS circuitry creating a more reliable solution than multi-chip solutions by reducing interconnects and solution area. To achieve the highest level of Automotive Safety Integrity Level ASIL ), we are able to integrate xMR and Hall-effect transducers onto the same silicon to produce heterogeneous solutions capable of performing reliably in the most demanding automotive environments. 
 High-Voltage Technology 
 Our intellectual property developed over years of experience in automotive applications includes advanced mixed-signal integration of high-voltage solutions with our high-precision analog designs. For example, our innovative wafer technology enables high-voltage power transistors to be combined with embedded digital logic and precision analog circuits on a monolithic motor control IC. This enables a number of application-specific advancements, including taking the complex algorithm development in motor drivers into the IC, vastly reducing our customers design complexity and creating the most efficient and quietest solutions in the market. Similar benefits exist for our sensor products through monolithic integration of transducers with precision analog circuits and intelligent signal processing on a high-voltage IC that can be powered from a 12-volt vehicle battery. 
 Advanced, Small Form Factor Integrated Packages 
 We continue to combine circuit design and process innovation with novel packaging solutions that improve performance and reliability while reducing solution footprint and our customers cost of ownership. Two decades of sensor package innovation have led to the development of a family of integrated systems in a package for magnetic current, position and speed sensor ICs as well as power systems. By integrating a combination of a magnet, magnetic core, passive components, and our silicon integrated circuit in a single body, we are able to offer inventive magnetic sensors that reduce our customers needs to design complex magnetic models or complex interface circuits, solve electrical interference issues with external PCBs, and enable smaller and more cost-effective customer systems. The current sensors integrate specially designed lead frames to allow a high-precision, factory programmed single package solution that provides a unique high-efficiency and high-voltage isolation product and can sense current for products plugged directly into a household electrical outlet or connected to an 800-volt automotive battery. Years of design and manufacturing refinement have led to the latest 
 15 

generation of power products that integrate passive components and power delivery into small packages to reduce PCB footprint and reduce noise in high-power systems. We also believe we are one of only a few companies in our industry that have developed a broad portfolio of packages that are suitable for operation in automotive environments and 175-degree Celsius temperatures. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We consider the strength of our intellectual property portfolio to be a significant competitive advantage. Our intellectual property includes patented inventions, trade secrets, accumulated technical know-how and trademarks. As of March 31, 2023, we o w ned 1,371 patents, including 742 active U.S. patents (with expiration dates between 2023 and 2042), with an additional 357 pending patent applications, including 154 U.S. patent applications. 
 We market our products worldwide under the Allegro name. We either hold or have applied for trademarks in all jurisdictions where we do significant business. 
 Competition 
 The semiconductor industry, particularly the market for high-performance analog mixed-signal semiconductors, is highly competitive. Although no one company competes with us across all of our product lines, we face significant competition within each of our business areas from both domestic and international semiconductor companies. Our primary magnetic sensor and power IC competitors are other semiconductor design and manufacturers, such as Analog Devices, Infineon, Melexis, Monolithic Power Systems, TDK Micronas, and Texas Instruments. 
 Our ability to compete successfully against these companies depends on elements both within and outside of our control. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and management resources than we have. These competitive advantages may enable them to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements, or better position them to withstand adverse economic or market conditions. 
 We believe we can successfully compete against these organizations in our target markets by leveraging our design expertise, market leadership position, proprietary manufacturing processes, custom packaging capabilities and close customer relationships. In addition, we compete in our target markets to varying degrees on the basis of a number of competitive factors, including: 
 time to market; 
 system and application expertise; 
 product quality and reliability; 
 quality systems and support; 
 product features and performance; 
 proprietary technology; 
 production capacity; and 
 solution price. 
 We believe we currently compete favorably with respect to these factors. However, we cannot assure you that our products will continue to compete favorably or that we will be successful in the face of increasing competition from new products and enhancements introduced by existing competitors or new competitors entering our markets. See Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business and Industry We face intense competition and may not be able to compete effectively, which could reduce our market share and decrease our net sales and profitability. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business exhibits some seasonality. Historically, our net sales have generally been higher in the second half of the fiscal year than in the first half. However, various factors, such as market conditions, new product introductions and the supply chain environment, can impact the effects of seasonality on our business. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 Our employees are our most valuable assets. They contribute to Allegro s success and, in particular, the skilled and experienced employees within our manufacturing, sales, service, research and development and quality assurance departments are instrumental in driving operational execution and strong financial performance, advancing innovation and maintaining a strong quality and compliance program. 
 16 

As of March 31, 2023, we emplo yed 4,687 full-time employees, including 655 in research and development, 3,578 in manufacturing (the overwhelming majority located at our AMPI Facility in the Philippines), 221 in sales and marketing and 233 in general and administrative. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good, as we have never experienced a labor-related work stoppage. None of our employees are either represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 The success and growth of Allegro s business is dependent in large part on our ability to attract, retain and develop a diverse population of talented and high-performing employees at all levels of our organization. For our research, engineering and production management positions, we require employees with university and graduate-level degrees. As of March 31, 2023, 1,977 of our employees held university and graduate-level degrees, of which 876 of these employees were located outside of our factory locations. Globally, the demand for employees with such levels of education is high and competitive. 
 To succeed in these conditions, Allegro implements key recruitment and retention strategies, objectives and effectiveness measures as part of the overall management of our business. These core strategies are advanced through the following programs, policies and initiatives: 
 Competitive Pay and Benefits . Allegro s compensation programs are designed to align the compensation of our employees, who operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging environment, with Allegro s business performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve superior performance. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term and long-term performance. Specifically: 
 We provide employee wages that are competitive and consistent with employees positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location. 
 All non-sales employees participate in one of our annual cash incentive programs, allowing them to share in the profitability and business performance of Allegro. We also generally provide equity grants globally and an employee stock purchase plan to salaried employees consistent with geographic compensation practices and subject to regulatory compliance. In the U.S., we offer an employee stock purchase plan to our non-executive employees, which allows them to purchase shares of Allegro stock at a discounted price. These programs each further align our employees financial interests with the performance of the business and the interests of our stockholders. 
 We generally provide annual compensation increases and incentive awards based on business and individual performance. 
 All customer-facing positions participate in our annual sales incentive plan, allowing them to earn additional cash incentives based on the achievement of specific sales metrics. 
 We purchase compensation data from external compensation and benefits consulting firms to allow us to ensure we provide competitive compensation in each of the geographic locations in which we operate. 
 We align our executives annual and long-term equity compensation with our stockholders interests by linking realizable pay with Allegro s stock performance and other key business and financial operating metrics. 
 We provide comprehensive benefit options designed to retain our employees and support their families in all areas of health and wellness. 
 Employee recruitment, retention and development. Allegro works diligently to attract the best talent from a broad array of sources to meet the current and future demands of our business. We have established relationships with world-class colleges and universities, professional associations and industry groups to proactively attract talented and capable new hires. We also utilize social media, local job fairs and educational organizations to find diverse, motivated and responsible employees. We believe we have made strides to increase diversity in management positions, while building internal resources to support future leadership openings. Allegro has a strong employee value proposition that leverages our technology leadership, collaborative working environment, shared sense of purpose and culture, and the desire to do the right thing to attract talent to our Company. In fiscal 2023, we hired approximately 1,103 new employees. 
 We closely monitor employee turnover rates, as our success depends upon retaining and investing in our highly trained manufacturing and technical staff. Allegro strives to decrease voluntary turnover rates and thereby increase employee tenure by ensuring a combination of competitive compensation, individual developmental opportunities and personal career enrichment and growth. We strive to provide an inclusive culture where employees can come to work and achieve their personal best. We provide a Flex@Allegro program to allow our employees the opportunity to decide where and how work gets accomplished. This flexible work arrangement enables our employees to achieve better work and life balance, and helps us to attract and retain talent. We believe our retention at the technical, professional and managerial levels is high. 
 17 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion . We are committed to cultivating a diverse workforce composed of individuals with different backgrounds, passions, and skillsets, as we work together to innovate with purpose. We understand that a holistic commitment to diversity necessitates more than recruiting diverse talent it requires the cultivation of a workforce that is safe, creative, and collaborative, and where there are equitable opportunities for every employee. We established a DEI Council that globally represents our workforce and helps guide our DEI efforts and expand our DEI roadmap. We established two new employee resource groups (ERGs), Early Career and Women@Allegro. We have organizational metrics to monitor senior leadership, management, hiring and technical hiring by gender globally. We measure our population and hiring by race and ethnicity in the U.S. 
 Information about our Executive Officers. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of May 25, 2023: 
 Name Age Position with the Company Vineet Nargolwala 50 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 Derek P. D'Antilio 
 51 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Sharon S. Briansky 
 49 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
 Michael C. Doogue 
 47 Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer 
 Max R. Glover 
 41 Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales 
 Suman Narayan 51 Senior Vice President, Products Joanne M. Valente 58 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Vineet Nargolwala has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our board of directors since he joined Allegro in June 2022. Mr. Nargolwala is a technology executive with over 25 years of global executive leadership experience. Prior to joining Allegro, Mr. Nargolwala previously served as Executive Vice President of Sensing Solutions at Sensata Technologies, a leading industrial technology company that develops sensors and sensor-based solutions for the automotive, heavy vehicle and off-road, industrial, and aerospace industries, from March 2020 to May 2022. Mr. Nargolwala joined Sensata as Vice President, Sensors Americas in February 2013 and was later promoted to Senior Vice President, Performance Sensing, North America, Japan and Korea in April 2016. In February 2019, he was appointed Senior Vice President, General Manager, Global Safety Mobility, and in September 2019, he was appointed Senior Vice President, Sensing Solutions. Prior to Sensata, he was with Honeywell International Inc. for over nine years in business strategy and P L leadership roles of increasing responsibility. Prior to Honeywell, Mr. Nargolwala was at Nortel Networks in product management and engineering roles. Mr. Nargolwala holds a Bachelor s degree in Electrical Engineering from Maharaja Sayajirao University in Baroda, India, a Master s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Texas and a Master of Business Administration from Cornell University. 
 Derek P. D Antilio has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since he joined Allegro in January 2022. Prior to joining Allegro, Mr. D Antilio served as the Chief Financial Officer of a Summit Partners Portfolio Company and helped lead the sale and recapitalization of the company. From February 2019 to March 2021, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of IDEX Biometrics, a publicly traded and global fabless semiconductor company, where he played an instrumental role in leading a Nasdaq listing and preparing the company to scale its production. Prior to IDEX Biometrics, Mr. D Antilio spent eight years at MKS Instruments, a global equipment and service provider to semiconductor and industrial markets and held numerous leadership roles, including Vice President Corporate Controller, where he oversaw global accounting and reporting, FP A, and treasury. Earlier in his career, Mr. D Antilio was a CPA in public accounting and served as an audit manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. D Antilio holds a B.S.B.A. in Accounting from Salem State University and an M.B.A. from Babson College. 
 Sharon S. Briansky has served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since she joined Allegro in December 2021. Prior to joining Allegro, Ms. Briansky served as the Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary at Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher from 2017 to 2021. Prior to that she served as Vice President, Associate General Counsel at Thermo Fisher from 2005 to 2017. Ms. Briansky received a B.A. in Political Science from the University of North Carolina in 1995 and a J.D. from Boston University School of Law in 1998. 
 Michael C. Doogue has served as our Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, since being named as the Company s first Chief Technology Officer in September 2022 . Mr. Doogue joined Allegro in 1998 as a Design Engineer facilitating the development of Allegro s innovative speed and current sensor ICs. Mr. Doogue has also served in various 
 18 

leadership positions at Allegro, including as Design Manager from 2002 to 2006, Director of Strategic Marketing from 2006 to 2011, Business Unit Director of Linear Current Sensors from 2011 to 2016, Vice President of Advanced Sensor Technologies from 2016 to 2019, and as Senior Vice President of Technology and Products since from 2019 to 2022. Mr. Doogue holds over 75 U.S. patents in the areas of sensors and semiconductors. Mr. Doogue received a B.A. in Physics from Colby College in 1997 and a B.E. in Electrical Engineering from Dartmouth College in 1998. In 2007, Mr. Doogue completed the Stanford Executive Program at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. 
 Max R. Glover has served as our Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales since he joined Allegro i n 2019. Prior to joining Allegro, Mr. Glover served as the General Manager of the Automotive Sales Group at Intel Corporation, a computing, networking, data storage, and communications solutions company from 2016 to 2019. Mr. Glover also served as Intel Corporation s Director of Sales from 2013 to 2016, and also served in various leadership, sales, marketing and engineering roles from 2001 to 2013. Mr. Glover received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Cincinnati in 2004. 
 Suman Narayan was appointed Senior Vice President, Products, in September 2022. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Sensor Business Unit, since joining the Company in January of 2021. Before joining Allegro, Mr. Narayan was Senior Vice President and General Manager, Semiconductor and Embedded Systems, for Cyient, Inc., a global engineering, manufacturing, and digital technology solutions company, from 2016 to 2021. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and General Manager, High-Performance Smart Power, for ON Semiconductor Corporation from 2014 to 2016 and held roles of increasing seniority with Texas Instruments Inc. from 1995 to 2014. Mr. Narayan holds an M.B.A., from The University of Texas, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering and Biomedical Engineering, from Iowa State University, and a B.S., Electrical, Electronics and Communications Engineering from PSG College of Technology, in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. 
 Joanne M. Valente has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer CHRO since May 2022. Prior to her promotion, Ms. Valente served as the Company s Vice President and CHRO from October 2020 to May 2022. Prior to that, she served as Director, Global Human Resources/Senior Human Resources Business Partner when she joined the Company in 2018. Prior to Allegro, Ms. Valente worked at Analog Devices, serving in a variety of global Human Resources Director roles across Sales, Marketing, Engineering and Talent Acquisition from 2007 to 2018. Additionally, Ms. Valente has held various Human Resources leadership positions during her career with IBM, Lotus Development Corp. and Digital Equipment Corporation, working across multiple high-tech industries. Ms. Valente earned her Bachelor s degree in Management from Lesley University in Cambridge, MA, in 1992. 
 Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Regulation 
 We are committed to protecting the environment and the health and safety of our employees, customers, and communities. Our Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) Policy outlines policies and training programs that are designed to promote and protect employee safety. Our EHS teams oversee workplace conditions for our employees. All Allegro EHS policies and procedures are developed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Our AMPI Facility is certified to ISO 45001 for environmental management and ISO 45001 for occupational health and safety. 
 Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local, international and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing pollution and environmental protection, including those relating to hazardous and toxic materials, product composition and the investigation and cleanup of contaminated sites, including sites we currently or formerly owned or operated, due to the release of hazardous materials, regardless of whether we caused such release. In addition, we may be strictly liable for joint and several costs associated with investigation and remediation of sites at which we have arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes if such sites become contaminated, even if we fully comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. We are also subject to various federal, state, local, international and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations may subject us to significant fines or other civil or criminal costs, obligations, sanctions or property damage or personal injury claims, or suspension of our facilities operating permits. In addition, in the event of an incident involving hazardous materials, we could be liable for damages and such liability could exceed the amount of any liability insurance coverage and the resources of our business. Compliance with current or future environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations could restrict our ability to expand our business or require us to modify processes or incur other substantial expenses which could harm our business. 
 We face increasing complexity in our product design and procurement operations due to the evolving nature of environmental laws regulations and standards, as well as specific customer requirements. These laws, regulations and standards have an impact on the material composition of our products entering specific markets. For example, the European Union EU adopted its Restriction of Hazardous Substance Directive RoHS in 2003 and continues to develop evolving compliance standards, with its most recent restrictions announced as part of RoHS 3, which took effect in July 2019. The EU also adopted the European Regulation on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals in 2007, 
 19 

which calls for the progressive substitution of dangerous chemicals in manufacturing. In 2006, China first published its RoHS equivalent, the Administrative Measures on the Control of Pollution Cause by Electronic Information Products. This regulation was revised in 2016 when China enacted the Administrative Measures on the Restrictions of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Products Regulations, which expanded the scope of the 2006 requirements and is designed to restrict additional hazardous substance in certain electrical and electronic products. In addition, any business selling products to consumers in California containing certain listed chemicals or substances is subject to California Proposition 65 (officially known as the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986), which requires disclosure of the listed chemical and potential health risks. In addition to these regulations and directives, we may face costs and liabilities in connection with product take-back legislation, which holds manufacturers responsible for the collection and proper disposal of their products discarded by their customers. 
 Although we incur costs to comply with the provisions discussed above and other applicable federal, state, local, international and non-U.S. laws and regulations relating to environmental protection in the ordinary course of our business, such costs have not materially affected, and are not presently expected to materially affect, our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports and any amendments to those reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Documents we file with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at https://investors.allegromicro.com/financials/sec-filings , as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is filed with the SEC. The information included on or available through our website is not part of this or any other report we file with the SEC. Any document that we file with the SEC is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 An investment in our common stock involves risks. You should consider these risks carefully, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report. If any of these risks occurs or increases in scope or severity, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed materially. In that event, the trading price of our common stock might decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. You should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not believed by us to be material may also negatively impact us. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following summary description sets forth an overview of the material risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full risk factor discussion immediately following this summary description. Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by any of the following material risks: 
 the effect of downturns or volatility in general economic conditions; 
 intense competition in the global semiconductor industry; 
 reliance on a limited number of third-party semiconductor wafer fabrication facilities and suppliers of other materials for our production; 
 failure to adjust our purchase commitments and inventory management based on changing market conditions or customer demand; 
 shifts in our product mix or customer mix may result in declines in gross margin; 
 the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry may limit our ability to maintain or improve profitability; 
 we are vulnerable to downturns or disruptions in the automotive market given our customer base; 
 decreases in average selling prices of our products and increases in input costs may reduce gross margins; 
 third-party wafer fabrication facilities may encounter sustained yield problems, disruptions, or other delays in the final assembly and test of our products which may reduce sales and damage customer relationships; 
 our quarterly net sales and operating results are difficult to predict accurately and may fluctuate significantly from period to period; 
 our dependence on our manufacturing operations in the Philippines exposes us to certain risks that may harm our business; 
 20 

a significant portion of our net sales is generated through distributors; 
 events beyond our control could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition; 
 failure to timely and cost-effectively develop new product features or new products that address customer preferences; 
 ability to effectively manage our growth; 
 dependence on growth in the end markets that use our products; 
 the loss of one or more significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business; 
 our ability to meet customer quality requirements; 
 the nature of the design win process requires us to incur expenses with no guarantee of net sales or sufficient margins; 
 changes in government trade policies, including export restrictions and tariffs; 
 potential warranty claims, product liability claims, and product recalls could harm the business; 
 our dependence on international customers and operations subjects us to a range of regulatory, operational, financial and political risks; 
 end-user demand for certain green energy products often depends on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives; 
 our ability to obtain government authorization to export certain of our products could adversely impact our net sales and our ability to comply with applicable export control laws and regulations; 
 changing currency exchange rates may adversely affect our business; 
 our ability to raise capital in the future; 
 our indebtedness may limit our flexibility to operate our business; 
 our ability to retain key and highly skilled personnel to operate our business; 
 risks associated with information technology, intellectual property, and data security and privacy; 
 risks related to compliance with various governmental laws and regulations; 
 our principal stockholders, Sanken and One Equity Partners OEP ), have substantial control over us; 
 the inapplicability of the corporate opportunity doctrine to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us; 
 provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and under the DGCL may prevent or discourage a takeover; 
 our inability to design, implement or maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 
 the changes in tax rates or the issuance of new tax legislation; 
 sustained inflation could negatively impact our business; 
 disruptions in the banking and financial sector could limit our or our partners ability to access capital and borrowings or result in losses of uninsured deposits; and 
 climate change presents physical, transition, and litigation risks that could disrupt our business operations and force us to incur increased costs and expenses. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 Downturns or volatility in general economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Our net sales, gross margin, and profitability depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which our customers compete. Weaknesses in the global economy and financial markets, including resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or the onset of a recession, may lead to lower demand for products that incorporate our solutions, particularly in the automotive and industrial markets. A decline in end-user demand can affect our customers demand for our products, the ability of our customers to obtain credit and otherwise meet their payment obligations and the 
 21 

likelihood of customers canceling or deferring existing orders. Our net sales, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by such actions. 
 Volatile and/or uncertain economic conditions, as well as inflationary pressures, can adversely impact sales, gross margin and profitability and make it difficult for us to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. To the extent expected favorable economic conditions do not materialize or take longer to materialize than expected, we may face an oversupply of our products and have excess inventory, which could result in charges for excess and obsolete inventory. Conversely, if we underestimate customer demand, we may fail to meet customer needs, which could impair our customer relationships. 
 In addition, any disruption in the credit markets, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or the onset of a recession, could impede our access to capital, which could be further adversely affected if we are unable to obtain or maintain favorable credit ratings. If we have limited access to additional financing sources, we may be required to defer capital expenditures or seek other sources of liquidity, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Similarly, if our suppliers face challenges in obtaining credit or other financial difficulties, they may be unable to provide the materials we need to manufacture our products. All of these factors related to global economic conditions, which are beyond our control, could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 We face intense competition and may not be able to compete effectively, which could reduce our market share and decrease our net sales and profitability. 
 We are in an intensely competitive segment of the global semiconductor industry. Our competitive landscape includes rapid technological change in product design and manufacturing, continuous declines in ASPs, and customers who make purchase decisions based on a mix of factors of varying importance, which varies from customer-to-customer and from market-to-market. Our ability to compete in this environment depends on many factors, including our ability to identify emerging markets and technology trends in an accurate and timely manner, introduce new and innovative products, implement new manufacturing technologies at a sustainable pace, maintain the performance and quality of our products, and manufacture our products in a cost-effective manner. 
 Often, we compete against larger companies that possess substantial financial, technical, development, engineering, manufacturing and marketing resources. Varying combinations of these resources provide advantages to these competitors that enable them to influence industry trends and the pace at which they adapt to these trends. A strong competitive response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a shift in customer preferences to competitors products, could result in increased pressure to lower our prices more rapidly than anticipated, increased sales and marketing expense, and/or market share loss. To the extent our profitability is negatively impacted by competitive pressures and reduced pricing, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We rely on a limited number of third-party semiconductor wafer fabrication facilities and a limited number of suppliers of other materials, and the failure of any of these suppliers to supply wafers or other materials on a timely basis could harm our business and our financial results. 
 We currently rely on a limited number of third-party wafer fabrication facilities for the fabrication of semiconductor wafers used in the manufacture of our IC products, primarily UMC, PSL, and TSMC, and we purchase a number of key materials and components used in the manufacture of our products from single or limited sources. We depend on these foundries and other sources to meet our production needs. These foundries have limited production capacities with little ability to quickly expand capacity. From time to time we have encountered shortages and delays in obtaining wafers and other components and materials, and we may encounter additional shortages and delays in the future. For example, in early 2022, a spike in COVID-19 cases in multiple cities in China caused the Chinese government to reimpose lockdown measures, which negatively impacted our supply chains and our customers supply chains, as well as customer demand for our products, and these shutdowns may recur in the future. Additionally, two of our third-party wafer fabrication facilities are located in Taiwan, a location where earthquakes are commonplace, and geopolitical changes in China-Taiwan relations could disrupt their operations. Any disruption in our foundries supply of wafers to us may require us to transfer manufacturing processes to a new location or facility. Converting or transferring such fabrication processes from one of our primary facilities to an alternative or backup facility due to a disruption would likely be expensive and could take substantial time, given our highly complex manufacturing and fabrication processes, which incorporate our proprietary technologies. During such a transition, it is unlikely that our existing inventory would be sufficient to meet customer demand and would likely require us to incur unanticipated costs. As a result, we may not be able to meet our customers needs during such a transition, which would negatively impact our net sales, potentially damage our customer relationships and our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we cannot supply our products due to a lack of 
 22 

components, including semiconductor wafers, or are unable to source materials from other suppliers or to redesign products with other components in a timely manner, our business will be significantly harmed. We do not have long-term contracts with some of our suppliers and third-party manufacturers. As a result, any such supplier or third-party manufacturer can discontinue supplying components or materials to us at any time and without penalty. Moreover, we depend on the quality of the wafers and other components and materials that they supply to us, over which we have limited control. Any one or more of our other suppliers may become financially unstable as the result of global market conditions. Moreover, our suppliers abilities to meet our requirements could be impaired or interrupted by factors beyond their control, such as natural disasters or other disruptions. In the event that any one or more of our suppliers is unable or unwilling to deliver us products and we are unable to identify alternative sources of supply for such materials or components on a timely basis, our operations may be adversely affected. In addition, even if we identify any such alternative sources of supply, we could experience delays in testing, evaluating and validating materials or products of potential alternative suppliers or products we obtain through outsourcing. Qualifying new contract manufacturers, and specifically semiconductor foundries, is time consuming and might result in unforeseen manufacturing and operations problems. Furthermore, financial or other difficulties faced by our suppliers, or significant changes in demand for the components or materials they use in the products they supply to us, could limit the availability of those products, components or materials to us. We are also subject to potential delays in the development by our suppliers of key components, which may affect our ability to introduce new products. Any of these problems or delays could damage our relationships with our customers, adversely affect our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to grow our business. 
 Failure to adjust our purchase commitments and inventory management based on changing market conditions or customer demand could result in an inability to meet customer demand or additional charges for obsolete or excess inventories or non-cancellable purchase commitments. 
 We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, levels of reliance on outsourced contract manufacturing, personnel needs and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer requirements. The short-term nature of the commitments by many of our customers and the possibility of rapid changes in demand for their products reduce our ability to accurately estimate future requirements of our customers. On occasion, our customers may require rapid increases in production, which can challenge our resources. We may not have sufficient capacity at any given time to meet our customers demands. Conversely, downturns in the semiconductor industry have in the past caused, and may in the future, cause our customers to significantly reduce the amount of products ordered from us. Because many of our sales, research and development, and manufacturing expenses are relatively fixed, a reduction in customer demand may decrease our gross margins and operating income. 
 In addition, we base many of our operating decisions, and enter into purchase commitments, on the basis of anticipated net sales trends which are highly unpredictable. Some of our purchase commitments are not cancellable, and in some cases we are required to recognize a charge representing the amount of material or capital equipment purchased or ordered which exceeds our actual requirements. For example, we have noncancellable purchase commitments with vendors and take-or-pay agreements with certain of our third-party wafer fabrication partners, under which we are required to purchase a minimum number of wafers per year or face financial penalties. These types of commitments and agreements could reduce our ability to adjust our inventory to address declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges. If net sales in future periods fall substantially below our expectations, or if we fail to accurately forecast changes in demand mix, we could again be required to record substantial charges for obsolete or excess inventories or noncancellable purchase commitments. 
 Moreover, during a market upturn we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or components to meet increasing product demand, which could prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities and maximizing our net sales. Our failure to adjust our supply chain volume, secure sufficient supply from our third-party vendors, including our semiconductor wafer suppliers, or estimate our customers demand could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Shifts in our product mix or customer mix may result in declines in gross margin. 
 Gross margins on individual products fluctuate over the product s life cycle. Our overall gross margins have fluctuated from period to period as a result of shifts in product mix, customer mix, the introduction of new products, decreases in ASPs for older products and our ability to reduce product costs. In addition, in periods of high demand for some of our products, we may have to source a portion of materials from higher-cost providers, which may decrease overall gross margin. These fluctuations are expected to continue in the future. 
 23 

The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry may limit our ability to maintain or improve our net sales and profitability. 
 The semiconductor industry, including the analog segment of the industry in which we compete, is highly cyclical and is prone to significant downturns from time to time. Cyclical downturns can result from a variety of market forces, which can result in significant declines in analog semiconductor demand. We have experienced downturns in the past and may experience such downturns in the future. These downturns have been characterized by diminished product demand, production overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated erosion of ASPs. Recent downturns in the semiconductor industry had been attributed to a variety of factors, including the initial onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, ongoing trade disputes among the United States and China, weakness in demand and pricing for semiconductors across applications and excess inventory. Recent downturns directly impacted our business, as was the case with many other companies, suppliers, distributors and customers in the semiconductor industry and other industries around the world, and any prolonged or significant future downturns in the semiconductor industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, significant upturns can cause us to be unable to satisfy demand in a timely and cost-efficient manner and could result in increased competition for access to third-party foundry and assembly capacity. In the event of such an upturn, we may not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner, procure adequate resources and raw materials, including semiconductor wafers from our third-party wafer manufacturing partners, or locate suitable third-party suppliers or other third-party subcontractors to respond effectively to changes in demand for our existing or new products, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Substantial portions of our sales are made to automotive industry suppliers. Any downturn or disruption in the automotive market or industry could significantly harm our financial results. 
 Our customers that supply various systems and components to automotive OEMs accounted for 67.6 , 69.2 and 67.4 of our total net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This concentration of sales exposes us to the risks associated with the automotive market and automotive industry. For example, our anticipated future growth is highly dependent on the adoption of autonomous driving technologies and EV powertrain vehicles, which are expected to have increased sensor and power product content. A downturn in the automotive market could delay automakers plans to introduce new vehicles with these features, which would negatively impact the demand for our products and our ability to grow our business. The automotive industry is also undergoing consolidation, reorganization and rapid change as a result of a shift to EVs, and changes and disruption in the automotive industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Decreases in average selling prices of our products and increases in input costs may reduce our gross margins. 
 The market for our products is generally characterized by declining ASPs, resulting from factors such as increased competition, overcapacity, the introduction of new products and increased unit volumes. We have in the past experienced, and in the future may experience, substantial period-to-period fluctuations in operating results due to declining ASPs. We anticipate that ASPs may decrease in the future in response to the introduction of new products by us or our competitors, or due to other factors, including pricing pressures from our customers. We typically conduct annual pricing negotiations for our existing products with some of our largest customers. In order to sustain profitable operations, we must continually reduce costs for our existing products and also develop and introduce new products with enhanced features on a timely basis that can be sold initially at higher ASPs. Failure to do so could cause our net sales and gross margins to decline, which would negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations and could significantly harm our business. In addition, as a result of the recent increase in semiconductor IC demand, supply chain issues, material shortages and inflation, the cost of certain materials used to manufacture our products, including for semiconductor wafers, has increased as demand has outpaced supply. 
 We may be unable to reduce the cost of our products sufficiently to enable us to compete with others. Our cost reduction efforts may not allow us to keep pace with competitive pricing pressures given the increased cost of certain materials, such as semiconductor wafers and other raw materials, and could adversely affect our gross margins. We maintain an infrastructure of facilities and human resources in several locations around the world and, as a result, have limited ability to reduce our operating costs. Accordingly, in order to remain competitive, we must continually reduce the cost of manufacturing our products through design and engineering changes. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in redesigning our products and bringing redesigned products to the market in a timely manner, or that any redesign will result in sufficient cost reductions to allow us to reduce the price of our products to remain competitive or maintain or improve our gross margins. To the extent we are unable to reduce the prices of our products and remain competitive, our net sales will 
 24 

likely decline, resulting in further pressure on our gross margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to grow our business. 
 If we encounter sustained yield problems or other delays at our third-party wafer fabrication facilities or in the final assembly and test of our products, we may lose sales and damage our customer relationships. 
 The manufacture of our products, including the fabrication of semiconductor wafers, and the assembly and testing of our products, involve highly complex processes. For example, minute levels of contaminants in the manufacturing environment, difficulties in the wafer fabrication process or other factors can cause a substantial portion of the components on a wafer to be nonfunctional. These problems may be difficult to detect at an early stage of the manufacturing process and often are time-consuming and expensive to correct. From time to time, we have experienced problems in achieving acceptable yields at our third-party wafer fabrication partners, resulting in delays in the availability of components. Moreover, an increase in the rejection rate of products during the quality control process before, during or after manufacture and/or shipping of such products, results in lower yields and margins. In addition, changes in manufacturing processes required as a result of changes in product specifications, changing customer needs and the introduction of new product lines have historically significantly reduced our manufacturing yields, resulting in low or negative margins on those products. Poor manufacturing yields over a prolonged period of time could adversely affect our ability to deliver our products on a timely basis and harm our relationships with customers, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our quarterly net sales and operating results are difficult to predict accurately and may fluctuate significantly from period to period. As a result, we may fail to meet the expectations of investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 We operate in a highly dynamic industry, and our future operating results could be subject to significant fluctuations, particularly on a quarterly basis. Our quarterly net sales and operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to vary from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are not within our control. Although some of our customers, for example those in the automotive industry, provide us with forecasts of their future requirements for our products, a significant percentage of our net sales in each fiscal quarter is dependent on sales that are booked and shipped during that fiscal quarter, and are typically attributable to a large number of orders from diverse customers and markets. As a result, accurately forecasting our operating results in any fiscal quarter is difficult. If our operating results do not meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors, our stock price may decline. Additional factors that can contribute to fluctuations in our operating results include: 
 the rescheduling, increase, reduction or cancellation of significant customer orders; 
 the timing of customer qualification of our products and commencement of volume sales by our customers of systems that include our products; 
 the timing and amount of research and development and sales and marketing expenditures; 
 the rate at which our present and future customers and end users adopt our technologies in our target end markets; 
 the timing and success of the introduction of new products and technologies by us and our competitors, and the acceptance of our new products by our customers; 
 our ability to anticipate changing customer product requirements; 
 our gain or loss of one or more key customers; 
 the availability, cost and quality of materials and components that we purchase from third-party vendors and any problems or delays in the fabrication, assembly, testing or delivery of our products; 
 the availability of production capacity at our third-party wafer fabrication facilities or other third-party subcontractors and other interruptions in the supply chain, including as a result of materials shortages, bankruptcies or other causes; 
 supply constraints for and changes in the cost of the other components incorporated into our customers products; 
 the utilization of our internal manufacturing operations; 
 our ability to reduce the manufacturing costs of our products; 
 fluctuations in manufacturing yields; 
 the changes in our product mix or customer mix; 
 competitive pressures resulting in lower-than-expected ASPs; 
 the timing of expenses related to the acquisition of technologies or businesses; 
 25 

product rates of return or price concessions in excess of those expected or forecasted; 
 the emergence of new industry standards; 
 product obsolescence; 
 unexpected inventory write-downs or write-offs; 
 costs associated with litigation over intellectual property rights and other litigation; 
 the length and unpredictability of the purchasing and budgeting cycles of our customers; 
 loss of key personnel or the inability to attract qualified engineers; 
 the quality of our products and any remediation costs; 
 adverse changes in economic conditions in various geographic areas where we or our customers do business; 
 sustained inflation and disruptions in the banking and financial sector; 
 the general industry conditions and seasonal patterns in our target end markets, particularly the automotive market; 
 other conditions affecting the timing of customer orders or our ability to fill orders of customers including customers subject to export control or U.S. economic sanctions; and 
 geopolitical events, such as war, threat of war or terrorist actions, or the occurrence of pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease, or natural disasters, and the impact of these events on the factors set forth above. 
 We may experience a delay in generating or recognizing revenues for a number of reasons. Open orders at the beginning of each quarter are typically lower than expected net sales for that quarter and are generally cancellable or reschedulable with minimal notice. Accordingly, we depend on obtaining orders during each quarter for shipment in that quarter to achieve our net sales objectives and failure to fulfill such orders by the end of a quarter may adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, our customer agreements typically provide that the customer may delay scheduled delivery dates and cancel orders within specified timeframes without significant penalty. In addition, we maintain an infrastructure of facilities and human resources in several locations around the world and have a limited ability to reduce the expenses required to maintain such infrastructure. Because we base our operating expenses on anticipated revenue trends and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the short term, any delay in generating or recognizing forecasted net sales or changes in levels of our customers forecasted demand could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Due to our limited ability to reduce expenses, in the event our revenues decline or our net sales do not meet our expectations, it is likely that in some future quarters our operating results will decrease from the previous quarter or fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors. As a result of these factors, our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Accordingly, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not solely be relied upon as indications of future performance. Any shortfall in net sales or net income compared to a previous quarter or to levels expected by the investment community could cause a decline in the trading price of our stock. 
 Our dependence on our manufacturing operations in the Philippines exposes us to certain risks that may harm our business. 
 We rely heavily on the manufacturing operations of the AMPI Facility, which operates as our primary internal assembly and testing facility. We depend primarily on the AMPI Facility for our sensor and power products and, if this facility suspends operations, our ability to assemble and test our products could be materially impaired. Furthermore, any disruption in operations at the AMPI Facility could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand in a timely manner, or at all, which would lead to a reduction in our net sales and may adversely affect our reputation and customer relationships, potentially resulting in longer-term harm to our business. In addition, an earthquake, fire, flood or other natural or man-made disaster, as well as a pandemic, epidemic or other outbreak of infectious disease, strikes, political or civil unrest, or any number of other factors beyond our control could also disable such facility, causing catastrophic losses. Some of these risks may become more frequent or intense as a result of climate change. Although we supplement the assembly capabilities at the AMPI Facility with several other external or independent assembly subcontractors throughout Asia, if our manufacturing operations at the AMPI Facility are obstructed or hampered, it could take a considerable length of time, at an increased cost, for us to resume manufacturing at another location, which could materially harm our manufacturing efficiency and capacity, delay production and shipments and result in costly expenditures to repair or replace this facility. 
 To ensure continued product manufacturing (including assembly and testing of our products), we may be required to establish or invest in alternative manufacturing facilities. Any attempt to establish or invest in alternative manufacturing facilities, however, could increase our costs, negatively affect our profitability, and limit our ability to maintain competitive prices for our products, which would negatively impact our competitive position. To our knowledge, only a few alternative 
 26 

manufacturing facilities have the capability to assemble and test our most advanced and complex products and if we are forced to engage such alternative manufacturing facilities, we may encounter difficulties and incur additional costs. 
 Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to manage the risks and challenges associated with our dependence on the AMPI Facility, and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our net sales are generated through distributors, which subjects us to certain risks. 
 We sell our products worldwide through multiple sales channels, including through our direct sales force, distributors and independent sales representatives, which resell our products to numerous end customers. A significant portion of our net sales are made to distributors, accounting for approximately 39.3 , 36.8 and 37.3 of our net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding our distribution relationship with Sanken in Japan, which represented approximately 16.5 , 19.4 and 17.7 of our net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales to our largest, non-affiliated distributor accounted for 10.8 , 11.0 , and 11.4 of our net sales in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The impairment or termination of our relationships with our distributors, or the failure of these parties to diligently sell our products and comply with applicable laws and regulations, could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue and profits. Because our distributors control the relationships with end customers, if our relationship with any distributor ends, we could also lose our relationships with their customers. In addition, because our distributors do not sell our products exclusively, they may focus their sales efforts and resources on other products that produce better margins or greater commissions for them or are incorporated into a broader strategic relationship with one of their other suppliers. Because we do not control the sales representatives and other employees of our distributors, we cannot guarantee that our sales processes, regulatory compliance and other priorities will be consistently communicated and executed. In addition, we may not have staff in one or more of the locations covered by our distributors, which makes it particularly difficult for us to monitor their performance. While we may take steps to mitigate the risks associated with noncompliance by our distributors, there remains a risk that they will not comply with regulatory requirements or our requirements and policies. Actions by the sales representatives and other employees of our distributors could result in flat or declining sales in a given geographic area, reputational harm to our Company or our products, or legal liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to the risk of losing customers, the operation of local laws and our agreements with our distributors could make it difficult for us to replace a distributor we feel is underperforming. In addition, as discussed above, our distribution relationship with Sanken in Japan has historically accounted for a significant portion of our total net sales. As discussed in Note 20, Related Party Transactions to the consolidated financial statements, as of April 1, 2023 we have transitioned the distribution of our products in Japan from Sanken to third-party distributors and direct to end customers. Though we believe we will be able to build relationships with distributors in Japan, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to realize a similar level of net sales as under our historical arrangements. 
 Events beyond our control could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our ability to make, transport and sell products in coordination with our suppliers, customers (including OEMs), distributors and third-party manufacturers or other subcontractors is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to either our or our key suppliers or manufacturing partners supply, manufacturing or distribution capabilities resulting from weather, freight carrier availability, any potential effects of climate change, natural disaster, disease, fire, explosion, cyber-attacks, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of infectious disease, strikes, civil unrest, repairs or enhancements at facilities manufacturing or distributing our products or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture, sell, and deliver products on a timely basis or at all. Climate change may also increase the frequency or intensity of certain of these risks. For more information, see our risk factor titled Climate change presents physical, transition, and litigation risks that could disrupt our business operations and force us to incur increased costs and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Other companies in our industry may be affected differently by natural disasters or other disruptions depending on the location and concentration of their suppliers, operations and customers. In addition, many of our competitors are larger companies with more substantial financial and other resources and, as a result, may be better able to plan for, withstand or otherwise mitigate the effects of any such disruption. While we may take steps to plan for or address the occurrence of any such event, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful. Our failure to take adequate steps to reduce the likelihood or mitigate the potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a wafer or packaging component is sourced from a limited number of locations or suppliers, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and/or require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 
 27 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business has been, and is expected to continue to be, adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to global macroeconomic effects, the COVID-19 pandemic and related adverse public health developments have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, disruption to our domestic and international operations and sales activities. In addition, we and our suppliers, third-party distributors, sub-contractors and customers have been, and are expected to continue to be, disrupted by worker absenteeism, quarantines and restrictions on certain of our employees ability to perform their jobs, office and factory closures or restrictions, labor shortages, disruptions to ports and other shipping infrastructure, border closures or other travel or health-related restrictions. Depending on the magnitude of such effects, manufacturing and product shipments could be delayed, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Impacts to our customers operations and supply chains could also negatively impact our net sales. In addition, any economic downturn or recession brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic or other health epidemics could adversely affect demand for our products and impact our results of operations and financial condition. These effects, alone or taken together, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 If we fail in a timely and cost-effective manner to develop new product features or new products that address customer preferences and achieve market acceptance, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our customers are constantly seeking new products with more features and functionality at a lower cost, and our success relies heavily on our ability to continue to develop and market to our customers new and innovative products and improvements of existing products. In order to respond to new and evolving customer demands, achieve strong market share and keep pace with new technological, processing and other developments, we must constantly introduce new and innovative products into the market. Although we strive to respond to customer preferences and industry expectations in the development of our products, we may not be successful in developing, introducing or commercializing any new or enhanced products on a timely basis or at all. Further, if initial sales volumes for new or enhanced products do not reach anticipated levels within the time periods we expect, we may be required to engage in additional marketing efforts to promote such products and the costs of developing and commercializing such products may be higher than we predict. Moreover, new and enhanced products may not perform as expected. We may also encounter lower manufacturing yields and longer delivery schedules in commencing volume production of new products that we introduce, which could increase our costs and disrupt our supply of such products. 
 A fundamental shift in technologies, the regulatory climate or demand patterns and preferences in our existing product markets or the product markets of our customers or end-users could make our current products obsolete, prevent or delay the introduction of new products or enhancements to our existing products or render our products irrelevant to our customers needs. If our new product development efforts fail to align with the needs of our customers, including due to circumstances outside of our control like a fundamental shift in the product markets of our customers and end users or regulatory changes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to effectively manage our growth, and we may need to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements of our growth, either of which could harm our business and operating results. 
 To continue to grow, we must continue to expand our operational, engineering, accounting and financial systems, procedures, controls and other internal management systems. This may require substantial managerial and financial resources, and our efforts in this regard may not be successful. Our current systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. Unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with this growth, our operating margins and profitability will be adversely affected. Our failure to adequately manage our growth, improve our operational, financial and management information systems, or effectively motivate and manage our new and future employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We depend on growth in the end markets that use our products. Any slowdown in the growth of these end markets could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our continued success will depend in large part on general economic growth and growth within our target markets in the automotive and industrial sectors. Factors affecting these markets, including reductions in sales of our customers products, deterioration of our customers financial condition, insufficient customer resources dedicated to promoting and commercializing their products, the inability of our customers to adapt to changing technological demands, design flaws in 
 28 

customer products, the effects of catastrophic and other disruptive events, and increased supply chain, manufacturing or production costs could seriously harm our customers and, as a result, harm us. 
 Any slowdown in the growth of these end markets could adversely affect our financial results. For example, a significant element of our growth strategy depends on the increasing adoption of mild hybrid, hybrid and electric vehicles, which are expected to have higher sensor and power product content. If anticipated demand in the end market for these vehicles does not materialize, it would adversely affect demand for our products from customers and impact our ability to execute our growth strategy. 
 The loss of one or more significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 During fiscal year 2023, no end customer, including those served through our distributors, exceeded 10 of our net sales during fiscal year 2023. However, the loss of or a significant reduction in business with a significant end customer, particularly in the automotive market, could have a material adverse effect on our net sales and, in turn, on our overall business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our competitive position could be adversely affected if we are unable to meet customers quality requirements. 
 Semiconductor IC suppliers must meet increasingly stringent quality standards of certain OEMs and customers, particularly for automotive applications. While our quality performance to date has generally met these requirements, we may experience problems in achieving acceptable quality results in the manufacture of our products, particularly in connection with the production of new products or adoption of a new manufacturing process. Our failure to achieve acceptable quality levels could adversely affect our business results. 
 The nature of the design win process requires us to incur expenses without any guarantee that research and development efforts will generate net sales, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We focus on winning competitive bid selection processes, called design wins, to develop products for use in our customers products. These lengthy selection processes may require us to incur significant expenditures and dedicate valued engineering resources to the development of new products without any assurance that we will achieve design wins. If we incur such expenditures and fail to be selected in the bid selection process, our operating results may be adversely affected. Further, because of the significant costs associated with qualifying new suppliers, customers are likely to use the same or an enhanced version of semiconductor products from existing suppliers across a number of similar and successor products for a lengthy period of time. As a result, if we fail to secure an initial design win for any of our products to any particular customer, we may lose the opportunity to make future sales of those products to that customer for a significant period of time or at all and experience an associated decline in net sales relating to those products. This phenomenon is typical in the automotive market. Failure to achieve initial design wins may also weaken our position in future competitive selection processes because we may not be perceived as an industry leader. 
 Even if we succeed in securing design wins for our products, we may not generate timely or sufficient net sales or margins from those wins and our financial results could suffer. 
 After incurring significant design and development expenditures and dedicating engineering resources to achieve a single initial design win for a product, a substantial period of time generally elapses before we generate meaningful net sales relating to such product, if at all. The reasons for this delay include, among other things, the following: 
 changing customer requirements, resulting in an extended development cycle for the product; 
 delay in the ramp-up of volume production of the customer s products into which our solutions are designed; 
 delay or cancellation of the customer s product development plans; 
 competitive pressures to reduce our selling price for the product; 
 the discovery of design flaws, defects, errors or bugs in the products; 
 lower than expected customer acceptance of the solutions designed for the customer s products; 
 lower than expected market acceptance of our customers products; and 
 higher manufacturing costs than anticipated. 
 If we do not continue to achieve design wins in the short term, we may not be able to achieve expected net sales levels associated with these design wins. If we experience delays in achieving such sales levels, our operating results could be adversely affected. Moreover, even if a customer selects our product, we cannot guarantee that this will result in any sales of 
 29 

our products, as the customer may ultimately change or cancel its product plans, or our customer s efforts to market and sell its product may not be successful. 
 Changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of export restrictions and tariffs, could limit our ability to sell products to certain customers or limit demand from certain customers, which may materially and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 
 The U.S. or foreign governments may take administrative, legislative or regulatory action that could materially interfere with our ability to sell products in certain countries and/or to certain customers, particularly in China. For example, the United States and China have imposed export restrictions related to certain semiconductors and a number of tariffs and other restrictions on items imported or exported between the United States and China, and have proposed to impose a number of additional tariffs. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to export restrictions, tariffs or trade relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products may be subject to such actions, or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. The institution of export restrictions and trade tariffs both globally and between the United States and China specifically carries the risk of negatively impacting China s overall economic condition, which could have negative repercussions for our business since Greater China accounted for the highest percentage of the Company s total net sales in any one country in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 In addition, since we manufacture our products outside the United States, new or increased tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States, if adopted, could have a disproportionate impact on our business and make our products more expensive and less competitive in domestic markets. Furthermore, changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, which could impose restrictions on our ability to do business in or with affected countries or prohibit, reduce or discourage purchases of our products by foreign customers, leading to increased costs of components contained in our products, increased costs of manufacturing our products, and higher prices for our products in foreign markets. For example, there are risks that the Chinese government may, among other things, require the use of local suppliers in place of non-Chinese suppliers like us, compel companies that do business in China to partner with local companies to conduct business and provide incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local suppliers. Changes in, and responses to, U.S. trade policy could reduce the competitiveness of our products and cause our sales to decline, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Warranty claims, product liability claims and product recalls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We face an inherent business risk of exposure to warranty and product liability claims if products fail to perform as expected or is alleged to result in bodily injury, death, and/or property damage. In addition, if any of our designed products are alleged to be defective, we may be required to participate in their recall. Some OEMs expect suppliers to warrant their products for longer periods of time and are increasingly looking to them for contribution when faced with product liability claims or recalls. For example, some of our products are used in automotive safety systems, the failure of which could lead to injury or death. We carry various commercial liability policies, including umbrella/excess policies which provide some protection against product liability exposure. However, a successful warranty or product liability claim against us in excess of our available insurance coverage and established reserves, or a requirement that we participate in a product recall, could have adverse effects on our business results. Further, in the future, it is possible that we will not be able to obtain insurance coverage in the amounts and for the risks we seek at policy costs and terms we desire. 
 Additionally, in the event that our products fail to perform as expected or such failure of our products results in a recall, our reputation may be damaged, which could make it more difficult for us to sell our products to existing and prospective customers and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our dependence on international customers and operations also subjects us to a range of other additional regulatory, operational, financial and political risks that could adversely affect our financial results. 
 For fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, approximately 86.6 , 85.9 and 86.1 , respectively, of our net sales were to customers outside of the United States. In addition, a substantial majority of our products are assembled and tested at facilities outside of the United States. Our principal assembly and test facility is located in the Philippines at our AMPI Facility. We also rely on several other wafer fabrication manufacturing partners located throughout Asia. Any conflict or uncertainty in this region, including public health or safety concerns or natural disasters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, conducting business outside the United States subjects us to a number of additional risks and challenges, including: 
 changes in a specific country s or region s political, regulatory or economic conditions; 
 30 

a pandemic, epidemic or other outbreak of an infectious disease, which may cause us or our distributors, vendors and/or customers to temporarily suspend operations in the affected city or country; 
 compliance with a wide variety of domestic and foreign laws and regulations (including those of municipalities or provinces where we have operations) and unexpected changes in those laws and regulatory requirements, including uncertainties regarding taxes, social insurance contributions and other payroll taxes and fees to governmental entities, tariffs, quotas, export controls, export licenses and other trade barriers; 
 unanticipated restrictions on our ability to sell to foreign customers where sales of products and the provision of services may require export licenses or are prohibited by government action, unfavorable foreign exchange controls and currency exchange rates; 
 the risk of substantial penalties and litigation related to violations of a wide variety of laws, treaties and regulations, including labor regulations and anti-corruption regulations (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act); 
 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations across different geographic areas and cultures; 
 potential political, legal and economic instability, armed conflict, and civil unrest in the countries in which we and our customers, suppliers and contract manufacturers are located, such as the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 difficulty and costs of maintaining effective data security; 
 inadequate protection of intellectual property; 
 transportation and other supply chain delays and disruptions; 
 nationalization and expropriation; 
 restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries, including withholding taxes and other potentially negative tax consequences; 
 unfavorable and/or changing foreign tax treaties and policies; and 
 increased exposure to general market and economic conditions outside of the U.S. 
 These factors, individually or in combination, could impair our ability to effectively operate one or more of our foreign facilities or deliver our products, result in unexpected and material expenses, or cause an unexpected decline in the demand for our products in certain countries or regions. Our failure to manage the risks and challenges associated with our international business and operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 For example, Russia s invasion of Ukraine has led to sanctions, export controls and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea region of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic. Additional potential sanctions and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets. Any Russian response could also disrupt commercial and financial transactions. Further, conflict between Ukraine and Russia could adversely impact the global supply chain, disrupt our operations and/or our customers operations, negatively impact the demand for our products in our primary end markets or increase in cyberattacks and espionage. 
 End-user demand for certain HEVs, EVs and green energy products often depends on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. The reduction, modification, expiration or elimination of such government economic incentives could reduce end-user demand and thus affect our customers demand for our products. 
 The U.S. federal government, some state and local governments, as well as foreign governments provide certain incentives to end-users and purchasers of certain HEVs, EVs and green energy products in the form of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. End-users often rely on these governmental rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives to significantly lower the purchase price of these products. However, these incentives may expire on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is exhausted, or be reduced or terminated as a matter of regulatory or legislative policy. Any slowdown in end-user demand for our products as a result of such changes to these incentives could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

We will lose sales if we are unable to obtain government authorization to export certain of our products, and we will be subject to legal and regulatory consequences if we do not comply with applicable export control laws and regulations. 
 Exports of certain of our products and other products are subject, or could be subject in the future, to export controls imposed by the U.S. government and administered by the U.S. Departments of State and Commerce. In certain instances, these regulations may require pre-shipment authorization from the administering department. For products subject to the Export Administration Regulations, administered by the Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security, the requirement for a license is dependent on the type and end use of the product, the final destination, the identity of the end user and whether a license exception might apply. Products developed and manufactured in our foreign locations are subject to export controls of the applicable foreign nation. Obtaining export licenses can be difficult, costly and time-consuming and we may not always be successful in obtaining necessary export licenses, and our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products or limitations on our ability to export or sell our products imposed by these laws may harm our international and domestic revenues. Noncompliance with these laws could have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. The absence of comparable restrictions on competitors in other countries may adversely affect our competitive position. 
 Failure to obtain export licenses for our products or having one or more of our customers be restricted from receiving exports from us could significantly reduce our net sales and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changing currency exchange rates may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have operations and assets in the U.S. as well as foreign jurisdictions and we prepare our consolidated financial statements in U.S. dollars, but a portion of our earnings and expenditures are denominated in other currencies. We therefore must translate our foreign assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Consequently, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect the value of these items in our financial statements. In addition, since many of our sales in foreign jurisdictions are denominated in U.S. dollars, a decrease in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may effectively increase the price of our products in the currency of the jurisdiction in which the sale took place and may result in our products becoming too expensive for non-U.S. customers who do not conduct their business in U.S. dollars. Furthermore, currency exchange rates have been especially volatile in the recent past, and these currency fluctuations may make it difficult for us to predict our results of operations. To the extent we fail to manage our foreign currency exposure adequately, we may suffer losses in the value of our net foreign currency investment, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected. 
 Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited and could prevent us from executing our growth strategy. 
 Our ability to operate and expand our business depends on the availability of adequate capital, which in turn depends on cash flow generated by our business and the availability of borrowings under our credit facilities and other debt, equity or other applicable financing arrangements. We believe that our existing cash resources and our access to the capital markets will be sufficient to finance our continued operations, growth strategy, and planned capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. However, we have based this estimate on our current operating plans and expectations, which are subject to change, and cannot assure you that that our existing resources will be sufficient to meet our future liquidity needs. We may require additional capital to respond to business opportunities, challenges, acquisitions or other strategic transactions and/or unforeseen circumstances. The timing and amount of our working capital and capital expenditure requirements may vary significantly depending on numerous factors, including: 
 market acceptance of our products; 
 the need to adapt to changing technologies and technical requirements; 
 the existence of opportunities for expansion; and 
 access to and availability of sufficient management, technical, marketing and financial personnel. 
 If our capital resources are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity securities or debt securities or obtain debt financing. The sale of additional equity securities or convertible debt securities would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. Additional debt would result in increased expenses and could result in covenants that would restrict our operations and our ability to incur additional debt or engage in other capital-raising activities. Interest rates have risen significantly over the last several months and may continue to rise, making the cost of incurring new debt obligations more expensive to the Company. We have not made arrangements to obtain additional 
 32 

financing, and there is no assurance that financing, if required, will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow and support our business and respond to business opportunities and challenges could be significantly limited. 
 Our indebtedness may limit our flexibility to operate our business and adversely affect our financial health and competitive position. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had 25.0 million in aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding under our Term Loan Facility (as defined herein), no debt outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility and 50.0 million of additional borrowings available thereunder. In order to service this indebtedness, and any additional indebtedness or other long-term obligations we may incur in the future, we need to generate sufficient levels of cash from our operating activities. Our ability to generate cash is subject, in part, to our ability to successfully execute our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will be able to generate sufficient levels of cash from operations or that future borrowings or other financings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness and fund our other liquidity needs. To the extent we are required to use cash from operations or the proceeds of any future financing to service our indebtedness instead of funding working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes, we will be less able to plan for, or react to, changes in our business, industry and in the economy generally. This will place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 In addition, the agreements governing the Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined herein) contain, and any agreements evidencing or governing other future indebtedness may also contain, certain covenants that limit our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to engage in certain transactions that may be in our long-term best interests. Subject to certain limited exceptions, these covenants limit our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness, or issue equity interests that have features similar to indebtedness; 
 incur liens; 
 make investments, including acquisitions and investments in joint ventures; 
 merge, consolidate, amalgamate, divide, dissolve or liquidate; 
 pay dividends or make other distributions to our equity holders, or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests; 
 prepay indebtedness that ranks junior in right of payment to the Senior Secured Credit Facilities; 
 amend the documents governing such junior indebtedness; 
 sell our assets outside the ordinary course of business; 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 agree to negative pledge clauses that conflict with the obligation to secure the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or agree to restrictions on the ability of subsidiaries to make distributions to the loan parties; 
 amend our organizational documents in a manner materially adverse to the interest of the lenders; 
 change our line of business from that conducted as the date of such agreements; and 
 change our fiscal year or method of determining fiscal quarters or fiscal months. 
 Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events and factors beyond our control. In the event that we breach one or more covenants, our lenders may choose to declare an event of default and require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding, terminate any commitment to extend further credit and foreclose on any collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, we may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. While the agreements governing our Senior Secured Credit Facilities generally restrict our and our restricted subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to important and significant exceptions and limitations. Also, these agreements generally do not prohibit us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness as defined therein. To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness or such other obligations, the risks associated with our indebtedness described above could increase. 
 33 

We depend on key and highly skilled personnel to operate our business, and if we are unable to retain our current personnel and hire additional personnel, our ability to develop and market our products could be harmed, which in turn could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our executive officers, managers and skilled personnel, including our development engineers. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or other key personnel, which could disrupt our business. Generally, our employees are not bound by obligations that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. Moreover, our employees are generally not subject to non-competition agreements. Given these limitations, we may not be able to continue to attract, retain and motivate the qualified personnel necessary for our business. In addition, we recruit from a limited pool of engineers with expertise in analog mixed-signal semiconductor design, and the competition for such personnel can be intense. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or other key personnel or our inability to locate suitable or qualified replacements could be significantly detrimental to our product development efforts and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increases in salaries in the markets in which we have employees have increased our labor costs and made it more competitive to acquire talent. In addition, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel, including certain foreign nationals who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents, many of whom are highly skilled and constitute an important part of our U.S. workforce, particularly in the areas of engineering and product development. Our ability to hire and retain these employees and their ability to remain and work in the U.S. are impacted by laws and regulations, as well as by procedures and enforcement practices of various government agencies. Changes in immigration laws, regulations or procedures may adversely affect our ability to hire or retain such workers, increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our ability to deliver our products and services, any of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Information Technology, Intellectual Property, and Data Security and Privacy 
 If we are unable to protect our proprietary technology and inventions through patents, our ability to compete successfully and our financial results could be adversely impacted. 
 We seek to protect our proprietary technolog y and inventions, particularly those relating to the design of our products, through th e use of patents. As of March 31, 2023, we owned 1,371 patents, including 742 active U.S. patents (with expiration dates between 2023 and 2042), with an additional 357 pending patent applications, including 154 U.S. patent applications. Maintenance of patent portfolios, particularly outside of the U.S., is expensive, and the process of seeking patent protection is lengthy and costly. While we intend to maintain our current portfolio of patents and to continue to prosecute our currently pending patent applications and file future patent applications when appropriate, the value of these actions may not exceed their expense. Existing patents and those that may be issued from any pending or future applications may be subject to challenges, invalidation or circumvention, and the rights granted under our patents may not provide us with meaningful protection or any commercial advantage. In addition, the protection afforded under the patent laws of one country may not be the same as that in other countries. This means, for example, that our right to exclusively commercialize a product in those countries where we have patent rights for that product can vary on a country-by-country basis. We also may not have the same scope of patent protection in every country where we do business. 
 Additionally, it is difficult and costly to monitor the use of our intellectual property. It may be the case that our intellectual property is already being infringed and infringement may occur in the future without our knowledge. The difficulty and failure to identify any violations of our intellectual property rights could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and result of operations and hurt our competitive advantage. 
 If we are unable to protect our proprietary technology and inventions through trade secrets, our competitive position and financial results could be adversely affected. 
 We seek to protect our proprietary technology and inventions, particularly those relating to our manufacturing processes, as trade secrets. In the United States, trade secrets are protected under the federal Economic Espionage Act of 1996 and the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (the Defend Trade Secrets Act ), and under state law, with many states having adopted the Uniform Trade Secrets Act (the UTSA and several of which that have not. In addition to these federal and state laws inside the United States, under the World Trade Organization s Trade Related-Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights Agreement, trade secrets are to be protected by World Trade Organization member states as confidential information. Under the UTSA and other trade secret laws, protection of our proprietary information as trade secrets requires us to take steps to prevent unauthorized disclosure to third parties or misappropriation by third parties. In addition, the full benefit of the remedies available under the Defend Trade Secrets Act requires specific language and notice requirements 
 34 

present in the relevant agreements, which may not be present in all of our agreements. While we require our officers, employees, consultants, distributors, and existing and prospective customers and collaborators to sign confidentiality agreements and take various security measures to protect unauthorized disclosure and misappropriation of our trade secrets, we cannot assure or predict that these measures will be sufficient. The semiconductor industry is generally subject to high turnover of employees, so the risk of trade secret misappropriation may be amplified. If any of our trade secrets are subject to unauthorized disclosure or are otherwise misappropriated by third parties, our competitive position may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends in part on our ability to commercialize our products without infringing the patent, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others. 
 To the same extent that we seek to protect our technology and inventions with patents and trade secrets, our competitors and other third parties do the same for their technology and inventions. We have no means of knowing the content of patent applications filed by third parties until they are published. It is also difficult and costly to continuously monitor the intellectual property portfolios of our competitors to ensure our technologies do not violate the intellectual property rights of any third parties. 
 Patent assertion entities are common in the semiconductor industry, which is characterized by frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. From time to time, we receive communications from third parties that allege that our products or technologies infringe their patent or other intellectual property rights. As the Company grows and its profile and visibility increases, we may receive more or similar communications in the future. Lawsuits or other proceedings resulting from allegations of infringement could subject us to significant liability for damages, invalidate our proprietary rights and adversely affect our business. In the event that any third party succeeds in asserting a valid claim against us or any of our customers, we could be forced to do one or more of the following: 
 discontinue selling, importing or using certain technologies that contain the allegedly infringing intellectual property which could cause us to stop manufacturing certain products; 
 seek to develop non-infringing technologies, which may not be feasible; 
 incur significant legal expenses; 
 pay substantial monetary damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing; and/or 
 seek licenses for the infringed technology that may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
 If a third party causes us to discontinue the use of any of our technologies, we could be required to design around those technologies. This could be costly and time-consuming and could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Any significant impairments of our intellectual property rights from any litigation we face could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to compete in our industry. 
 We or critical third-party service providers may be subject to disruptions or breaches of our information technology systems that could irreparably damage our reputation and our business, expose us to liability and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We are subject to a number of legal requirements, contractual obligations and industry standards regarding security, data protection and privacy and any failure to comply with these requirements, obligations or standards could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. 
 We rely on computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites and networks for both internal and external operations (collectively, IT Systems that are critical to our business. We own and manage some of these IT systems but also rely on third parties for a range of IT Systems and other products and services. In conducting our business, we also routinely collect and store sensitive data, including proprietary technology and information and personal information related to our business and our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as proprietary technology and information owned by our customers (collectively, Confidential Information ). The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this Confidential Information is critical to our operations and business strategy. 
 We or our third-party service providers may be subject to IT System disruptions or breaches or compromises to Confidential Information caused by cyberattacks, computer viruses, malware (including ransomware), illegal hacking, criminal fraud or impersonation, acts of vandalism or terrorism, employee or contractor error or malfeasance, social engineering or phishing, or software related errors, bugs or other vulnerabilities. Security measures that we, our third-party service providers, and our customers have implemented may not detect or prevent such disruptions or security breaches. 
 35 

Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in both frequency and magnitude, and threat actors are increasingly sophisticated in using techniques that circumvent controls, evade detection, and remove forensic evidence, which means that we and our third-party providers may be unable to anticipate, contain or recover from future attacks or incidents in a timely or effective manner. In addition, the increase in global remote working dynamics since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic presents additional opportunities for threat actors to engage in social engineering (for example, phishing) and to exploit vulnerabilities in non-corporate networks. 
 The costs to us to reduce the risk of or alleviate cybersecurity attacks, breaches and vulnerabilities could be significant. Any type of security breach, attack or misuse of data, whether experienced by us or an associated third-party service provider or in our supply chain, could harm our reputation or deter existing or prospective customers from using our products and applications, increase our operating expenses in order to contain and remediate the incident, expose us to unbudgeted or uninsured liability, disrupt our operations, divert management focus away from other priorities, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, result in the imposition of penalties and fines under state, federal and foreign laws. Moreover, any such compromise of our information security or IT Systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized publication of our Confidential Information or that of other parties with which we do business, an interruption in our operations, the unauthorized transfer of cash or other of our assets, the unauthorized release of customer or employee data or a violation of privacy or other laws. In addition, computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that attack our products, or that otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities, and any such attack, if successful, could expose us to liabilities for customer claims, regulatory investigations and fines, litigation (including class actions), and increased costs of remediation and compliance. Any of the foregoing could irreparably damage our reputation and business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. While we maintain various insurance policies, we cannot be certain that any or all cybersecurity or privacy-related losses or costs will be covered in whole or in part by our policies. 
 We are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and consumer protection laws across different markets where we conduct our business. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 In the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to various consumer protection, data privacy and information security laws and related regulations. These laws and regulations impose significant compliance requirements in relation to our IT Systems and Confidential Information, and in some instances, may expose us to private rights of action and statutory damages for certain types of events. If we are found to have breached any such laws or regulations in any such jurisdiction, we may be subject to investigations and enforcement actions that require us to change our business practices in a manner which may negatively impact our revenue, as well as exposure to litigation, fines, civil and/or criminal penalties and adverse publicity that could cause our customers to lose trust in us, negatively impacting our reputation and business in a manner that harms our financial position. As a U.S.-based company operating in many countries around the world, we are subject not only to U.S. federal and varying U.S. state privacy, data protection, information security, and consumer protection laws and regulations, but also to numerous foreign laws and regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Complying with these laws and regulations is costly and time-consuming, and as these laws and regulations are being interpreted broadly and in potentially conflicting ways by global regulators, we are subject to increased compliance obligations and regulatory scrutiny, litigation and reputational risks, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial results. 
 Additionally, restrictions on the collection, use, sharing or disclosure of personal information or additional requirements and liability for security and data integrity could require us to modify our solutions and features, possibly in a material manner, limit our ability to develop new products and features. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance 
 Our failure to comply with the large body of laws and regulations to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 We are subject to regulation by various governmental agencies in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations include: anti-trust regulatory activities; consumer protection laws; data privacy and cybersecurity laws; import/export regulatory activities; product safety regulatory activities; worker health and safety; environmental protection; employment matters; and tax and other regulations in each of the areas in which we conduct business. In certain jurisdictions, regulatory requirements in one or more of these areas may be more stringent than in the United States. 
 36 

In the area of employment matters, we are subject to a variety of federal, state and foreign employment and labor laws and regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act, the WARN Act and other regulations related to working conditions, wage and hour pay, overtime pay, employee benefits, anti-discrimination, and termination of employment. Noncompliance with any of these applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, enforcement actions, fines, damages, penalties, or injunctions. In certain instances, former employees have brought claims against us, and we expect that we will encounter similar actions against us in the future. An adverse outcome in any such litigation could require us to pay damages, attorneys fees and costs. These enforcement actions could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. 
 Our failure to comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, other applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and applicable economic and trade sanctions and export control laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We have extensive international operations, and a substantial portion of our business, particular with respect to our manufacturing processes and sales network, is conducted outside of the United States. Our operations are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ), as well as the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws in the countries where we do business. The FCPA prohibits covered parties from offering, promising, authorizing or giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to a foreign government official with the intent of improperly influencing the official s act or decision, inducing the official to act or refrain from acting in violation of lawful duty, or obtaining or retaining an improper business advantage. The FCPA also requires publicly traded companies to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions, and to have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. In addition, other applicable anti-corruption laws prohibit bribery of domestic government officials, and some laws that may apply to our operations prohibit commercial bribery, including giving or receiving improper payments to or from non-government parties, as well as so-called facilitation payments. In addition, we are subject to U.S. and other applicable economic and trade sanctions and export control laws and regulations that restrict with whom we may transact business, including the economic and trade sanctions enforced by the U.S. Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control and export control laws and regulations administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of Commerce. 
 Though we maintain policies, internal controls and other measures reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, and certain safeguards designed to ensure compliance with U.S. economic and trade sanctions and export control laws, our employees or agents may nevertheless engage in improper conduct for which we might be held responsible. Any violations of these laws or regulations, or even allegations of such violations, can lead to an investigation and/or enforcement action, which could disrupt our operations, cause significant management distraction, and lead to significant costs and expenses, including legal fees. If we, or our employees or agents acting on our behalf, are found to have engaged in practices that violate these laws and regulations, we could suffer severe fines and penalties, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation, bans on transacting government business, delisting from securities exchanges and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our reputation, our net sales or our stock price could be adversely affected if we become the subject of any negative publicity related to actual or perceived violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery or economic or trade sanctions or export control laws and regulations. 
 In order to comply with environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, we may need to modify our activities or incur substantial costs, and such laws and regulations, including any failure to comply with such laws and regulations, could subject us to substantial costs, liabilities, obligations and fines, or require us to have our suppliers alter their processes. 
 The semiconductor industry is subject to a variety of international, federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing pollution, environmental protection and occupational health and safety, including those relating to hazardous and toxic materials, product composition, and the investigation and cleanup of contaminated sites, including sites we currently or formerly owned or operated, due to the release of hazardous materials, regardless of whether we caused such release. In addition, we may be strictly liable for joint and several costs associated with investigation and remediation of sites at which we have arranged for the disposal of hazardous wastes if such sites become contaminated, even if we fully comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to civil or criminal costs, obligations, sanctions or property damage or personal injury claims, or suspension of our facilities operating permits. Compliance with current or future environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations 
 37 

could restrict our ability to expand our business or require us to modify processes or incur other substantial expenses which could harm our business. In the event of an incident involving hazardous materials, we could be liable for damages and such liability could exceed the amount of any liability insurance coverage and the resources of our business. In addition, in the event of the discovery of contaminants or the imposition of clean up obligations for which we are responsible, we may be required to take remedial or other measures which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In response to environmental concerns, some customers and government agencies impose requirements for the elimination and/or labeling of hazardous substances, such as lead (which is widely used in soldering connections in the process of semiconductor packaging and assembly), in electronic equipment, as well as requirements related to the take-back of products discarded by customers. For example, the EU adopted its RoHS which prohibits, with specified exceptions, the sale in the EU market of electrical and electronic equipment containing more than agreed levels of lead or other hazardous materials, and China has enacted similar regulations. Environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations have tended to become more stringent over time, causing a need to redesign technologies, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated with violations, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Our principal stockholders, Sanken and OEP, have substantial control over us, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of key transactions, including a change of control, and otherwise affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. 
 Our principal stockholders, Sanken and OEP, beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 60.6 of our outstanding common stock as of March 31, 2023. The Stockholders Agreement gives each of Sanken and OEP SKNA, L.P., a fund affiliated with OEP (the OEP Investor (in each case, for so long such party beneficially owns at least 5 of our common stock) certain rights with respect to the composition of our board of directors, including certain rights to designate members of our board of directors. As a result, these stockholders and their affiliates have significant influence over the management and affairs of our Company, as well as the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and the issuance or redemption of equity interests in certain circumstances. The interests of these stockholders may not always align with, and in some cases may conflict with, our interests and the interests of our other stockholders. For instance, these stockholders could attempt to delay or prevent a change in control of our Company, even if such change in control would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our other stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock. This concentration of ownership may also affect the prevailing market price of our common stock due to investors perceptions that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. As a result, this concentration of ownership may not be in your best interests. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity does not apply with respect to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. 
 The doctrine of corporate opportunity generally provides that a corporate fiduciary may not develop an opportunity using corporate resources, acquire an interest adverse to that of the corporation or acquire property that is reasonably incident to the present or prospective business of the corporation or in which the corporation has a present or expectancy interest, unless that opportunity is first presented to the corporation and the corporation chooses not to pursue that opportunity. The doctrine of corporate opportunity is intended to preclude officers, directors and other fiduciaries from personally benefiting from opportunities that belong to the corporation. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity does not apply with respect to the OEP Investor or its affiliates (other than us and our subsidiaries), including any of its or their respective principals, members, directors, partners, stockholders, officers, employees or other representatives (other than any such person who is also an employee of ours or our subsidiaries) or to any director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries (collectively, Exempted Persons ). The Exempted Persons therefore have no duty to communicate or present corporate opportunities to us, and have the right to either hold any corporate opportunity for their own account and benefit or to recommend, assign or otherwise transfer such corporate opportunity to persons other than us, including to any other director or stockholder who is not employed by us or our subsidiaries. 
 As a result, the Exempted Persons are generally not prohibited from operating or investing in competing businesses. We therefore may find ourselves in competition with any one or more of these parties, and we may not have knowledge of, or be able to pursue, transactions that could potentially be beneficial to us. To the extent we find ourselves in competition with 
 38 

Exempted Persons, we may lose a corporate opportunity or suffer competitive harm, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and under the DGCL contain anti-takeover provisions that could prevent or discourage a takeover. 
 Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our Company that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions include those establishing: 
 a classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms, which may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control of us or our management; 
 no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 
 the exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by, among other things, the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from filling vacancies on our board of directors; 
 the ability of our board of directors to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 
 the ability of our board of directors to alter our bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval; 
 the required approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors to amend or repeal our bylaws or amend the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors; 
 a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 
 the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take action, including the removal of directors; and 
 advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our board of directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders, which may discourage or delay a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us until the next stockholder meeting or at all. 
 In addition, we have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL, but our Certificate of Incorporation provides that engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder (any stockholder with 15 or more of our voting stock (subject to certain exceptions, including OEP and its affiliates)) for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder is prohibited, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Failure to comply with requirements to design, implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 As a public company, we have significant requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. If we are unable to maintain appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations on a timely basis, result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ), to furnish a report by our management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation and testing. Testing and maintaining internal controls may divert our management s attention from other matters that are 
 39 

important to our business. In addition, pursuant to Section 404, we are required to include in the annual reports that we file with the SEC an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm, and the costs and burdens of complying with Section 404 could be significant. 
 General Risks 
 We could be subject to changes in tax rates or the adoption of new tax legislation, whether in or out of the United States, or could otherwise have exposure to additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 As a multinational business, we are subject to income and other taxes in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Changes to tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or in the interpretation of such laws or regulations, could significantly increase our effective tax rate and reduce our cash flow from operating activities, and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, other factors or events, including business combinations and investment transactions, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, adjustments to taxes upon finalization of various tax returns or as a result of deficiencies asserted by taxing authorities, increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, changes in available tax credits, changes in transfer pricing methodologies, other changes in the apportionment of our income and other activities among tax jurisdictions, and changes in tax rates, could also increase our effective tax rate and/or valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. 
 On October 4, 2021, 136 members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD agreed to a global minimum tax rate of 15 . On December 20, 2021, OECD published its model rules on the agreed minimum tax known as the Global Anti-Base Erosion GloBE rules. The GloBE rules provide a framework for a coordinated multi-country system of taxation intended to ensure large multinational enterprise groups pay a minimum level of tax on the income arising in each of the jurisdictions where they operate. On December 14, 2022, the European Council approved its directive to implement Pillar Two of the GloBE rules regarding a 15 global minimum tax rate. Many EU countries have already indicated they plan to enact certain provisions of this directive as of January 1, 2024. In addition, many G20 nations have indicated their plan to follow the OECD guidance as early as January 1, 2024. Pillar Two may increase our future effective tax rate. 
 Our tax filings are subject to review or audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and state, local and foreign taxing authorities. We exercise significant judgment in determining our worldwide provision for taxes and, in the ordinary course of our business, there may be transactions and calculations where the proper tax treatment is uncertain. We may also be liable for taxes in connection with businesses we acquire. Our determinations are not binding on the IRS or any other taxing authorities, and accordingly the final determination in an audit or other proceeding may be materially different than the treatment reflected in our tax provisions, accruals and returns. An assessment of additional taxes because of an audit could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Sustained inflation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Inflation rates in the markets in which we operate have increased and may continue to rise. Inflation over the last several quarterly periods has led us to experience higher costs, including higher labor costs, wafer and other costs for materials from suppliers, and transportation and energy costs. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices, and in the competitive markets in which we operate, we may not be able to make corresponding price increases to preserve our gross margins and profitability. If inflation rates continue to rise or remain elevated for a sustained period of time, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Disruptions in the banking and financial sector could limit our or our critical partners ability to access capital and borrowings or result in losses of uninsured deposits, which could significantly limit or disrupt our business operations. 
 We are dependent on the operation and functioning of the banking and financial sector, not only as it relates to our direct banking and financial relationships that we have control over, but also indirectly due to the relationships that our customers, suppliers, manufacturers, distributors and other counterparties have with their banking and financial institutions over which we have no control. Disruptions in the banking and financial sector that limit our or business partners liquidity or access to capital, or result in defaults, non-performance or loss of uninsured deposits could significantly limit or disrupt our business operations. 
 40 

Climate change presents physical, transition, and litigation risks that could disrupt our business operations and force us to incur increased costs and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 Our business and operations are highly dependent on our ability to utilize key physical locations for the design, manufacture, assembly and testing of our products, particularly our AMPI Facility and the facilities utilized by our third-party wafer fabrication partners. Natural disasters and other severe or frequent weather events caused by climate change that interrupt operations at or transportation to and from these facilities could result in delays in our ability to sell our products that would negatively impact our net sales, potentially damage our customer relationships and our reputation and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, natural disasters and other severe or frequent weather events caused by climate change in the markets in which we operate could cause economic hardships and a reduction in the demand for our products. 
 While our anticipated future growth is highly dependent on the adoption of EV powertrain vehicles, which are expected to have increased sensor and power product content, and our products in the industrial market which have applications in clean energy and EV charging, both of which we anticipate will benefit from a transition to lower emission vehicles and clean energy, we are subject to transition risks as the world moves away from fossil fuels. Regulation, outside pressure from stakeholders or necessity could force us to incur greater costs in the future to invest in green technology for use in our operations, or retrofit existing equipment with technology that is more environmentally friendly, while also exposing us to greater compliance costs and litigation risks. These same factors and risks apply to our manufacturing partners and suppliers, who could pass their increased transition costs on to us by charging us higher prices. Any material increase in costs as a result of a transition to a reduced carbon economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Manufacturing, Operations and Facilities 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Manchester, New Hampshire, and we have a global footprint with 26 locations across four continents. Our operations are primarily conducted at the locations shown below. Our subsidiary, Allegro MicroSystems Philippines Inc., in Manila, Philippines, operates as our primary internal assembly and testing facility. 
 Facility Facility Functions Facility Size Status Manila, Philippines Manufacturing Assembly, Test, Finish Approximately 439,000 square feet Facility-Owned, Land (Subject to 9 coordinated leases, the longest of which has a 50-year term (and a 25-year renewal option)) Manchester, NH Corporate Headquarters, Research and Development, Administrative Approximately 120,000 square feet Owned Marlborough, MA Research and Development, Administrative Approximately 50,000 square feet Leased (10-year lease expires in 2028) 
 We also lease design and applications support centers in the Americas, Asia and Europe. Our decision to open and maintain additional design centers is based on several factors, including the ability to employ talented engineers at efficient costs and to better serve our local customer base. 
 Our manufacturing strategy consists of a combined internal and external sourcing strategy. This strategy enhances security of supply by providing both internal and external capacity throughout the manufacturing process, and has enabled us to reduce our capital requirements, reduce our fixed costs, obtain additional capacity to meet customer needs in periods of high demand and establish wafer process technology collaborations. 
 We have a fabless business model, which provides us with enhanced security of supply and manufacturing flexibility. Our fab partners currently include PSL, UMC and TSMC. We have master service agreements with all foundry partners, and some we have also engaged in long-term supply agreements. 
 41 

The AMPI Facility is our primary internal assembly and testing facility for our sensor and power products, with packaging capabilities and quality standards that meet stringent automotive safety and reliability specification requirements. We also supplement the assembly capabilities of the AMPI Facility with subcontractors throughout Asia, and approximately 51 , 51 and 52 of our assembly was outsourced in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 While our principal test operations are performed at the AMPI Facility, additional test capabilities are available at our Manchester, New Hampshire facility. 
 We are committed to manufacturing products of the highest quality and performance. We strive to have a zero-defect quality culture focused on meeting or exceeding demanding high-temperature automotive quality standards. We strive to comply with industry standards such as IATF 16949:2016 (the automotive sector-specific quality management system standard) and ISO 14001 (a voluntary standard for environmental management published by the International Standards Organization), and we also strive to comply with ISO 26262 ASIL product development standards, RoHS (an EU standard relating to use of certain hazardous substances in products) and similar environmental product requirements. Leading global automotive, industrial, and consumer manufacturers regularly audit our facilities for compliance with these standards, as well as with their own customer-specific standards. We are also members of the Responsible Business Alliance, the world s largest industry coalition dedicated to corporate social responsibility in global supply chains and, in conjunction with our sustainability efforts, we participate in the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), a global environmental disclosure system designed to enable companies and governments to disclose and manage their carbon emissions. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in claims, regulatory examinations or investigations and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. The outcome of any such claims or proceedings, regardless of the merits, and the Company s ultimate liability, if any, is inherently uncertain. These claims, even if not meritorious, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. 
 We are not currently party to any material legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceeding against us that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ALGM . As of May 8, 2023, there were 191,756,966 shares of our common stock held by approximately 20 holders of record, which does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. 
 Dividends 
 We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business and the repayment of outstanding debt. Therefore, we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following Stock Price Performance Graph and related information include comparisons required by the SEC. The Graph does not constitute soliciting material and should not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this information by reference into such filing. 
 42 

The following line graph compares for the period beginning October 29, 2020, the initial trading date of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, and ending on March 31, 2023, the last day of our fiscal year, the cumulative total stockholder returns for our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and Philadelphia Semiconductor Index, and assumes reinvestment of any dividends. The stockholder return in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor it is intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns. We selected these comparative groups due to industry similarities and the fact that they include several direct competitors. 

Base Period October, 29, 2020 March 26, 2021 March 25, 2022 March 31, 2023 Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 100.00 142.77 164.86 271.13 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 117.46 126.67 109.26 Philadelphia Semiconductor Index 100.00 136.02 154.37 141.48 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Reserved. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other information included elsewhere in this 
 43 

Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ). In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the sections titled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Additionally, our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 
 We operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the last Friday of March. Each fiscal quarter has 13 weeks, except in a 53-week year, when the fourth fiscal quarter has 14 weeks. All references to 2023, fiscal year 2023 or similar references relate to the 53-week period ended March 31, 2023. All references to 2022, fiscal year 2022 or similar references relate to the 52-week period ended March 25, 2022. 
 This section discusses items pertaining to and comparisons of financial results between 2023 and 2022. A discussion of 2021 items and comparisons between 2022 and 2021 financial results can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7. of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022 (the 2022 MD A ), filed with the SEC on May 18, 2022. 
 
 Overview 
 Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. is a leading global designer, developer, fabless manufacturer and marketer of sensor ICs and application-specific analog power ICs enabling the most critical technologies in the automotive and industrial markets. We are a leading supplier of magnetic sensor IC solutions worldwide based on market share, driven by our market leadership in the automotive market. We focus on providing complete IC solutions for motion control and energy efficient systems. This includes sensing the angular or linear position of a shaft or actuator, driving an electric motor or actuator, and regulating the power applied to sensing and driving circuits so they operate safely and efficiently. 
 We are headquartered in Manchester, New Hampshire and have a global footprint with 26 locations across four continents. Our portfolio includes more than 1,000 products, and we ship over 1.5 billion units annually to more than 10,000 customers worldwide. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we generated 973.7 million and 768.7 million in total net sales, respectively, with 187.5 million and 119.6 million in net income, respectively. 
 
 Recent Initiatives to Improve Results of Operations 
 We implemented several initiatives during fiscal years 2022 and 2023 that were designed to improve our operating results during those fiscal years and going forward. 
 We continue to implement initiatives to improve gross margins, which is calculated as gross profit divided by total net sales. Our gross margin improved from 53.0 in fiscal year 2022 to 56.1 in fiscal year 2023. This gross margin improvement was a result of our improved product mix of higher ASPs on more value-added products, increased leverage of our distribution channel, and continued efficiency and leverage on higher volumes. 
 We have been successful in increasing our average selling prices through a focus on feature-rich products and selective price increases. Increased ASPs and manufacturing efficiencies have allowed us to continue to improve gross margin in an environment of limited capacity at our suppliers and rising input costs. Limited supply and increased demand for many of our products and applications, as well as supply chain disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and inflation, have contributed to input cost increases on the components needed to manufacture our products. We will continue to consider opportunities for strategic price increases and process efficiencies to offset input cost increases on the materials and supplies that we use in production. 
 With our efforts to leverage our fixed costs and operating margin improvements, we have attained efficiencies through cost structure improvements, streamlining of manufacturing and support processes, and further utilization of excess capacity. These manufacturing efficiencies allowed us to leverage higher volumes with increasing demand across most of our applications, while increasing the absorption of fixed costs. Although these initiatives have resulted in gross margin and operating income improvements over the previous quarters, we cannot ensure that these trends will continue over the long-term. 
 In September 2022, we completed the acquisition of Heyday Integrated Circuits Heyday ), a privately held company specializing in compact, fully integrated isolated gate drivers that enable energy conversion in high-voltage gallium nitride and silicon carbide wide-bandgap semiconductor designs (the Heyday Acquisition ). The Heyday Acquisition is expected to 
 44 

complement our existing solutions for energy efficiency, including our market-leading current sensor solutions. Additionally, it is expected to significantly expand Allegro s addressable market for EV, solar inverters, EV charging infrastructure, 5G power supplies, and broad-market industrial applications. 
 On March 30, 2023, the Company entered into a termination of the distribution agreement with Sanken (the Termination Agreement ). The Termination Agreement formally terminated the distribution agreement dated as of July 5, 2007, by and between the Company and Sanken (the Distribution Agreement ), effective March 31, 2023. The Distribution Agreement provided Sanken the exclusive right to distribute the Company s products in Japan. In connection with the termination of the Distribution Agreement, and, as provided for in the Termination Agreement, the Company made a one-time payment of 5.0 million to Sanken in exchange for the cancellation of Sanken s exclusive distribution rights in Japan. Concurrently, AML and Sanken also entered into a short-term, nonexclusive distribution agreement (the Short-Term Distribution Agreement and a consulting agreement (the Consulting Agreement ), each of which were effective April 1, 2023. The Short-Term Distribution Agreement provides for the management and sale of Company product inventory for a period of 24 months. Under the terms of the Consulting Agreement, Sanken agreed to continue to provide transition services for a period of six months to a strategic customer as orders for the customer are transitioned from Sanken to the Company, and the Company agreed to pay Sanken for providing these transition services. 
 These agreements will facilitate the transition of the distribution of our products in Japan from related party distributor sales through Sanken to third-party distributors and direct customers in Japan. Additionally, we will invest in expanding our operations in Japan in order to directly manage and service our customers in that market, which is expected to result in increases in our cost of goods sold and operating expenses. The net impacts of the transition from the existing sales model in Japan is expected to provide incremental benefits to our gross margin over the long-term. 
 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the numerous measures implemented by government authorities in response, have impacted and may continue to impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Malaysia, Thailand and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic and taken measures to try to contain it, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities, including restrictions on our access to facilities. While the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have waned in recent months, the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows continues to largely depend on future developments, including any additional resurgences, government-imposed lockdowns, or secondary effects of the pandemic, none of which are not within our control and cannot be accurately predicted and are uncertain. 
 
 Other Key Factors and Trends Affecting our Operating Results 
 Our financial condition and results of operations have been, and will continue to be, affected by numerous other factors and trends, including the following: 
 Inflation 
 Inflation rates in the markets in which we operate have increased and may continue to rise. Inflation over the last several months has led us to experience higher costs, including higher labor costs, wafer and other costs for materials from suppliers, and transportation and energy costs. Our suppliers have raised their prices and may continue to raise prices, and in the competitive markets in which we operate, we may not be able to make corresponding price increases to preserve our gross margins and profitability. If inflation rates continue to rise or remain elevated for a sustained period of time, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. While we have generally been able to offset increases in these costs through various productivity and cost reduction initiatives, as well as adjusting our selling prices and releasing new products with improved gross margins, our ability to increase our average selling prices depends on market conditions and competitive dynamics. Given the timing of our actions compared to the timing of these inflationary pressures, there may be periods during which we are unable to fully recover the increases in our costs. 
 Design Wins with New and Existing Customers 
 Our end customers continually develop new products in existing and new application areas, and we work closely with our OEM customers in most of our target markets to understand their product roadmaps and strategies. For new products, the time from design initiation and manufacturing until we generate revenue can be lengthy, typically between two and four years. As a result, our future sales are highly dependent on our continued success at winning design mandates from our customers. Further, despite current inflationary and pricing conditions, we expect the ASPs of our products to decline over 
 45 

time, and we consider design wins to be critical to our future success. We anticipate being increasingly dependent on revenue from newer design wins for our newer products. The selection process is typically lengthy and may require us to incur significant design and development expenditures in pursuit of a design win, with no assurance that our solutions will be selected. As a result, the loss of any key design win or any significant delay in the ramp-up of volume production of the customer s products into which our product is designed could adversely affect our business. In addition, volume production is contingent upon the successful introduction and market acceptance of our customers end products, which may be affected by several factors beyond our control. 
 Customer Demand, Orders and Forecasts 
 Demand for our products is highly dependent on market conditions in the end markets in which our customers operate, which are generally subject to seasonality, cyclicality and competitive conditions. In addition, a substantial portion of our total net sales is derived from sales to customers that purchase large volumes of our products. These customers generally provide periodic forecasts of their requirements. However, these forecasts do not commit such customers to minimum purchases, and customers can revise these forecasts without penalty. In addition, as is customary in the semiconductor industry, customers are generally permitted to cancel orders for our products within a specified period. While we historically have permitted order cancellations for most customers, most of our current customer order backlog is noncancellable, which helps mitigate our exposure to unforeseen order cancellations. However, cancellations of orders could result in the loss of anticipated sales without allowing us sufficient time to reduce our inventory and operating expenses. In addition, changes in forecasts or the timing of orders from customers expose us to the risks of inventory shortages or excess inventory. 
 Manufacturing Costs and Product Mix 
 Gross margin has been, and will continue to be, affected by a variety of factors, including the ASPs of our products, product mix in a given period, material costs, yields, manufacturing costs and efficiencies. We believe the primary driver of gross margin is the ASP negotiated between us and our customers relative to material costs and yields. Our pricing and margins depend on the volumes and the features of the products we produce and sell to our customers. As our products mature and unit volumes increase, despite current price leverage, we expect their ASPs to decline in the long term. We continually monitor and work to reduce the cost of our products and improve the potential value our solutions provide to our customers as we target new design win opportunities and manage the product life-cycles of our existing customer designs. We also maintain a close relationship with our suppliers and subcontractors to improve quality, increase yields and lower manufacturing costs. As a result, these declines often coincide with improvements in manufacturing yields and lower wafer, assembly, and testing costs, which offset some or all of the margin reduction that results from declining ASPs. However, we expect our gross margin to fluctuate on a quarterly basis as a result of changes in ASPs due to product mix, new product introductions, transitions into volume manufacturing and manufacturing costs. Gross margin generally decreases if production volumes are lower as a result of decreased demand, which leads to a reduced absorption of our fixed manufacturing costs. Gross margin generally increases when the opposite occurs. 
 Cyclical Nature of the Semiconductor Industry 
 The semiconductor industry has historically been highly cyclical and is characterized by increasingly rapid technological change, product obsolescence, competitive pricing pressures, evolving standards, short product life-cycles and fluctuations in product supply and demand. New technology may result in sudden changes in system designs or platform changes that may render some of our products obsolete and require us to devote significant research and development resources to compete effectively. Periods of rapid growth and capacity expansion are occasionally followed by significant market corrections in which sales decline, inventories accumulate, and facilities go underutilized. During periods of expansion, our margins generally improve as fixed costs are spread over higher manufacturing volumes and unit sales. In addition, we may build inventory to meet increasing market demand for our products during these times, which serves to absorb fixed costs further and increase our gross margins. During an expansion cycle, we may increase capital spending and hiring to add to our production capacity. During periods of slower growth or industry contractions, our sales, production and productivity suffer and margins generally decline. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Net sales 
 Our total net sales are derived from product sales to direct customers and distributors. We sell products globally through our direct sales force, third-party and related party distributors and independent sales representatives. Sales are derived from products for different applications. Our core applications are focused on the automotive, industrial and other industries. 
 46 

We sell magnetic sensor ICs and power ICs in the Americas, EMEA and Asia. Net sales are generally recognized when control of the products is transferred to the customer, which typically occurs at a point in time upon shipment or delivery, depending on the terms of the contract. When we transact with a distributor, our contractual arrangement is with the distributor and not with the end customer. Whether we transact business with and receive the order from a distributor or directly from an end customer through our direct sales force and independent sales representatives, our revenue recognition policy and resulting pattern of revenue recognition for the order are the same. We recognize revenue net of sales returns, price protection adjustments, stock rotation rights and any other discounts or credits offered to our customers. 
 Cost of goods sold, gross profit and gross margin 
 Cost of goods sold consists primarily of costs of purchasing raw materials, costs associated with probe, assembly, test and shipping our products, costs of personnel, including stock-based compensation, costs of equipment associated with manufacturing, procurement, planning and management of these processes, costs of depreciation and amortization, costs of logistics and quality assurance, and costs of royalties, value-added taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance of equipment, and an allocated portion of our facility occupancy costs. 
 Gross profit is calculated as total net sales less cost of goods sold. Gross profit is affected by numerous factors, including average selling price, revenue mix by product, channel and customer, foreign exchange rates, seasonality, manufacturing costs and the effective utilization of our facilities. Another factor impacting gross profit is the time required for the expansion of existing facilities to reach full production capacity. As a result, gross profit varies from period to period and year to year. 
 A significant portion of our costs are fixed and, as a result, costs are generally difficult to adjust or may take time to adjust in response to changes in demand. In addition, our fixed costs increase as we expand our capacity. If we expand capacity faster than required by our sales growth, our gross margin could be negatively affected. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and development R D expenses 
 R D expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs of our research and development organization, including stock-based compensation, costs of development of wafers and masks, license fees for computer-aided design software, costs of development testing and evaluation, costs of developing automated test programs, equipment depreciation and related occupancy and equipment costs. While most of the costs incurred are for new product development, a significant portion of these costs are related to process technology development, and proprietary package development. R D expenses also include costs for technology development by external parties. We expect further increases in R D expenses, in absolute dollars, as we continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new product offerings, as well as increase the headcount of our R D personnel in future years. 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A expenses 
 SG A expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation, and sales commissions to independent sales representatives, professional fees, including the costs of accounting, audit, legal, regulatory and tax compliance. Additionally, costs related to advertising, trade shows, corporate marketing, as well as an allocated portion of our occupancy costs, also comprise SG A expenses. 
 We anticipate our selling and marketing expenses to increase in absolute terms as we expand our sales force and increase our sales and marketing activities. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 The change in fair value of contingent consideration represents the gains and losses recorded in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, resulting from the adjustment in contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Voxtel, Inc. Voxtel . 
 Interest (expense) income, net 
 Interest (expense) income, net is comprised of interest expense from term loan debt and credit facilities that we maintain with various financial institutions. Current expense is partially mitigated by income earned on our cash and cash equivalents, consisting primarily of certain investments that have contractual maturities no greater than three months at the time of purchase. 
 47 

Foreign currency transaction (loss) gain 
 We incur transaction gains and losses resulting from intercompany transactions, as well as transactions with customers or vendors, denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the legal entity in which the transaction is recorded. 
 (Loss) income in earnings of equity investment 
 (Loss) income in earnings of equity investment is related to our equity investment in PSL. 
 Unrealized gains on marketable securities 
 Unrealized gains on marketable securities consist of changes in the fair value of equity investments in an entity whose equity securities have a readily determinable fair value. These investments are measured at fair value with unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the entity s stock price. 
 Other, net 
 Other, net primarily consists of miscellaneous income and expense items unrelated to our core operations. 
 Income tax provision (benefit) 
 Our provision, or benefit, for income taxes is based on an estimate of the annual effective tax rate plus the tax impact of discrete items. 
 We are subject to tax in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Our effective income tax rate fluctuates primarily because of: the change in the mix of our U.S. and foreign income; the impact of discrete transactions and law changes; state tax impacts and the difference between the amount of tax benefits generated by the foreign derived intangible income deduction FDII ), including permanent impacts of 174 Capitalization (as defined below), and research credits, offset by the additional tax costs associated with global intangible low-tax income GILTI ), Subpart F income and non-deductible stock-based compensation charges. 
 Pursuant to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Jobs Act ), beginning in fiscal year 2023, U.S. tax law now requires us to capitalize and amortize domestic and foreign research and development expenditures over five and 15 years, respectively 174 Capitalization ). The impact of 174 Capitalization is an increase in annual cash taxes of approximately 20.0 million and an FDII benefit of 9.5 million. While it is possible that Congress may modify this provision, potentially with retroactive effect, we have no assurance that this provision will be reversed. Additionally, the Internal Revenue Service IRS is expected to issue guidance which may modify this law change. 
 We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes that could result from the examination of our tax returns by the IRS, and other tax authorities to determine the adequacy of our income tax reserves and expense. Should actual events or results differ from our then-current expectations, charges or credits to our provision for income taxes may become necessary. Any such adjustments could have a significant effect on our results of operations. 
 48 

Results of Operations 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year 2022 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022. 
 Fiscal Year Ended Change March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Total net sales (1) 
 973,653 768,674 204,979 26.7 Cost of goods sold (1) 
 427,574 361,214 66,360 18.4 Gross profit 546,079 407,460 138,619 34.0 Operating expenses: Research and development 150,850 121,873 28,977 23.8 Selling, general and administrative 194,722 150,937 43,785 29.0 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (2,800) (2,000) (800) 40.0 Total operating expenses 342,772 270,810 71,962 26.6 Operating income 203,307 136,650 66,657 48.8 Other income (expense), net: Interest expense (2,336) (2,499) 163 (6.5) Interest income 1,724 1,442 282 19.6 Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 980 (568) 1,548 (272.5) Loss (income) in earnings of equity investment (406) 1,007 (1,413) (140.3) Unrealized gains on marketable securities 7,471 3,722 3,749 100.7 Other, net 606 992 (386) (38.9) Total other income, net 8,039 4,096 3,943 96.3 Income before income tax provision 211,346 140,746 70,600 50.2 Income tax provision 23,852 21,191 2,661 12.6 Net income 187,494 119,555 67,939 56.8 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 137 148 (11) (7.4) Net income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 187,357 119,407 67,950 56.9 
 (1) Our total net sales and cost of goods sold for the periods presented above include related party net sales generated through our distribution agreement with Sanken and costs of goods sold related thereto. See our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding our related party net sales and cost of goods sold for the periods set forth above. 
 49 

The following table sets forth our results of operations as a percentage of total net sales for the periods presented. 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 Total net sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 43.9 47.0 Gross profit 56.1 53.0 Operating expenses: Research and development 15.5 15.9 Selling, general and administrative 20.0 19.6 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (0.3) (0.3) Total operating expenses 35.2 35.2 Operating income 20.9 17.8 Other income (expense), net: Interest expense (0.2) (0.3) Interest income 0.1 0.2 Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 0.1 (0.1) Loss (income) in earnings of equity investment -0.1 0.1 Unrealized gains on marketable securities 0.7 0.1 Other, net 0.1 0.5 Total other income, net 0.7 0.5 Income before income tax provision 21.6 18.3 Income tax provision 2.4 2.8 Net income 19.2 15.5 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 19.2 15.5 
 Total net sales 
 Total net sales increased by 205.0 million, or 26.7 , to 973.7 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 from 768.7 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. This increase was primarily attributable to higher shipments related to e-Mobility, which includes our advanced driver assistance systems ADAS and electrified vehicle EV ), and industrial which includes clean energy and automation. 
 
 Sales Trends by Market 
 The following table summarizes total net sales by market. The categorization of net sales by market is based on the characteristics of the end product and application into which our product will be designed. 
 Fiscal Year Ended Change March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 Amount (Dollars in thousands) Automotive 657,479 531,564 125,915 23.7 Industrial 196,705 133,187 63,518 47.7 Other 119,469 103,923 15,546 15.0 Total net sales 973,653 768,674 204,979 26.7 
 The increase in net sales to our end markets was driven by an increase in automotive of 125.9 million, or 23.7 , an increase in industrial of 63.5 million, or 47.7 , and an increase in other of 15.6 million, or 15.0 . 
 50 

Automotive net sales increased in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022 due to the continued higher demand for e-Mobility, which includes ADAS and EV, as well as, safety, comfort and convenience and internal combustion engine ICE applications. 
 Industrial net sales improved in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022, primarily due to increased demand for applications in clean energy and automation. 
 Other net sales improved in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022, primarily due to increases in shipments for certain computer products. 
 Sales Trends by Product 
 The following table summarizes net sales by product: 
 Fiscal Year Ended Change March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 Amount (Dollars in thousands) Magnetic sensors integrated circuits MS 598,579 500,293 98,286 19.6 Power integrated circuits PIC 375,074 268,381 106,693 39.8 Total net sales 973,653 768,674 204,979 26.7 
 The growth in net sales by product was driven by increases in MS product sales of 98.3 million and in PIC product sales of 106.7 million. 
 Sales Trends by Geographic Location 
 The following table summarizes net sales by geographic location based on ship-to location. 
 Fiscal Year Ended Change March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 Amount (Dollars in thousands) Americas: United States 131,150 108,396 22,754 21.0 Other Americas 28,014 23,056 4,958 21.5 EMEA: Europe 169,368 134,537 34,831 25.9 Asia: Japan 160,763 148,813 11,950 8.0 Greater China 253,906 191,895 62,011 32.3 South Korea 96,549 80,451 16,098 20.0 Other Asia 133,903 81,526 52,377 64.2 Total net sales 973,653 768,674 204,979 26.7 
 The increase in net sales across geographic locations in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022 was primarily due to increased volume and content as well as market share gains. 
 The increase in net sales in Japan of 12.0 million, or 8.0 , was primarily driven by higher demand in our industrial sector and higher automotive demand, specifically EV. The increases in net sales of 62.0 million, or 32.3 , in Greater China and 27.7 million, or 21.1 , in the Americas each related to higher automotive demand, primarily in our ADAS, safety, comfort and convenience and EV sectors. Higher year-over-year net sales of 34.8 million, or 25.9 , in Europe, predominantly comprised of higher net sales in Germany and France, was driven by increased demand in automotive and industrial markets. South Korea and Other Asia experienced sales growth of 16.1 million, or 20.0 , and 52.4 million, or 64.2 , respectively, mainly due to increased automotive and industrial demand. 
 51 

Cost of goods sold, gross profit and gross margin 
 Cost of goods sold increased by 66.4 million, or 18.4 , to 427.6 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 from 361.2 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily attributable to higher production volume in support of higher product sales and, to a lesser extent, higher warranty costs incurred. 
 Gross profit increased by 138.6 million, or 34.0 , to 546.1 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 from 407.5 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. The increase in gross profit was driven by a 205.0 million increase in total net sales to all end markets discussed above, partially offset by the impacts to cost of goods sold discussed above. 
 R D expenses 
 R D expenses increased by approximately 29.0 million, or 23.8 , to 150.9 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 from 121.9 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. This increase was primarily due to a combined 21.1 million increase in employee salaries, including incentive compensation, contract labor, and inventory and supplies costs, a 5.6 million increase in stock-based compensation expense and a combined 2.3 million increase in general operating costs. 
 R D expenses represented 15.5 of our total net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, a decrease from 15.9 of our total net sales for the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. This percentage decrease was primarily due to the growth in our net sales in 2023. 
 SG A expenses 
 SG A expenses increased by 43.8 million, or 29.0 , to 194.7 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 from 150.9 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. This increase was primarily due to a 20.8 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, including accelerated expense from the retirement of our former chief executive officer, an increase of 17.5 million in employee-related personnel costs, including incentive compensation, and a 5.6 million increase in combined general operating expenses. 
 SG A expenses represented 20.0 of our total net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, representing an increase from 19.6 of our total net sales for the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. This percentage increase was primarily due to the impacts noted above, partially offset by the growth in net sales in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 The change in fair value of contingent consideration reflected a 0.8 million increase in losses in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, resulting from the write-down in contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Voxtel in 2021. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net decreased by 0.5 million to 0.6 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 from 1.1 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. The decrease in interest expense, net was primarily due to higher interest income received from investments and a related party, partially offset by higher mandatory interest payments from increases in the variable interest rate on our Term Loan Facility during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 
 We recorded a foreign currency transaction gain of 1.0 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, compared to a loss of 0.6 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. The foreign currency transaction gain recorded in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was primarily due to realized and unrealized gains from our United Kingdom location, partially offset by realized and unrealized losses from our Philippines location. 
 (Loss) income in earnings of equity investment 
 Loss (income) in earnings of equity investment reflected losses of 0.4 million and gains of 1.0 million in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, respectively, representing the earnings on our 30 investment in PSL. 
 Unrealized gains on marketable securities 
 Unrealized gains on marketable securities increased by 3.8 million to 7.5 million in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 compared to 3.7 million in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022, due to the increase in the value of the marketable security. 
 52 

Other, net 
 Other, net decreased by approximately 0.4 million to 0.6 million of gains in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 from 1.0 million of gains in the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. This change was largely attributable to disposals of property, plant and equipment, partially offset by dividends earned and reinvested on money market investments during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 Income tax provision 
 Income tax provision and the effective income tax rate were 23.9 million and 11.3 , respectively, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and 21.2 million and 15.1 , respectively, for the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. The effective tax rate ETR year-over-year was primarily impacted by FDII deductions, increased FDII benefits related to 174 Capitalization, a reduction in state taxes and an increase in current year non-deductible executive compensation expense. 174 Capitalization increased U.S. taxable income, cash taxes and FDII benefits. The FDII benefits, and state tax benefits are offset in the current fiscal year by increased non-deductible executive compensation and discrete tax impacts year-over-year. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had 351.6 million of cash and cash equivalents and 500.5 million of working capital, compared to 282.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and 407.5 million of working capital as of March 25, 2022. Working capital is impacted by the timing and extent of our business needs. 
 Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are working capital, capital expenditures, principal and interest payments on our outstanding debt and other general corporate needs. Historically, these cash requirements have been met through cash provided by operating activities and cash and cash equivalents. Our current capital deployment strategy for 2024 is to utilize cash on hand to support our continued growth initiatives into select markets, planned capital expenditures and strategic arrangements, as well as consider potential acquisitions. As of March 31, 2023, the Company is not party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. The cash requirements for the upcoming fiscal year relate to our operating leases, operating and capital purchase commitments and expected contributions to our defined benefit and contribution plans. Additionally, we expect to invest in expanding our operations in China, Europe and Japan in order to directly manage and service our customers in that market, which could result in increases in our total net sales, cost of goods sold and operating expenses. For information regarding the Company s expected cash requirements and timing of payments related to leases and noncancellable purchase commitments, see Note 12, Leases and Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies to the audited consolidated financial statements. Additionally, refer to Note 15, Retirement Plans to the audited consolidated financial statements for more information related to the Company s pension and defined contribution plans. 
 On September 30, 2020, we (i) entered into a term loan credit agreement with Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders party thereto, providing for a 325.0 million senior secured term loan facility due in fiscal 2028 (the Term Loan Facility ), and (ii) entered into a revolving facility credit agreement with Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders party thereto, providing for a 50.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility expiring in 2023 (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). We are obligated to pay interest on the outstanding debt balances, and the principal outstanding is due in fiscal year 2028. 
 We believe that our existing cash will be sufficient to finance our continued operations, growth strategy, planned capital expenditures and the additional expenses that we expect to incur during the next 12 months. In order to support and achieve our future growth plans, we may need or seek advantageously to obtain additional funding through equity or debt financing. We believe that our current operating structure will facilitate sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy our expected long-term liquidity requirements beyond the next 12 months. If these resources are not sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements due to changes in circumstances, we may be required to seek additional financing. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may contain covenants that significantly restrict our operations or our ability to obtain additional debt financing in the future. Any additional financing that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. We cannot assure you that we would be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us or our existing stockholders, or at all. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited and could prevent us from executing our growth strategy. 
 53 

Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the fiscal years ended 2023 and 2022: 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 (dollars in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 193,206 156,129 Net cash used in investing activities (99,696) (66,271) Net cash used in financing activities (19,998) (5,307) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (4,606) 1,373 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 68,906 85,924 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 193.2 million in fiscal year 2023, resulting primarily from our net income of 187.5 million and non-cash charges of 61.2 million, partially offset by a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of 55.5 million. Net changes in operating assets and liabilities consisted mostly of a 75.2 million increase in inventories, a 23.3 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, and a 12.5 million increase in trade accounts receivable, net, partially offset by a 22.9 million increase in accrued expenses and other current and long-term liabilities, an 18.3 million increase in net amounts due from related parties and a 12.0 million increase in trade accounts payable. The increase in inventories was primarily a result of raw materials purchases and inventory builds to support anticipated sales growth in 2024. The increase in prepaid expenses and other assets was primarily due to the higher fair value of strategic investments, long-term deposits and income taxes receivable, including VAT receivables. The increase in trade accounts receivable, net was primarily a result of increased sales year-over-year, as well as the timing of receipts. The increases in trade accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current and long-term liabilities were primarily due to the timing of payments to suppliers and vendors, including unpaid capital expenditures of 16.4 million, and higher accrued personnel costs, warranty costs, professional fees, income taxes, and accrued operating expenses, partially offset by a reduction in the balance due on the acquisition of Voxtel. The decrease in other receivables was primarily due to the timing of receipts from Sanken, as well as the transition to our direct operations in Japan from the distributor model. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 156.1 million in fiscal year 2022, resulting primarily from our net income of 119.6 million and non-cash charges of 89.9 million, partially offset by a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of 53.3 million. Net changes in operating assets and liabilities consisted mostly of a 19.5 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, an 18.3 million increase in trade accounts receivable, net, a 4.5 million increase in inventories, a 4.3 million decrease in trade accounts payable, and a 3.4 million decrease in accrued expenses and other current and long-term liabilities. The increase in prepaid expenses and other assets was primarily due to higher long-term deposits and income taxes receivable, partially offset by lower prepayments of taxes, including VAT receivables. The increase in trade accounts receivable, net was primarily a result of increased sales year-over-year, as well as the timing of receipts. The increase in inventories was primarily a result of raw materials purchases and inventory builds to support anticipated sales growth in 2023. The decreases in trade accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current and long-term liabilities were primarily due to the release of deposits related to the sale of our AMTC Facility and the reduction of the balance due on the Voxtel acquisition, as well as the timing of payments of purchases. These decreases were partially offset by higher accrued personnel costs, particularly for management incentive bonuses, higher operating purchases, including unpaid capital expenditures of 2.0 million, and higher income taxes due. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 99.7 million in fiscal year 2023, consisting of 79.8 million of purchases of property, plant and equipment and payments related to the acquisition of Heyday of 19.9 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 66.3 million in fiscal year 2022, consisting of 69.9 million of purchases of property, plant and equipment, 14.5 million of cash expended for the acquisition of Voxtel and purchases of marketable securities of 9.2 million, partially offset by 27.4 million of cash received for the sale of the AMTC Facility. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 20.0 million in fiscal year 2023, consisting of funds loaned to PSL of 7.5 million and 18.1 million of payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by 2.8 
 54 

million of proceeds received related to the quarterly payments from PSL on our related party loan and proceeds received in connection with the issuance of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan totaling 2.8 million. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 5.3 million in fiscal year 2022, consisting of funds loaned to PSL of 7.5 million, partially offset by 2.2 million of proceeds received in connection with the issuance of common stock under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, net of payments for taxes related to the net settlement of equity awards. 
 
 Debt Obligations 
 See Note 13, Debt and Other Borrowings in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for information regarding our debt obligations, including our term loans and credit facilities. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and disclosures of contingencies at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Such estimates relate to useful lives of intangible assets, goodwill, stock-based compensation, and sales allowances. Such estimates could also relate to the net realizable value of inventory, accrued liabilities, and deferred tax valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to our financial statements. We believe that the accounting policies described below require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. Judgments or uncertainties affecting the application of these policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding these and our other significant accounting policies. 
 Sales Allowances 
 Sales allowances include sales in which the amount of consideration that we will receive is unknown as of the end of a reporting period. Such consideration primarily includes limited price protection provisions provided to distributors. We estimate potential future sales allowances based on historical data from prior sales adjustments. Historical experience can change over time. As a result, estimated sales allowances may differ significantly from that recorded in the current and historical periods. See Note 6, Trade Accounts Receivable, Net to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the change in sales allowances. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of business, which consists primarily of interest rates risk associated with our cash and cash equivalents and our debt, foreign currency risk and impact of inflation. We do not engage in speculative trading activities. The following analysis provides additional information regarding these risks. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our investments have limited exposure to market risk. At March 31, 2023, we maintained a portfolio of cash and cash equivalents, consisting primarily of money market funds. None of these investments have a maturity date in excess of one year. Certain interest rates are variable and fluctuate with current market conditions. Because of the short-term nature of these instruments, we would not expect a sudden change in market interest rates to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are also exposed to market risk as a result of increases or decreases in the amount of interest expense we must pay on our Term Loan Facility and borrowings on our bank credit facilities. Although our Term Loan Facility and credit facilities 
 55 

have variable rates, as of March 31, 2023, we do not believe that a 10 change in market interest rates would have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Due to our international operations, a significant portion of our cost of sales and operating expenses is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, principally the Euro and the Philippine Peso. As a result, our international operations give rise to transactional market risk associated with exchange rate movements of the U.S. Dollar, the Euro and the Philippine Peso. We reflected foreign exchange gains of 1.0 million and losses of 0.6 million for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively. Based on fiscal 2023 performance, a hypothetical appreciation (decline) in the value of the Euro in relation to the U.S. dollar of 10 would favorably (negatively) impact operating income by immaterial amounts. A hypothetical 10 appreciation (decline) in the value of the Philippine peso in relation to the U.S. dollar would negatively (favorably) impact operating income by immaterial amounts. The individual impacts to our operating income of hypothetical currency fluctuations have been calculated in isolation from any potential responses to address such exchange rate changes in our foreign markets. 
 In addition, we are exposed to foreign currency translation risk for those subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar as changes in the value of their functional currency relative to the U.S. Dollar can adversely affect the translated amounts of our sales, expenses, net income, assets and liabilities. This can, in turn, affect the reported value and relative growth of sales and net income from one period to the next. In addition, changes in the translated value of assets and liabilities due to changes in functional currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar result in foreign currency translation adjustments that are a component of other comprehensive income or loss. Foreign currency derivative instruments can be used to hedge exposures and reduce the risks of certain foreign currency transactions; however, these instruments provide only limited protection and can carry significant cost. We have no foreign currency derivative instrument hedges as of March 31, 2023. We will continue to analyze our exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations and may engage in financial hedging techniques in the future to attempt to minimize the effect of these potential fluctuations. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our financial results in the future. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Inflationary factors, such as increases in overhead costs or the costs of other core operating resources, may adversely affect our operating results. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we do not believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our historical results of operations and financial condition have been material. We cannot assure that future inflationary or other cost pressures will not have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition in the future. 
 56 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our audited consolidated financial statements, together with the report of our independent registered public accounting firms, appear at pages F-1 through F-38 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears on page F-2 . 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 On May 24, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board adopted and approved amended and restated bylaws (as so amended and restated, the Bylaws of the Company, effective immediately. Among other things, the amendments to the Bylaws: 
 Address the universal proxy rules adopted by the SEC, by clarifying that no person may solicit proxies in support of a director nominee other than the Board s nominees unless such person has complied with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, including applicable notice and solicitation requirements; 
 Require that any stockholder soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, with the white proxy card reserved for exclusive use by the Board; 
 Revise the advance notice disclosure requirements contained in the Bylaws to require a stockholder proposing business or nominating directors to provide additional information and permit the Company reasonably to request additional information; 
 57 

Update provisions related to the preparation and availability of the list of stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting to align with changes made to Section 219 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware; 
 Clarify the process for calling a special meeting of stockholders; and 
 Clarify that the existing Federal forum selection provision is intended to benefit third parties, in addition to the Company and its officers and directors. 
 The amendments also include certain technical, conforming, modernizing or clarifying changes to the Bylaws. The foregoing description of the changes to the Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 3.2 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Certain of the information required hereunder is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement is anticipated to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after March 31, 2023. Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, additional information required hereunder relating to our executive officers is contained in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Information about our Executive Officers." 
 Our board of directors has adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions). A copy of the Code is posted on our website, www.allegromicro.com . We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our website at the address specified above. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required hereunder is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement is anticipated to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after March 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required hereunder is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement is anticipated to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after March 31, 
 121 

2023, with the exception of the information regarding securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, which is set forth below. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of March 31, 2023: 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 
 (a) 2 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights 
 (b) 3 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 1 
 5,445,261 16,131,024 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders Total 5,445,261 16,131,024 
 1 As of March 31, 2023, there were 13,445,666 shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2020 Plan ), 2,685,358 under the 2020 ESPP. 
 2 As of March 31, 2023, there were 3,194,037 PSUs issued at target and 2,251,224 RSUs included in this amount. 
 3 No exercise price has been derived as a result of all derivatives issued being PSUs and RSUs. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required hereunder is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement is anticipated to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after March 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required hereunder is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement is anticipated to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after March 31, 2023. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements. 
 The following financial statements are included in this Form 10-K from page F-1 to page F-38 : 
 Reports of Independent Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Numbers and 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 122 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown on the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit 
 2.1 Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2020, by and among Polar Semiconductor, LLC, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Sanken Electric Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2020) 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of common stock (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 21, 2020) 
 4.2 Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of June 16 , 202 2 , by and among Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., Sanken Electric Co., Ltd. and OEP SKNA, L.P. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 . 1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21 , 202 2 
 4.3 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Company, Sanken Electric Co. and OEP SKNA, L.P. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2020) 
 4.4 Description of securities (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K on May 19, 2021) 
 4.5 Form of Indenture (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR filed on November 1, 2021) 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Polar Semiconductor, LLC, dated as of March 28, 2020, by and among Polar Semiconductor, LLC, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Sanken Electric Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 (Exhibit B) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.2 Wafer Foundry Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2013, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Polar Semiconductor, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to Wafer Foundry Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Polar Semiconductor, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 (Exhibit C) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.4 Letter Agreement regarding FY21 Price Support, dated as of March 28, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Polar Semiconductor, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 (Exhibit D) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.5 Letter Agreement regarding Consolidation of Technology Agreements, by and among Allegro MicroSystems, LLC, Sanken Electric Co., Ltd. and Polar Semiconductor, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 (Exhibit F) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.6 Distribution Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2007, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Sanken Electric Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 123 

10.7 Amended and Restated Transfer Pricing Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2020, by and among Sanken Electric Co., Ltd., Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Polar Semiconductor, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 (Exhibit I) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.8 Sales Representative Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2007, by and between Sanken Electric Co., Ltd. and Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 21, 2020) 
 10.9 Royalty Sharing Agreement, dated as of September 3, 2013, by and between Sanken Electric Co., Ltd. and Allegro MicroSystems, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 21, 2020) 
 10.10 Sublease Agreement, by and between Allegro MicroSystems Business Development, Inc. and Sanken Electric Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 6, 2020) 
 10.11 Contract of Lease, dated as of April 1, 2004, by and between Allegro MicroSystems Phils. Realty, Inc. and Allegro MicroSystems Philippines, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 6 , 2020) 
 10.12 Contract of Lease, dated as of May 23, 2008, by and between Allegro MicroSystems Phils. Realty, Inc. and Allegro MicroSystems Philippines, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 6 , 2020) 
 10.13 Contract of Lease, dated as of February 10, 2010, by and between Allegro MicroSystems Phils. Realty, Inc. and Allegro MicroSystems Philippines, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 6 , 2020) 
 10.14 Contract of Lease, dated as of December 29, 2017, by and between Allegro MicroSystems Phils. Realty, Inc. and Allegro MicroSystems Philippines, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 6 , 2020) 
 10.15 Director Offer Letter, dated as of June 28, 2018, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Reza Kazerounian (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 6, 2020) 
 10.16 Amended and Restated Allegro MicroSystems, LLC Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of September 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.17 Form of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on October 30, 2020) 
 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (Employees) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 19, 2021) 
 10.19 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (Executives) 
 10.20 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (Board of Directors) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 21, 2020) 
 10.21 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 19, 2021) 
 
 124 

10.22 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 10.23 Form of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on October 30, 2020) 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Michael C. Doogue (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.39 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.25 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Max R. Glover (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.40 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.26 Offer Letter, dated as of October 15, 2021, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Sharon Briansky (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2022) 
 10.27 Offer Letter, dated January 6, 2022, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Derek D Antilio (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2022) 
 10.28 Severance Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2022, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Derek D Antilio (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2022) 
 10.29 Amendment to Severance Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2023, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Derek D Antilio 
 10.30 Severance Agreement, dated as of dated as of December 6, 2021, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Sharon S. Briansky (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2022) 
 10.31 Amendment to Severance Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2023, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Sharon S. Briansky 
 10.32 Form of Severance Agreement between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and its executive officers 
 10.33 Summary of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 1, 2023) 
 10.34 Employment Agreement, dated May 2, 2022, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Vineet Nargolwala (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022) 
 10.35 Second Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated May 6, 2022, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Ravi Vig (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022) 
 10.36 Letter Agreement, dated May 6, 2022, between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Ravi Vig (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022) 
 10.37 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 21, 2020) 
 10.38 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13 , 2020) 
 
 125 

10.39 Term Loan Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., the other grantors party thereto from time to time, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as collateral agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.45 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13 , 2020) 
 10.40 Revolving Facility Credit Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13 , 2020) 
 10.41 Revolving Facility Security Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., the other grantors party thereto from time to time, and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as collateral agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on October 13, 2020) 
 10.42 Loan Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2021, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Polar Semiconductor, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 2, 2022) 
 10.43 Wafer Foundry Agreement, effective January 26, 2023, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Polar Semiconductor, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 1, 2023) 
 10.44 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2021, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Suman Narayan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 1, 2023) 
 10.45 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Thomas Teebagy, Sr (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 1, 2023) 
 10.46 Retirement Separation Letter Agreement between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Thomas C. Teebagy, Jr., dated February 16, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 22, 2023) 
 10.47 Amended and Restated Severance Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC, Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Joanne Valente (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 1, 2023) 
 10.48 Transition Agreement by and among Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Sanken Electric Co., Ltd., dated as of September 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on Oct ober 3 , 202 2 
 10.49 Termination of the Distribution Agreement by and between Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and Sanken Electric Co., Ltd., effective March 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 10.50 Distribution Agreement by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Sanken Electric Co., Ltd., effective April 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 10.51 Consulting Agreement by and between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC and Sanken Electric Co., Ltd., effective April 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10. 3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 
 23.2 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 126 

31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 filed herewith) 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 Certification is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 Portions of this exhibit (indicated by [XXX] have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, because they are both (i) not material and (ii) would likely cause competitive harm to the registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on May 25, 2023. 
 127 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. By: /s/ Vineet Nargolwala Vineet Nargolwala President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Derek P. D'Antilio and Sharon S. Briansky, and each or any of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments or supplements (including post-effective amendments) to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Vineet Nargolwala President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal 
 May 25, 2023 Vineet Nargolwala Executive Officer) and Director 
 /s/ Derek P. D Antilio Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) May 25, 2023 Derek P. D Antilio /s/ Roald G. Webster Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer May 25, 2023 Roald G. Webster /s/ Yoshihiro (Zen) Suzuki Chairman of the Board of Directors May 25, 2023 Yoshihiro (Zen) Suzuki /s/ David Aldrich Director May 25, 2023 David Aldrich /s/ Andrew Dunn Director May 25, 2023 Andrew Dunn /s/ Kojiro Hatano 
 Director May 25, 2023 Kojiro Hatano /s/ Katsumi Kawashima 
 Director May 25, 2023 Katsumi Kawashima /s/ Reza Kazerounian Director May 25, 2023 Reza Kazerounian /s/ Richard Lury Director May 25, 2023 Richard Lury /s/ Susan Lynch Director May 25, 2023 Susan Lynch /s/ Joseph Martin Director May 25, 2023 Joseph Martin /s/ Paul Carl (Chip) Schorr IV Director May 25, 2023 Paul Carl (Chip) Schorr IV 

128 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 238 
 F- 2 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 F- 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 11 
 
 F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 F-2 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Sales Allowance 
 As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, variable consideration such as sales allowance includes sales in which the amount of consideration that the Company will receive is unknown as of the end of the reporting period. Such consideration primarily includes limited price protection provisions provided to distributors, sales under agreements that allow rights of return, referred to as stock rotation, provided to distributors, discounts and credits provided to distributors and returns provisions offered to direct customers, which make up a portion of total net sales of 973.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2023. The liability associated with the sales allowance makes up a significant portion of returns and sales allowances, which was 30.6 million as of March 31, 2023. Management estimates potential future returns, credits and sales allowances based on historical data from prior sales returns and credits issued and changes in product sales to customers. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition - sales allowance is a critical audit matter are a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the sales allowance and the liability related to the sales allowance transactions. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to sales allowances and the liability related to the sales allowance transactions. These procedures also included, among others, evaluating a sample of sales allowance and the liability related to the sales allowance transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, including invoices and invoice credits related to the sales allowance program, and customer arrangements or promotional practices, where applicable. 
 /s/ 
 
 May 25, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 
 F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 25, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes of equity, and cash flows for the fiscal periods ended March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 25, 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal periods ended March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 
 May 18, 2022 
 F-4 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except par value and share amounts) 

 March 31, 2023 
 March 25, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade accounts receivable, net of provision for expected credit losses of and at March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, respectively 
 Trade and other accounts receivable due from related party Accounts receivable - other Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current portion of related party notes receivable Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred income tax assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Related party notes receivable, less current portion Equity investment in related party Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities, Non-Controlling Interests and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Amounts due to related parties Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Obligations due under Senior Secured Credit Facilities Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Stockholders' Equity: Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at March 25, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Equity attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. Non-controlling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities, non-controlling interests and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 March 26, 2021 Net sales Net sales to related party Total net sales Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold to related party Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Selling, general and administrative Impairment of long-lived assets Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) ) Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Loss on debt extinguishment ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) ) ) (Loss) income in earnings of equity investment ) Unrealized gains on marketable securities Other, net ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. Net income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 March 26, 2021 Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) amortization of net transition obligation and prior service costs related to defined benefit plans, net of tax of ), ) and in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Comprehensive income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Common Stock, Class A Common Stock, Class L Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at March 27, 2020 ) Net income Issuance of Class L shares, net of forfeitures Capitalization changes related to organizational structure of affiliates and direct and indirect interests in subsidiaries ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock in connection with IPO, net of underwriting discounts and other offering costs Conversion of Class A and Class L common stock into common stock in connection with the IPO ) ) ) ) ) Repurchase of Class A and Class L common stock to cover related taxes ) ) ) ) ) Conversion of LTCIP/TRIP awards into restricted stock units in connection with the IPO Cash dividend paid to holders of Class A common stock ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Net actuarial loss and amortization of net transition obligation and prior service costs related to defined benefit plans, net of tax ) ) Balance at March 26, 2021 ) Net income Employee stock purchase plan issuances Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Payments of taxes withheld on net settlement of equity awards ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Net actuarial gain and amortization of net transition obligation and prior service costs related to defined benefit plans, net of tax Balance at Balance at March 25, 2022 ) Net income Cash dividends to non-controlling interest ) ) Employee stock purchase plan issuances Stock-based compensation, net of forfeitures Payments of taxes withheld on net settlement of equity awards ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Net actuarial gain and amortization of net transition obligation and prior service costs related to defined benefit plans, net of tax Balance at Balance at March 31, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 March 26, 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Loss (gain) on disposal of assets ) Loss on debt extinguishment Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) ) Impairment of long-lived assets Provisions for inventory writedowns and receivables reserves ) Unrealized gains on marketable securities ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable ) ) ) Accounts receivable - other ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Trade accounts payable ) Due to/from related parties ) Accrued expenses and other current and long-term liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment Investments in marketable securities ) Contribution of cash balances due to divestiture of subsidiary 
 ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Loans made to related party ) ) Receipts on related party notes receivable Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and other offering costs Payments for taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under equity award and purchase plans awards ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest ) Dividends paid ) Borrowings of senior secured debt, net of deferred financing costs Repayment of senior secured debt ) Repayment of unsecured credit facilities ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash at beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF PERIOD: RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents and Restricted cash at end of period 
 F-9 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - continued 
 (in thousands) 

 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Non-cash transactions: Property, plant and equipment purchases included in trade accounts payable ) ) ) Assets held for sale transferred from property, plant and equipment, net Loans to cover purchase of common stock under employee stock plan Noncash lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-10 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

1. 
 locations across continents. 
 Financial Periods 
 The Company s fiscal year is the 52-week or 53-week period ending on the Friday closest to the last day in March. The Company s 2023 fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 fiscal year 2023 was a 53-week period, while the 2022 fiscal year ended March 25, 2022 fiscal year 2022 and 2021 fiscal year ended March 26, 2021 fiscal year 2021 were 52-week periods. 
 
 2. 
 segment which involves the design, development, production and distribution of various integrated circuits in various markets worldwide. The Company has a single, company-wide management team that administers all properties as a whole rather than as discrete operating segments. The chief operating decision maker, who is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, measures financial performance as a single enterprise and not on a legal entity or end market basis. Throughout the year, the chief operating decision maker allocates capital resources on a project-by-project basis across the Company s entire asset base to maximize profitability without regard to a legal entity or end market basis. The Company operates in a number of countries throughout the world in a variety of product lines through its business unit structure. 
 F-11 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 of the equity interest in this entity, and the remaining is held in a trust for the benefit of its employee retirement fund. The portion of the results of operations of this entity is shown as net income attributable to the non-controlling interests in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. Additionally, the cumulative portion of the results of operations of this entity along with the interest in the net assets is shown as a component of non-controlling interests in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 realized or unrealized gains or losses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021. The Company has restricted cash, the use of which is restricted to the benefit of employees through a deferred compensation program. 
 F-12 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

years 
 Building improvements Economic life of the building improvements Leasehold improvements The shorter of the remaining term of the lease or estimated useful life Machinery and equipment - years 
 Office equipment years 
 
 . 
 F-13 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 reporting unit for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. 
 In testing goodwill for impairment, the Company has the option to first consider qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Such qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, economic conditions, entity-specific financial performance and other events, such as changes in management, strategy and primary customer base. If based on the Company s qualitative assessment it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, quantitative impairment testing is required. However, if the Company concludes otherwise, quantitative impairment testing is not required. The results of the Company s qualitative goodwill impairment test performed on the first business day of fourth quarter for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 did not indicate any impairments. 
 F-14 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

and accrued as of March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, respectively. 
 F-15 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 contract assets as of March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022. 
 Contract liabilities typically result from billings in excess of revenues recognized and relate to products shipped near the end of the reporting period for which the required revenue recognition criteria were not met. The Company had significant contract liabilities as of March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022. 
 F-16 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

F-17 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 The Company has not experienced any significant credit losses during the prior two years. 
 As of March 31, 2023, Sanken and our largest, non-affiliated distributor accounted for and , respectively, of the Company s outstanding trade accounts receivable, net, respectively, including related party trade accounts receivable. As of March 25, 2022, Sanken and our largest, non-affiliated distributor accounted for and , respectively, of the Company s outstanding trade accounts receivable, net, respectively, including related party trade accounts receivable. No other customers accounted for 10 or more of outstanding trade accounts receivable, net as of such dates. 
 For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, Sanken accounted for , and of total net sales, respectively. For the same periods, sales to our largest, non-affiliated distributor accounted for , , and of total net sales, respectively. No other customers accounted for 10 or more of total net sales for any of these periods. See Note 20, Related Party Transactions for a discussion of the termination, distribution and consulting agreements between Sanken and the Company to transition the marketing and sale of the Company s products in Japan from Sanken to the Company. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, sales from customers located outside of the United States in the aggregate accounted for of the Company s total net sales, with Japan accounting for and Greater China accounting for . No other countries accounted for greater than 10.0 of total net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022, sales from customers located outside of the United States in the aggregate accounted for of the Company s total net sales, with Japan accounting for , Greater China accounting for and South Korea accounting for . No other countries accounted for greater than 10.0 of total net sales for the fiscal year ended March 25, 2022. 
 During the fiscal year ended March 26, 2021, sales from customers located outside of the United States in the aggregate accounted for of the Company s total net sales, with Japan accounting for , Greater China accounting for and South Korea accounting for . No other countries accounted for greater than 10.0 of total net sales for the fiscal year ended March 26, 2021. 
 F-18 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

3. 
 , consisting of cash consideration paid directly to the owners of Heyday and paid on their behalf for the settlement of certain outstanding debts and other obligations. 
 The Heyday Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination, and the Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values as of the date of acquisition. The allocation of the purchase price was based upon a valuation, and the Company s estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date) which is not yet finalized. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments to various accounts resulting in a decrease in goodwill of . 
 Property and equipment Completed technology In-process research and development Assets acquired Current liabilities assumed ) Net deferred tax liability ) Net assets acquired Total estimated fair value of consideration ) Goodwill 
 Completed technology assets are amortized over an estimated useful life of years. The acquired in-process research and development costs were determined to have an indefinite useful life. 
 Amortization of completed technology is included within cost of goods sold and consists of PowerThru technology that accomplishes gate driver power and signal transmission through an integrated transformer, reducing the size and complexity of the gate drive solution. The in-process research and development assets represent efforts to expand the power 
 F-19 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 reporting unit and was included in the Company s enterprise-level annual review for impairment. Goodwill resulting from the Heyday Acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 The income before income taxes from the Heyday Acquisition were immaterial to the Company s consolidated results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. The Company has not presented pro forma results of operations for the Heyday Acquisition because it is not material to the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 4. 
 Industrial Other Total net sales 
 Magnetic sensors MS Total net sales 
 Other Americas EMEA: Europe Asia: Japan Greater China South Korea Other Asia Total net sales 
 F-20 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 and , respectively, and were netted against trade accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Unsatisfied performance obligations primarily represent contracts for products with future delivery dates. The Company elected not to disclose the amount of unsatisfied performance obligations as these contracts have original expected durations of less than one year. 
 
 5. 
 Restricted cash: Money market fund deposits Other assets, net (long-term): Investments in marketable securities Total assets 
 Fair Value Measurement at March 25, 2022 Using: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Cash equivalents: Money market fund deposits Restricted cash: Money market fund deposits Other assets, net (long-term): Investments in marketable securities Total assets Liabilities: Other long-term liabilities: Contingent consideration Total liabilities 
 Unrealized gains and losses recognized during the reporting period on equity securities still held at the reporting date 
 In addition to the unrealized gains in the table above, the change in fair value of the equity securities was impacted by unrealized foreign currency exchange gains of and losses of for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, respectively. 
 F-21 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 . The fair value of the liabilities for the contingent payments recognized upon the Voxtel Acquisition as part of the purchase accounting opening balance sheet totaled and was estimated by discounting to present value the probability-weighted contingent payments expected to be made. Assumptions used in this calculation were units sold, expected revenue, discount rate and various probability factors. The ultimate settlement of contingent consideration could deviate from current estimates based on the actual results of these financial measures. This liability is considered to be a Level 3 financial liability that is remeasured during each reporting period. The change in fair value of contingent consideration for the Voxtel Acquisition is included in change in fair value of contingent consideration in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Balance at March 25, 2022 Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis also consist of marketable securities, unit investment trust funds, loans, bonds, stock and other investments, which constitute the Company s defined benefit plan assets. Fair value information for those assets and liabilities, including their classification in the fair value hierarchy, is included in Note 15, Retirement Plans. 
 During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, there were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3. 
 
 6. 
 Less: Provision for expected credit losses ) ) Returns and sales allowances ) ) Related party trade accounts receivable, net of returns and sales allowances ) ) Total 
 F-22 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Provisions ) Deductions ) ) Balance at March 26, 2021 Provisions ) Deductions ) ) Balance at March 25, 2022 Provisions ) Deductions ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 
 7. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 The Company recorded inventory write-offs totaling , and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, respectively. 

8. 
 Buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Office equipment Construction in progress Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 The Company retired , and of fully depreciated assets during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, respectively. Total depreciation expense amounted to , and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, respectively. 
 F-23 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Philippines Other Total 
 
 9. 
 Foreign currency translation ) Balance at March 25, 2022 Goodwill arising from acquisition Foreign currency translation Balance at March 31, 2023 
 years Customer relationships years Process technology years Indefinite-lived process technology and trademarks Trademarks and other years Total 
 March 25, 2022 Description Gross Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted-Average Lives Patents years Customer relationships years Process technology years Indefinite-lived process technology and trademarks Trademarks and other years Total 
 Intangible assets amortization expense was , and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, respectively. 
 F-24 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 10. 
 Income taxes receivable long-term Investments in equity securities (1) 
 Deposits Long-term prepaid contracts Other Total 
 (1) Represents equity investments in an entity whose equity securities have a readily determinable fair value. These strategic investments represent less than a 20 ownership interest in the entity, and the Company does not maintain power over or control of the entity. These investments are measured at fair value with unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the entity s stock price and the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates each included in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 11. 
 Accrued salaries and wages Accrued warranty costs Accrued vacation Accrued professional fees Accrued income taxes Other current liabilities Total 
 
 12. 
 years. The Company does not have any leases classified as finance leases. Some leases include one or more options to exercise renewal terms, generally at the Company s sole discretion, that can extend the lease term. Certain leases contain rights to terminate whereby those termination options are held by either the Company, the lessor, or both parties. These options to extend or terminate a lease are included in the lease term only when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company s leases generally do not contain any material restrictive covenants. 
 F-25 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Short term lease expense Other information: Cash paid for operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 13. 
 will be due for repayment in fiscal year 2028. 
 On September 30, 2020, the Company entered into a term loan credit agreement with Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders party thereto, providing for a senior secured term loan facility due in fiscal year 2028 (the Term Loan Facility ). On September 30, 2020, the Company also entered into a revolving facility credit agreement with Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents, arrangers and lenders party thereto, providing for a senior secured revolving credit facility expiring in 2023 (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by a lien on the same collateral and on the same basis as the Term Loan Facility. Interest on the Term Loan Facility is calculated at LIBOR plus to based on the Company s net leverage ratio, and LIBOR is subject to a floor. The Company s outstanding borrowings bore an interest rate of at March 31, 2023. The Company had outstanding borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility as of March 31, 2023. 
 
 14. 
 Provision for uncertain tax positions Other long-term liabilities Total 
 F-26 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 15. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net transition asset ) Amortization of prior service cost ) Actuarial loss Net periodic pension expense 
 Service cost Interest cost Prior service cost ) Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Underfunded status at end of year ) ) 
 F-27 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Plan assets Accumulated benefit obligations 
 2022 change in AOCI for non-U.S. defined benefit plan ) ) ) Amounts in AOCI before tax ) Less tax expense ) Balance, March 25, 2022, net of tax ) 2023 change in AOCI for non-U.S. defined benefit plan ) ) Amounts in AOCI before tax ) Less tax expense ) Balance, March 31, 2023, net of tax ) 
 There is no significant actuarial net gain or loss included in AOCI as of March 31, 2023 that is expected to be amortized into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company does not expect a significant return of plan assets during the next 12 months. 
 Assumptions and Investment Policies 
 Non-U.S. rate of compensation increase 
 Weighted-Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 March 31, 2023 March 25, 2022 March 26, 2021 Non-U.S. assumed discount rate Non-U.S. expected long-term return on plan assets Non-U.S. rate of compensation increase 
 F-28 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Unit investment trust fund Loans Bonds Stocks and other investments Total 
 Fair Value at March 25, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets of non-U.S. defined benefit plan: Government securities Unit investment trust fund Loans Bonds Stocks and other investments Total 
 Additions during the year Redemptions during the year ) Revaluation of equity securities Change in foreign currency exchange rates Balance at March 26, 2021 Additions during the year Redemptions during the year ) Revaluation of equity securities ) Change in foreign currency exchange rates ) ) Balance at March 25, 2022 Additions during the year Redemptions during the year ) Revaluation of equity securities Change in foreign currency exchange rates ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 
 The investments in the Company s major benefit plans largely consist of low-cost, broad-market index funds to mitigate risks of concentration within the market sectors. In recent years, the Company s investment policy has shifted toward a closer matching of the interest-rate sensitivity of the plan assets and liabilities. The appropriate mix of equity and bond investments is determined primarily through the use of detailed asset-liability modeling studies that look to balance the 
 F-29 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 , and to its non-U.S. pension plan, respectively. The Company expects to contribute approximately to its non-U.S. pension plan in fiscal year 2024. 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement savings plan (the 401(k) Plan for our U.S.-based employees who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. Eligible employees may defer a portion of their eligible compensation, within prescribed limits, through contributions to the 401(k) Plan. The Company matches participants contributions, up to a maximum of of a participant s eligible compensation, up to the statutory compensation limit, and these matching contributions are fully vested as of the date they are made. Matching contributions by AML totaled , and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company, through its AML subsidiary, Allegro MicroSystems Europe, Ltd. Allegro Europe ), also has a defined contribution plan (the AME Plan covering substantially all employees of Allegro Europe. Contributions to the AME Plan by the Company totaled approximately , and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, respectively. 
 
 16. 
 , substantially all of which all expected to be procured in fiscal year 2024. 
 Insurance 
 The Company, through its subsidiaries, utilizes self-insured employee health programs for employees in the U.S. The Company records estimated liabilities for its self-insured health programs based on information provided by the third-party plan administrators, historical claims experience and expected costs of claims incurred but not reported. The Company monitors its estimated liabilities on a quarterly basis. As facts change, it may become necessary to make adjustments that could be material to the Company s consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
 Legal proceedings 
 The Company is subject to various legal proceedings, and claims, and regulatory examinations or investigations arising in the normal course of business, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty, and the Company s ultimate liability, if any, is difficult to predict. The Company records an accrual for legal contingencies when it is determined that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In making such 
 F-30 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 accrual of such amounts at March 31, 2023 or March 25, 2022. 
 Environmental Matters 
 The Company establishes accrued liabilities for environmental matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. If the contingency is resolved for an amount greater or less than the accrual, or the Company s share of the contingency increases or decreases or other assumptions relevant to the development of the estimate were to change, the Company would recognize an additional expense or benefit in the consolidated statements of operations during the period such determination was made. significant environmental accruals were established at March 31, 2023 or March 25, 2022. 
 
 17. 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders Basic weighted average common shares Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents Diluted weighted average common shares Basic net income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. per share Basic net income attributable to common stockholders per share Diluted net income attributable to Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. per share Diluted net income attributable to common stockholders per share 
 The computed net income per share for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021 does not assume conversion of securities that would have an antidilutive effect on income per share. 
 ESPP Total 
 F-31 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 PSUs ESPP Shares related to Common Stock Conversion Total 
 
 18. 
 subsequent to the grant date, but also generally vest upon voluntary termination of employment by any employee who is retirement eligible as of his or her termination date. In order to be retirement eligible, an employee must be at least years old, has completed a minimum of of service with the Company, and has provided at least three months' prior written notice of termination of employment. All of our outstanding employee and director RSU awards are eligible for dividend equivalents regardless of vesting status. 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled ) Outstanding - March 31, 2023 
 The weighted-average grant fair value per share for RSUs granted during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021 was , , , respectively. The stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested awards not yet recorded at March 31, 2023 was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average of years. 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested was , and the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, March 25, 2022 and March 26, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company also awards PSUs to its senior executive officers based on achievement of metrics tied to financial plans approved in meetings of its Board of Directors for establishing target performances. Each award reflects a target number of shares Target Shares that may be issued to the award recipient. In fiscal year 2021, these awards were earned upon the completion of a performance period ended March 31, 2023. Whether units are earned at the end of the performance period is determined based on the achievement of certain performance objectives over the performance period. The performance objectives include achieving certain revenue targets and cumulative earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA levels for the performance period, and also include a performance objective relating to relative total shareholder return TSR ). Depending on the results achieved during the performance period, the actual number of shares that a grant recipient may receive during and at the end of the period ranges from to of the Target Shares granted. 
 F-32 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 years Volatility Risk-free rate of return Dividend yield Weighted-average fair value per share 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled ) Outstanding - March 31, 2023 
 PSUs are included at - of target goals. The total compensation cost related to unvested awards not yet recorded at March 31, 2023 was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average of years. 
 Vested ) Canceled ) Outstanding - March 31, 2023 
 shares of the Company s common stock are available for future issuance under the ESPP, which includes (a) shares of common stock initially available for issuance under the ESPP, and (b) an additional shares of common stock that may become issuable under the ESPP pursuant to its terms. 
 The ESPP allows employees to purchase the Company s common stock at of the lesser of the stock price at the beginning or end of the offering period. Each offering period is . 
 years years years Volatility Risk-free rate of return Dividend yield Weighted-average fair value per share 
 F-33 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 , and this amount is expected to be recognized over years. 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recognized stock-based compensation charges of , , , and for it s RSUs, PSUs, restricted common stock, ESPP and phantom stock, respectively. 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 
 19. 
 ) Foreign operations Total ) 
 ) State Foreign Total current ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total income tax provision ) 
 F-34 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit FDII ) ) Research and development tax credit ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Cumulative provision-to-return ) ) ) Gain on contingent purchase price reduction ) ) ) Subpart F income, net of credits ) Provision for uncertain tax positions ) ) 162(m) limitation Foreign tax rate ) Deferred tax remeasurement Transaction costs CARES carryback claim and amended returns ) ) PSL Divestiture ) Other ) ) Total income tax provision ) 
 F-35 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Bonuses, commissions and other compensation Inventory and sales related Stock-based compensation Tax credits Right-of-use liability Other accruals and reserves Net operating loss carryforward Gross deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets ) ) Total deferred income tax assets Deferred income tax liabilities: Equity method and other investments ) ) Fixed assets and intangibles ) ) Right-of-use asset ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax assets 
 In assessing the realizability of its deferred tax assets, the Company considered whether it was more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets would not be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which these temporary differences become deductible. The Company established a valuation allowance for state research credits and state net operating losses NOLs of , which will begin to expire between fiscal year 2024 and 2037 and are not expected to be utilized by the Company prior to expiration. 
 Pursuant to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Jobs Act ), beginning in fiscal year 2023, U.S. tax law now requires us to capitalize and amortize domestic and foreign research and development expenditures over five and fifteen years, respectively 174 Capitalization ). The impact of 174 Capitalization to our deferred tax assets is . 
 The Company s intent is to permanently reinvest and use its existing foreign cash to fund its subsidiaries working capital needs, short-term and long-term capital projects, and to make investments and acquisitions. Therefore, no deferred tax liability has been established with respect to outside basis difference in its foreign subsidiaries. 
 The Company filed carryback claims allowable under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act the CARES Act to utilize NOLs and carryover credits generated during fiscal year 2021. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has an outstanding receivable of related to these filings that are classified as a long-term tax receivable. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 A s of March 31, 2023, the Compan y had of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which would im pact the effective tax rate, if recognized. As of March 25, 2022, the Company had of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which would impact the effective tax rate, if recognize d. As of March 26, 2021, the Company had of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized. These amounts are recorded as a long-term liability, as the Company does not anticipate payment within one year. 
 F-36 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 Gross increases-tax positions in prior period Gross decreases-tax positions in prior period settlement Lapse in statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 The Company believes that all tax positions are adequately provided for; amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less than the accrued position. Accordingly, the Company s provisions for federal, state and foreign tax related matters to be recorded in the future might change as revised estimates are made, or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. 
 The Company s policy is to classify interest expense and penalties, if any, as components of the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recorded net increases of , and in interest, penalties and releases during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, the amount of accrued interest and penalties totaled approximately and , respectively. 
 Examinations by Tax Authorities 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are routinely subject to examination by taxing authorities in the United States and the foreign jurisdictions in which it does business. Currently, the Internal Revenue Service is auditing the CARES Act carryback claim for fiscal year 2016 through 2021, and the Bureau of Internal Revenue is auditing our Philippine subsidiary for tax year 2019. U.S. and material foreign jurisdictions statutes of limitation remain open as of 2016. 
 
 20. 
 shares of the Company s common stock, including shares of common stock sold by OEP in connection with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option. The Company did sell any shares of its common stock and did receive any of the proceeds from the offering. However, the Company incurred expenses, costs and fees in connection with the offering, including registration, filing and listing fees, printing fees and legal and accounting expenses, in the amount of for the fiscal year ended March 26, 2021, which are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Transactions Involving Sanken 
 The Company sells products to and purchases in-process products from Sanken. As of March 31, 2023, Sanken held approximately of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 Termination of Sanken Distribution Agreement 
 On March 30, 2023, the Company entered into a termination of the distribution agreement with Sanken (the Termination Agreement ). The Termination Agreement formally terminated the distribution agreement dated as of July 5, 2007, by and between the Company and Sanken (the Distribution Agreement ), effective March 31, 2023. The Distribution Agreement provided Sanken the exclusive right to distribute the Company s products in Japan. In connection with the termination of the Distribution Agreement, and, as provided for in the Termination Agreement, the Company made a one-time payment of to Sanken in exchange for the cancellation of Sanken s exclusive distribution rights in Japan, which was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Concurrent with the Termination Agreement, AML and Sanken also entered into a short-term, nonexclusive distribution agreement (the Short-Term Distribution Agreement and a consulting agreement (the Consulting Agreement ), each of which were effective April 1, 2023. In addition, the Company allowed a one-time sales return from Sanken of resalable inventory of . The Short-Term Distribution Agreement provides for the management and sale of Company product inventory for a period of . Under the terms of the Consulting Agreement, Sanken agreed to continue to provide transition 
 F-37 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

 to a strategic customer as orders for the customer are transitioned from Sanken to the Company, and the Company agreed to pay Sanken for providing these transition services. 
 Transactions involving Polar Semiconductor, LLC PSL 
 The Company purchases in-process products from PSL, which is owned by Sanken and owned by the Company. 
 Purchases of various products from PSL totaled and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, respectively. Accounts payable to PSL included in amounts due to related party totaled and as of March 31, 2023 and March 25, 2022, respectively. 
 Effective January 26, 2023, the Company and PSL entered into a new Wafer Foundry Agreement WFA for the fabrication of wafers. The WFA replaces the previous Wafer Foundry Agreement with PSL, dated April 12, 2013, which was due to expire on March 31, 2023. 
 The WFA has a term, and auto renews for subsequent terms, unless terminated by either party providing notice. Pursuant to the WFA, the Company will provide a rolling annual forecast for , the first of which will be binding. The Company plans to purchase the forecast volume of wafers; however, if the Company fails to purchase the forecasted number of wafers for either of the first , it will pay a penalty for any shortfall for the given year. The parties also agreed upon production lead-times, as well as wafer, alignment, and mask pricing for the first of the term. Any changes to such pricing are subject to mutual agreement. 
 Notes Receivable from PSL 
 On December 2, 2021, AML entered into a loan agreement with PSL wherein PSL provided an initial promissory note to AML for a principal amount of (the Initial PSL Loan ). The Initial PSL Loan will be repaid in equal installments, comprising of principal and interest accrued at per annum, over a term of , with payments due on the first day of each calendar year quarter (April 1 st , July 1 st , October 1 st , and January 1 st ). On July 1, 2022, PSL borrowed an additional under the same terms of the PSL Loan (the Secondary PSL Loan and, together with the Initial PSL Loan, the PSL Promissory Notes ). The loan funds were used by PSL to procure a deep ultraviolet scanner and other associated manufacturing tools necessary to increase wafer fabrication capacity in support of the Company s increasing wafer demand. As of March 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the PSL Promissory Notes was . During the year ended March 31, 2023, PSL made quarterly payments to AML totaling , which included of interest income. 

F-38 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 algmq4fy23ex32.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

Exhibit 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 (a Delaware corporation) 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Article I - Corporate Offices 1 
 1.1 Registered Office 1 
 1.2 Other Offices 1 
 Article II - Meetings of Stockholders 1 
 2.1 Place of Meetings 1 
 2.2 Annual Meeting 1 
 2.3 Special Meeting 1 
 2.4 Advance Notice Procedures for Business Brought before a Meeting 2 
 2.5 Advance Notice Procedures for Nominations of Directors. 6 
 2.6 Additional Requirements for Valid Nomination 9 
 2.7 Notice of Stockholders Meetings 10 
 2.8 Quorum 11 
 2.9 Adjourned Meeting Notice 11 
 2.10 Conduct of Business 11 
 2.11 Voting 12 
 2.12 Record Date for Stockholder Meetings and Other Purposes 12 
 2.13 Proxies 13 
 2.14 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 13 
 2.15 Inspectors of Election 13 
 2.16 Delivery to the Corporation. 14 
 Article III - Directors 14 
 3.1 Powers 14 
 3.2 Number of Directors 15 
 3.3 Election, Qualification and Term of Office of Directors 15 
 3.4 Resignation and Vacancies 15 
 3.5 Place of Meetings Meetings by Telephone 15 
 3.6 Regular Meetings 15 
 3.7 Special Meetings Notice 16 
 3.8 Quorum 16 
 3.9 Board Action without a Meeting 16 
 3.10 Fees and Compensation of Directors 17 
 Article IV - Committees 17 
 4.1 Committees of Directors 17 
 4.2 Committee Minutes 17 
 4.3 Meetings and Actions of Committees 17 
 4.4 Subcommittees. 18 
 Article V - Officers 18 
 5.1 Officers 18 
 5.2 Appointment of Officers 18 
 5.3 Subordinate Officers 18 
 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 

 5.4 Removal and Resignation of Officers 18 
 5.5 Vacancies in Offices 19 
 5.6 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations 19 
 5.7 Authority and Duties of Officers 19 
 5.8 Compensation 19 
 Article VI - Records 19 
 Article VII - General Matters 20 
 7.1 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments 20 
 7.2 Stock Certificates 20 
 7.3 Special Designation of Certificates 20 
 7.4 Lost Certificates 21 
 7.5 Shares Without Certificates 21 
 7.6 Construction Definitions 21 
 7.7 Dividends 21 
 7.8 Fiscal Year 21 
 7.9 Seal 21 
 7.10 Transfer of Stock 21 
 7.11 Stock Transfer Agreements 22 
 7.12 Registered Stockholders 22 
 7.13 Waiver of Notice 22 
 Article VIII - Notice 22 
 8.1 Delivery of Notice Notice by Electronic Transmission 22 
 Article IX - Indemnification 23 
 9.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers 23 
 9.2 Indemnification of Others 24 
 9.3 Prepayment of Expenses 24 
 9.4 Determination Claim 24 
 9.5 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 24 
 9.6 Insurance 24 
 9.7 Other Indemnification 25 
 9.8 Continuation of Indemnification 25 
 9.9 Amendment or Repeal Interpretation 25 
 Article X - Amendments 26 
 Article XI - Forum Selection 26 
 Article XII - Definitions 27 
 
 ii 

Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of 
 Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 
 Article I - Corporate Offices 
 1.1 Registered Office . 
 The address of the registered office of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Corporation in the State of Delaware, and the name of its registered agent at such address, shall be as set forth in the Corporation s certificate of incorporation, as the same may be amended and or restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation ). 
 1.2 Other Offices . 
 The Corporation may have additional offices at any place or places, within or outside the State of Delaware, as the Corporation s board of directors (the Board may from time to time establish or as the business of the Corporation may require. 
 Article II - Meetings of Stockholders 
 2.1 Place of Meetings . 
 Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the Board. The Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). In the absence of any such designation or determination, stockholders meetings shall be held at the Corporation s principal executive office. 
 2.2 Annual Meeting . 
 The Board shall designate the date and time of the annual meeting. At the annual meeting, directors shall be elected and other proper business properly brought before the meeting in accordance with Section 2.4 of these bylaws may be transacted. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders. 
 2.3 Special Meeting . 
 Special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by such persons and only in such manner as set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 No business may be transacted at any special meeting of stockholders other than the business specified in the notice of such meeting. The Board may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled special meeting of stockholders. 

2.4 Advance Notice Procedures for Business Brought before a Meeting . 
 (i) At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (a) specified in a notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the Board, (b) if not specified in a notice of meeting, otherwise brought before the meeting by the Board or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder present in person who (1) (A) was a record owner of shares of the Corporation both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.4 and at the time of the meeting, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (C) has complied with this Section 2.4 in all applicable respects or (2) properly made such proposal in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (as so amended and inclusive of such rules and regulations, the Exchange Act ). The foregoing clause (c) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders. The only matters that may be brought before a special meeting are the matters specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling the meeting pursuant to Section 2.3 , and stockholders shall not be permitted to propose business to be brought before a special meeting of the stockholders. For purposes of this Section 2.4, present in person shall mean that the stockholder proposing that the business be brought before the annual meeting of the Corporation, or a qualified representative of such proposing stockholder, appear at such annual meeting. A qualified representative of such proposing stockholder shall be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or any other person authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders, and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. Stockholders seeking to nominate persons for election to the Board must comply with Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 and this Section 2.4 shall not be applicable to nominations except as expressly provided in Section 2.5 and Section 2.6. 
 (ii) Without qualification, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must (a) provide Timely Notice (as defined below) thereof in writing and in proper form to the secretary of the Corporation (the Secretary and (b) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.4. To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the one-year anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however , that if the date of the annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered, or mailed and received, not more than the one-hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such annual meeting or, if later, the tenth (10 th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was first made by the Corporation (such notice within such time periods, Timely Notice ). In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of Timely Notice as described above. 
 (iii) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.4, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth 
 (a) As to each Proposing Person (as defined below), (1) the name and address of such Proposing Person (including, if applicable, the name and address that appear on the Corporation s books and records) (2) the class or series and number of shares of the 
 2 

Corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned of record or beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by such Proposing Person, except that such Proposing Person shall in all events be deemed to beneficially own any shares of any class or series of the Corporation as to which such Proposing Person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future (3) the date or dates such shares were acquired (4) the investment intent of such acquisition and (5) any pledge by such Proposing Person with respect to any of such shares (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (1) through (5) are referred to as Stockholder Information 
 (b) As to each Proposing Person, (1) the material terms and conditions of any derivative security (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(c) under the Exchange Act) that constitutes a call equivalent position (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(b) under the Exchange Act) or a put equivalent position (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) or other derivative or synthetic arrangement in respect of any class or series of shares of the Corporation Synthetic Equity Position that is, directly or indirectly, held or maintained by, held for the benefit of, or involving such Proposing Person, including, without limitation, (i) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, future or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, (ii) any derivative or synthetic arrangement having the characteristics of a long position or a short position in any class or series of shares of the Corporation, including, without limitation, a stock loan transaction, a stock borrow transaction, or a share repurchase transaction or (iii) any contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions designed to (x) produce economic benefits and risks that correspond substantially to the ownership of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, (y) mitigate any loss relating to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) of, or manage the risk of a share price decrease in, any class or series of shares of the Corporation, or (z) increase or decrease the voting power in respect of any class or series of shares of the Corporation of such Proposing Person, including, without limitation, due to the fact that the value of such contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions is determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument, contract or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation, through the delivery of cash or other property, or otherwise, and without regard to whether the holder thereof may have entered into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such instrument, contract or right, or any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the price or value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation provided that , for the purposes of the definition of Synthetic Equity Position, the term derivative security shall also include any security or instrument that would not otherwise constitute a derivative security as a result of any feature that would make any conversion, exercise or similar right or privilege of such security or instrument becoming determinable only at some future date or upon the happening of a future occurrence, in which case the determination of the amount of securities into which such security or instrument would be convertible or exercisable shall be made assuming that such security or instrument is immediately convertible or exercisable at the time of such determination and, provided , further , that any Proposing Person satisfying the requirements of Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the 
 3 

Exchange Act (other than a Proposing Person that so satisfies Rule 13d-1(b)(1) under the Exchange Act solely by reason of Rule 13d-1(b)(1)(ii)(E)) shall not be required to disclose any Synthetic Equity Position that is, directly or indirectly, held or maintained by, held for the benefit of, or involving such Proposing Person as a hedge with respect to a bona fide derivatives trade or position of such Proposing Person arising in the ordinary course of such Proposing Person's business as a derivatives dealer, (2) any rights (if any) to dividends on the shares of any class or series of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such Proposing Person that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (3) any material pending or threatened legal proceeding in which such Proposing Person is a party or material participant involving the Corporation or any of its officers or directors, or any affiliate of the Corporation, (4) any other material relationship between such Proposing Person, on the one hand, and the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation, on the other hand, (5) any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement of such Proposing Person with the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement), (6) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or a Synthetic Equity Position held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership, limited liability company or similar entity in which any such Proposing Person (1) is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner of such general or limited partnership or (2) is the manager, managing member or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in the manager or managing member of such limited liability company or similar entity, (7) a representation that such Proposing Person intends or is part of a group which intends to deliver a proxy statement or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation s outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or otherwise solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal, and (8) any other information relating to such Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies or consents by such Proposing Person in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (1) through (8) are referred to as Disclosable Interests provided , however , that Disclosable Interests shall not include any such disclosures with respect to the ordinary course business activities of any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner and 
 (c) As to each item of business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, (1) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of each Proposing Person, (2) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (3) a reasonably detailed description of all agreements, arrangements and understandings (x) between or among any of the Proposing Persons or (y) between or among any Proposing Person and any other record or beneficial holder(s) or persons(s) who have a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future of the shares of any class or series of the Corporation or any other person or entity (including their names) in connection with the 
 4 

proposal of such business by such stockholder and (4) any other information relating to such item of business that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies in support of the business proposed to be brought before the meeting pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act provided , however , that the disclosures required by this paragraph (c) shall not include any disclosures with respect to any broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee who is a Proposing Person solely as a result of being the stockholder directed to prepare and submit the notice required by these bylaws on behalf of a beneficial owner. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.4, the term Proposing Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the business proposed to be brought before the annual meeting is made, and (iii) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A) with such stockholder in such solicitation. 
 (iv) The Board may request that any Proposing Person furnish such additional information as may be reasonably required by the Board. Such Proposing Person shall provide such additional information within ten (10) days after it has been requested by the Board. 
 (v) A Proposing Person shall update and supplement its notice to the Corporation of its intent to propose business at an annual meeting, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.4 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these bylaws shall not limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding matters, business or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. 
 (vi) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an annual meeting that is not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.4. The presiding officer of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that the business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.4, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
 (vii) This Section 2.4 is expressly intended to apply to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders other than any proposal made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and included in the Corporation s proxy statement. In addition to the 
 5 

requirements of this Section 2.4 with respect to any business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting, each Proposing Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such business. Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed to affect the rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 (viii) For purposes of these bylaws, public disclosure shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 2.5 Advance Notice Procedures for Nominations of Directors . 
 (i) Nominations of any person for election to the Board at an annual meeting or at a special meeting (but only if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling such special meeting) may be made at such meeting only (a) by or at the direction of the Board, including by any committee or persons authorized to do so by the Board or these bylaws, or (b) by a stockholder present in person (1) who was a record owner of shares of the Corporation both at the time of giving the notice provided for in this Section 2.5 and at the time of the meeting, (2) is entitled to vote at the meeting, and (3) has complied with this Section 2.5 as to such notice and nomination. For purposes of this Section 2.5, present in person shall mean that the stockholder nominating any person for election to the Board at the meeting of the Corporation, or a qualified representative of such stockholder, appear at such meeting. A qualified representative of such proposing stockholder shall be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or any other person authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. The foregoing clause (b) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting or special meeting. 
 (ii) (a) Without qualification, for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at an annual meeting, the stockholder must (1) provide Timely Notice (as defined in Section 2.4) thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation, (2) provide the information, agreements and questionnaires with respect to such stockholder and its candidate for nomination as required to be set forth by this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6, and (3) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 . 
 (b) Without qualification, if the election of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling a special meeting, then for a stockholder to make any nomination of a person or persons for election to the Board at a special meeting, the stockholder must (1) provide timely notice thereof in writing and in proper form to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (2) provide the information with respect to such stockholder and its candidate for nomination as required by this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 and (3) provide any updates or supplements to such notice at the times and in the forms required by this Section 2.5. To be timely, a stockholder s notice for 
 6 

nominations to be made at a special meeting must be delivered to, or mailed and received at, the principal executive offices of the Corporation not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120 th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the ninetieth (90 th day prior to such special meeting or, if later, the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such special meeting was first made. 
 (c) In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or special meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder s notice as described above. 
 (d) In no event may a Nominating Person provide Timely Notice with respect to a greater number of director candidates than are subject to election by shareholders at the applicable meeting. If the Corporation shall, subsequent to such notice, increase the number of directors subject to election at the meeting, such notice as to any additional nominees shall be due on the later of (1) the conclusion of the time period for Timely Notice, (2) the date set forth in Section 2.5(ii)(a) or (b) the tenth day following the date of public disclosure (as defined in Section 2.4) of such increase. 
 (iii) To be in proper form for purposes of this Section 2.5, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth 
 (a) As to each Nominating Person (as defined below), the Stockholder Information (as defined in Section 2.4(iii)(a), except that for purposes of this Section 2.5 the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.4(iii)(a)) 
 (b) As to each Nominating Person, any Disclosable Interests (as defined in Section 2.4(iii)(b), except that for purposes of this Section 2.5 the term Nominating Person shall be substituted for the term Proposing Person in all places it appears in Section 2.4(iii)(b) and the disclosure with respect to the business to be brought before the meeting in Section 2.4(iii)(b) shall be made with respect to the election of directors at the meeting) and provided that, in lieu of including the information set forth in Section 2.4(iii)(b)(7), the Nominating Person s notice for purposes of this Section 2.5 shall include a representation as to whether the Nominating Person intends or is part of a group which intends to deliver a proxy statement and solicit the holders of shares representing at least 67 of the voting power of shares entitled to vote on the election of directors in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act and 
 (c) As to each candidate whom a Nominating Person proposes to nominate for election as a director, (a) all information with respect to such candidate for nomination that would be required to be set forth in a stockholder s notice pursuant to this Section 2.5 and Section 2.6 if such candidate for nomination were a Nominating Person, (b) all information relating to such candidate for nomination that is required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14(a) under the Exchange Act (including 
 7 

such candidate s written consent to being named in a proxy statement and accompanying proxy card relating to the Corporation s next meeting of shareholders at which directors are to be elected and to serving as a director for a full term if elected), (c) a description of any direct or indirect material interest in any material contract or agreement between or among any Nominating Person, on the one hand, and each candidate for nomination or his or her respective associates or any other participants in such solicitation, on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 under Regulation S-K if such Nominating Person were the registrant for purposes of such rule and the candidate for nomination were a director or executive officer of such registrant (the disclosures to be made pursuant to the foregoing clauses (a) through (c) are referred to as Nominee Information ), and (d) a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement as provided in Section 2.6(i). 
 For purposes of this Section 2.5, the term Nominating Person shall mean (i) the stockholder providing the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting, (ii) the beneficial owner or beneficial owners, if different, on whose behalf the notice of the nomination proposed to be made at the meeting is made, and (iii) any participant (as defined in paragraphs (a)(ii)-(vi) of Instruction 3 to Item 4 of Schedule 14A) with such stockholder in such solicitation. 
 (iv) The Board may request that any Nominating Person furnish such additional information as may be reasonably required by the Board. Such Nominating Person shall provide such additional information within ten (10) days after it has been requested by the Board. 
 (v) A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these bylaws shall not limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new nomination. 
 (vi) In addition to the requirements of this Section 2.5 with respect to any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting, each Nominating Person shall comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act with respect to any such nominations. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, unless otherwise required by law, (i) no Nominating Person shall solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Corporation s nominees unless such Nominating Person has complied with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act in connection with the solicitation of such proxies, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, and (ii) if any Nominating 
 8 

Person (1) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) and Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, including the provision to the Corporation of notices required thereunder in a timely manner, or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such Nominating Person has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence, then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that the nominee is included as a nominee in the Corporation s proxy statement, notice of meeting or other proxy materials for any annual meeting (or any supplement thereto) and notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). If any Nominating Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act, such Nominating Person shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than seven (7) business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act. 
 2.6 Additional Requirements for Valid Nomination . 
 (i) To be eligible to be a candidate for election as a director of the Corporation at an annual or special meeting, a candidate must be nominated in the manner prescribed in Section 2.5 and the candidate for nomination, whether nominated by the Board or by a stockholder of record, must have previously delivered (in accordance with the time period prescribed for delivery in a notice to such candidate given by or on behalf of the Board), to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation, (a) a completed written questionnaire (in the form provided by the Corporation upon written request of any stockholder of record therefor) with respect to the background, qualifications, stock ownership and independence of such proposed nominee and (b) a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Corporation upon written request of any stockholder of record therefor) that such candidate for nomination (1) is not and, if elected as a director during his or her term of office, will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given and will not give any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment or (B) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominee s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such proposed nominee s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (2) is not, and will not become a party to, any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation or reimbursement for service as a director that has not been disclosed therein or to the Corporation, (3) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with all applicable corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality, stock ownership and trading and other policies and guidelines of the Corporation applicable to directors and in effect during such person s term in office as a director (and, if requested by any candidate for nomination, the Secretary of the Corporation shall provide to such candidate for nomination all such policies and guidelines then in effect), and (4) if elected as director of the Corporation, intends to serve the entire term until the next meeting at which such candidate would face re-election. 
 (ii) The Board may also require any proposed candidate for nomination as a Director to furnish such other information as may reasonably be requested by the Board in writing prior to the meeting of stockholders at which such candidate s nomination is to be acted upon. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Board may request such other information in order for the Board to determine the eligibility of such candidate for nomination to be an independent director of the Corporation in accordance with the Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Such other information shall be delivered to, or mailed and 
 9 

received by, the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (or any other office specified by the Corporation in any public announcement) not later than five (5) business days after the request by the Board has been delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Nominating Person. 
 (iii) A candidate for nomination as a director shall further update and supplement the materials delivered pursuant to this Section 2.6, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be true and correct as of the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and as of the date that is ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, and such update and supplement shall be delivered to, or mailed and received by, the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (or any other office specified by the Corporation in any public announcement) not later than five (5) business days after the record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than eight (8) business days prior to the date for the meeting or, if practicable, any adjournment or postponement thereof (and, if not practicable, on the first practicable date prior to the date to which the meeting has been adjourned or postponed) (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten (10) business days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this paragraph or any other Section of these bylaws shall not limit the Corporation s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines hereunder or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted notice hereunder to amend or update any nomination or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders. 
 (iv) No candidate shall be eligible for nomination as a director of the Corporation unless such candidate for nomination and the Nominating Person seeking to place such candidate s name in nomination has complied with Section 2.5 and this Section 2.6 , as applicable. The presiding officer at the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not properly made in accordance with Section 2.5 and this Section 2.6, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare such determination to the meeting, the defective nomination shall be disregarded and any ballots cast for the candidate in question (but in the case of any form of ballot listing other qualified nominees, only the ballots cast for the nominee in question) shall be void and of no force or effect. 
 (v) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no candidate for nomination shall be eligible to be seated as a director of the Corporation unless nominated and elected in accordance with Section 2.5 and this Section 2.6 . 
 2.7 Notice of Stockholders Meetings . 
 Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 8.1 of these bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, if any, date and time of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
 10 

2.8 Quorum . 
 Unless otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, that certain Stockholders Agreement dated as of September 30, 2020 among the Corporation and its stockholders party thereto (the Stockholders Agreement ), or these bylaws, the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders. A quorum, once established at a meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. If, however, a quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the person presiding over the meeting or (ii) a majority in voting power of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, shall have power to recess the meeting or adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner provided in Section 2.9 of these bylaws until a quorum is present or represented. At any recessed or adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed. 
 2.9 Adjourned Meeting Notice . 
 When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time, place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken or are provided in any other manner permitted by the DGCL. At any adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 
 2.10 Conduct of Business . 
 The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the person presiding over any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures (which need not be in writing) and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such presiding person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the person presiding over the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (including, without limitation, rules and procedures for removal of disruptive persons from the meeting) (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, 
 11 

their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the person presiding over the meeting shall determine (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The presiding person at any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting (including, without limitation, determinations with respect to the administration and or interpretation of any of the rules, regulations or procedures of the meeting, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the person presiding over the meeting), shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter of business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such presiding person should so determine, such presiding person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the person presiding over the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 2.11 Voting . 
 Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the DGCL, each stockholder shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder. 
 Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, at all duly called or convened meetings of stockholders at which a quorum is present, for the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect a director. Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, each other matter presented to the stockholders at a duly called or convened meeting at which a quorum is present shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes) on such matter. 
 2.12 Record Date for Stockholder Meetings and Other Purposes . 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be the close of business on the next day preceding the day on which notice is first given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 
 12 

In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment or any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of capital stock, or for the purposes of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 2.13 Proxies . 
 Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law, including Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212 of the DGCL. A proxy may be in the form of an electronic transmission which sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the transmission was authorized by the stockholder. 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board. 
 2.14 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . 
 The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however, that if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten (10) days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. The Corporation shall not be required to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the Corporation s principal executive office. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Such list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this Section 2.14 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 
 2.15 Inspectors of Election . 
 Before any meeting of stockholders, the Corporation shall appoint an inspector or inspectors of election to act at the meeting or its adjournment and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If any person 
 13 

appointed as inspector or any alternate fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, then the person presiding over the meeting shall appoint a person to fill that vacancy. 
 Such inspectors shall 
 (i) determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the number of shares represented at the meeting and the validity of any proxies and ballots 
 (ii) count all votes or ballots 
 (iii) count and tabulate all votes 
 (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspector(s) and 
 (v) certify its or their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and its or their count of all votes and ballots. 
 Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspection with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector s ability. Any report or certificate made by the inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. The inspectors of election may appoint such persons to assist them in performing their duties as they determine. 
 2.16 Delivery to the Corporation . 
 Whenever this Article II requires one or more persons (including a record or beneficial owner of stock) to deliver a document or information to the Corporation or any officer, employee or agent thereof (including any notice, request, questionnaire, revocation, representation or other document or agreement), such document or information shall be in writing exclusively (and not in an electronic transmission) and shall be delivered exclusively by hand (including, without limitation, overnight courier service) or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and the Corporation shall not be required to accept delivery of any document not in such written form or so delivered. For the avoidance of doubt, the Corporation expressly opts out of Section 116 of the DGCL with respect to the delivery of information and documents to the Corporation required by this Article II. 
 Article III - Directors 
 3.1 Powers . 
 Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the DGCL, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board. 
 14 

3.2 Number of Directors . 
 Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the total number of directors constituting the Board shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director s term of office expires. 
 3.3 Election, Qualification and Term of Office of Directors . 
 Except as provided in Section 3.4 of these bylaws, and subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship, shall hold office until the expiration of the term of the class, if any, for which elected and until such director s successor is elected and qualified or until such director s earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal. Directors need not be stockholders. The Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws may prescribe qualifications for directors. 
 3.4 Resignation and Vacancies . 
 Any director may resign at any time upon notice given in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. The resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or upon the happening of an event specified therein, and if no time or event is specified, at the time of its receipt. When one or more directors so resigns and the resignation is effective at a future date or upon the happening of an event to occur on a future date, a majority of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office as provided in Section 3.3. 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, vacancies resulting from the death, resignation, disqualification or removal of any director, and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 
 3.5 Place of Meetings Meetings by Telephone . 
 The Board may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware. 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board, or any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting pursuant to this bylaw shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 3.6 Regular Meetings . 
 Regular meetings of the Board may be held within or outside the State of Delaware and at such time and at such place as which has been designated by the Board and publicized among all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system or other system designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other means of electronic transmission. No further notice shall be required for regular meetings of the Board. 
 15 

3.7 Special Meetings Notice . 
 Special meetings of the Board for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Secretary or a majority of the total number of directors constituting the Board. Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be 
 (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone 
 (ii) sent by United States first-class mail, postage prepaid 
 (iii) sent by facsimile or electronic mail or 
 (iv) sent by other means of electronic transmission, 
 directed to each director at that director s address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, or other address for electronic transmission, as the case may be, as shown on the Corporation s records. 
 If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile or electronic mail, or (iii) sent by other means of electronic transmission, it shall be delivered or sent at least twenty-four (24) hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be deposited in the U.S. mail at least four (4) days before the time of the holding of the meeting. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting (if the meeting is to be held at the Corporation s principal executive office) nor the purpose of the meeting. 
 3.8 Quorum . 
 At all meetings of the Board, unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the Stockholders Agreement, a majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. 
 3.9 Board Action without a Meeting . 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission. After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board, or the committee thereof, in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained. Such action by written consent or consent by electronic transmission shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the Board. 
 16 

3.10 Fees and Compensation of Directors . 
 Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation, including fees and reimbursement of expenses, of directors for services to the Corporation in any capacity. 
 Article IV - Committees 
 4.1 Committees of Directors . 
 The Board may designate one (1) or more committees, each committee to consist, of one (1) or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one (1) or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board or in these bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) approve or adopt, or recommend to the stockholders, any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopt, amend or repeal any bylaw of the Corporation. 
 4.2 Committee Minutes . 
 Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required. 
 4.3 Meetings and Actions of Committees . 
 Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of 
 (i) Section 3.5 (place of meetings meetings by telephone) 
 (ii) Section 3.6 (regular meetings) 
 (iii) Section 3.7 (special meetings notice) 
 (iv) Section 3.9 (board action without a meeting) and 
 (v) Section 7.13 (waiver of notice), 
 with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the Board and its members. However 
 17 

(i) the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined either by resolution of the Board or by resolution of the committee 
 (ii) special meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the Board or the chairperson of the applicable committee and 
 (iii) the Board may adopt rules for the governance of any committee to override the provisions that would otherwise apply to the committee pursuant to this Section 4.3, provided that such rules do not violate the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law. 
 4.4 Subcommittees . 
 Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws or the resolutions of the Board designating the committee, a committee may create one (1) or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one (1) or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. 
 Article V - Officers 
 5.1 Officers . 
 The officers of the Corporation shall include a Chief Executive Officer, a President and a Secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board, a Chairperson of the Board, a Vice Chairperson of the Board, a Chief Financial Officer, a Treasurer, one (1) or more Vice Presidents, one (1) or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one (1) or more Assistant Treasurers, one (1) or more Assistant Secretaries, and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. No officer need be a stockholder or director of the Corporation. 
 5.2 Appointment of Officers . 
 The Board shall appoint the officers of the Corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these bylaws. 
 5.3 Subordinate Officers . 
 The Board may appoint, or empower the Chief Executive Officer or, in the absence of a Chief Executive Officer, the President, to appoint, such other officers and agents as the business of the Corporation may require. Each of such officers and agents shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these bylaws or as the Board may from time to time determine. 
 5.4 Removal and Resignation of Officers . 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the Board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board. 
 18 

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice of resignation, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. 
 5.5 Vacancies in Offices . 
 Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the Board or as provided in Section 5.2. 
 5.6 Representation of Shares of Other Corporations . 
 The Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or the President of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President, is authorized to vote, represent and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares or voting securities of any other corporation or other person standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority. 
 5.7 Authority and Duties of Officers . 
 All officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be provided herein or designated from time to time by the Board and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the control of the Board. 
 5.8 Compensation . 
 The compensation of the officers of the Corporation for their services as such shall be fixed from time to time by or at the direction of the Board. An officer of the Corporation shall not be prevented from receiving compensation by reason of the fact that he or she is also a director of the Corporation. 
 Article VI - Records 
 A stock ledger consisting of one or more records in which the names of all of the Corporation s stockholders of record, the address and number of shares registered in the name of each such stockholder, and all issuances and transfers of stock of the corporation are recorded in accordance with Section 224 of the DGCL shall be administered by or on behalf of the Corporation. Any records administered by or on behalf of the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account, and minute books, may be kept on, or by means of, or be in the form of, any information storage device, or method, or one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time and, with respect to the stock ledger, that the records so kept (i) can be used to prepare the list of stockholders specified in Sections 219 and 220 of the DGCL, (ii) record the information specified in Sections 156, 159, 217(a) and 218 of the DGCL, and (iii) record transfers of stock as governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of Delaware. 
 19 

Article VII - General Matters 
 7.1 Execution of Corporate Contracts and Instruments . 
 The Board, except as otherwise provided in these bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 
 7.2 Stock Certificates . 
 The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board by resolution may provide that some or all of the shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated. Certificates for the shares of stock, if any, shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock represented by a certificate shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, any two officers authorized to sign stock certificates representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. The Chairperson or Vice Chairperson of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, the President, Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation shall be specifically authorized to sign stock certificates. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, or upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon. 
 7.3 Special Designation of Certificates . 
 If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or on the back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock (or, in the case of uncertificated shares, set forth in a notice provided pursuant to Section 151 of the DGCL) provided, however, that except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face of back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock (or, in the case of any uncertificated shares, included in the aforementioned notice) a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and or rights. 
 20 

7.4 Lost Certificates . 
 Except as provided in this Section 7.4, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner s legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares. 
 7.5 Shares Without Certificates 
 The Corporation may adopt a system of issuance, recordation and transfer of its shares of stock by electronic or other means not involving the issuance of certificates, provided the use of such system by the Corporation is permitted in accordance with applicable law. 
 7.6 Construction Definitions . 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the DGCL shall govern the construction of these bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural and the plural number includes the singular. 
 7.7 Dividends . 
 The Board, subject to any restrictions contained in either (i) the DGCL or (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the Corporation s capital stock. 
 The Board may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies. 
 7.8 Fiscal Year . 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board and may be changed by the Board. 
 7.9 Seal . 
 The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be adopted and which may be altered by the Board. The Corporation may use the corporate seal by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. 
 7.10 Transfer of Stock . 
 Shares of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these bylaws. Shares of stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation only by the holder of 
 21 

record thereof or by such holder s attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender to the Corporation of the certificate or certificates representing such shares endorsed by the appropriate person or persons (or by delivery of duly executed instructions with respect to uncertificated shares), with such evidence of the authenticity of such endorsement or execution, transfer, authorization and other matters as the Corporation may reasonably require, and accompanied by all necessary stock transfer stamps. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing the names of the persons from and to whom it was transferred. 
 7.11 Stock Transfer Agreements . 
 The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes or series of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the DGCL. 
 7.12 Registered Stockholders . 
 The Corporation 
 (i) shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner and 
 (ii) shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 7.13 Waiver of Notice . 
 Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws, a written waiver, signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice or any waiver by electronic transmission unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws. 
 Article VIII - Notice 
 8.1 Delivery of Notice Notice by Electronic Transmission . 
 Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these bylaws may be given in writing directed to the stockholder s mailing address (or by electronic transmission directed to the stockholder s electronic mail address, as applicable) as it appears on the records of the Corporation and shall be given (1) if mailed, when the notice is deposited in the U.S. mail, postage prepaid, (2) if delivered by courier service, the earlier of when the notice is received or left at such 
 22 

stockholder s address or (3) if given by electronic mail, when directed to such stockholder s electronic mail address unless the stockholder has notified the Corporation in writing or by electronic transmission of an objection to receiving notice by electronic mail. A notice by electronic mail must include a prominent legend that the communication is an important notice regarding the Corporation. 
 Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice or electronic transmission to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph, the Corporation may give a notice by electronic mail in accordance with the first paragraph of this section without obtaining the consent required by this paragraph. 
 Any notice given pursuant to the preceding paragraph shall be deemed given 
 (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice 
 (ii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A) such posting and (B) the giving of such separate notice and 
 (iii) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a notice may not be given by an electronic transmission from and after the time that (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by such electronic transmission two (2) consecutive notices given by the Corporation and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice, provided, however, the inadvertent failure to discover such inability shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 
 An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. 
 Article IX - Indemnification 
 9.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers . 
 The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any director or officer of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while serving as a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership (a covered person ), joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability 
 23 

and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.4, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a Proceeding initiated by such person only if the Proceeding was authorized in the specific case by the Board. 
 9.2 Indemnification of Others . 
 The Corporation shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any employee or agent of the Corporation who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any Proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such Proceeding. 
 9.3 Prepayment of Expenses . 
 The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by any covered person, and may pay the expenses incurred by any employee or agent of the Corporation, in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition provided, however , that such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article IX or otherwise. 
 9.4 Determination Claim . 
 If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such Proceeding) under this Article IX is not paid in full within sixty (60) days, or a claim for advancement of expenses under this Article IX is not paid in full within thirty (30) days, after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation the claimant may thereafter (but not before) file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of expenses under applicable law. 
 9.5 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . 
 The rights conferred on any person by this Article IX shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
 9.6 Insurance . 
 The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust enterprise or non-profit entity against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such 
 24 

capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of the DGCL. 
 9.7 Other Indemnification . 
 The covered persons may have or may, in the future, have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and or insurance provided by other entities and or organizations (collectively, the Other Indemnitors and, individually, an Other Indemnitor ). With respect to any advancement or indemnification obligation owed, at any time, to a covered person (in their capacities as covered persons) by the Corporation or any Other Indemnitor, whether pursuant to any certificate of incorporation, by-laws, partnership agreement, operating agreement, indemnification agreement or other document or agreement and or pursuant to this Section 9.7 (any of the foregoing is herein an Indemnification Agreement ), the Corporation (i) shall at all times, be the indemnitor of first resort i.e., its obligations to the covered person shall be primary and any obligation of the Other Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by a covered person shall be secondary), (ii) shall at all times be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by a covered person and shall be liable for the full amount of all expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement (to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of these bylaws or any Indemnification Agreement), without regard to any rights that a covered person may have against the Other Indemnitors, and (iii) waives, relinquishes and releases the Other Indemnitors from any and all claims that the covered person must seek expense advancement or reimbursement, or indemnification, from any Other Indemnitor before the Corporation must perform its expense advancement and reimbursement, and indemnification obligations, under these bylaws. No advancement, indemnification or other payment by the Other Indemnitors on behalf of a covered person with respect to any claim for which a covered person has sought indemnification from the Corporation shall affect the foregoing. 
 9.8 Continuation of Indemnification . 
 The rights to indemnification and to prepayment of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article IX shall continue notwithstanding that the person has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators, legatees and distributees of such person. 
 9.9 Amendment or Repeal Interpretation . 
 The provisions of this Article IX shall constitute a contract between the Corporation, on the one hand, and, on the other hand, each individual who serves or has served as a director or officer of the Corporation (whether before or after the adoption of these bylaws), in consideration of such person s performance of such services, and pursuant to this Article IX the Corporation intends to be legally bound to each such current or former director or officer of the Corporation. With respect to current and former directors and officers of the Corporation, the rights conferred under this Article IX are present contractual rights and such rights are fully vested, and shall be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon adoption of theses bylaws. With respect to any directors or officers of the Corporation who commence service following adoption of these bylaws, the rights conferred under this provision shall be present contractual rights and such rights shall fully vest, and be deemed to have vested fully, immediately upon such director or officer commencing service as a director or officer of the Corporation. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection (i) hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring 
 25 

prior to the time of such repeal or modification or (ii) under any agreement providing for indemnification or advancement of expenses to an officer or director of the Corporation in effect prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
 Any reference to an officer of the Corporation in this Article IX shall be deemed to refer exclusively to the Chief Executive Officer, President, and Secretary, or other officer of the Corporation appointed by (x) the Board pursuant to Article V of these bylaws or (y) an officer to whom the Board has delegated the power to appoint officers pursuant to Article V of these bylaws, and any reference to an officer of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be deemed to refer exclusively to an officer appointed by the board of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such other entity pursuant to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or equivalent organizational documents) of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise. The fact that any person who is or was an employee of the Corporation or an employee of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise has been given or has used the title of Vice President or any other title that could be construed to suggest or imply that such person is or may be an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall not result in such person being constituted as, or being deemed to be, an officer of the Corporation or of such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise for purposes of this Article IX. 
 Article X - Amendments 
 The Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. The stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation provided, however , that such action by stockholders shall require, in addition to any other vote required by the Certificate of Incorporation or applicable law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation with the power to vote generally in an election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Article XI - Forum Selection 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or stockholder of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Certificate of Incorporation or these bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the preceding sentence is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the preceding sentence and (b) 
 26 

having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 
 Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternate forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this Article XI. This provision is intended to benefit and may be enforced by the Corporation, its officers and directors, the underwriters to any offering giving rise to such complaint, and any other professional or entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Article XI shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Article XII - Definitions 
 As used in these bylaws, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 An electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, including the use of, or participation in, one or more electronic networks or databases (including one or more distributed electronic networks or databases), that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process. 
 An electronic mail means an electronic transmission directed to a unique electronic mail address (which electronic mail shall be deemed to include any files attached thereto and any information hyperlinked to a website if such electronic mail includes the contact information of an officer or agent of the Corporation who is available to assist with accessing such files and information). 
 An electronic mail address means a destination, commonly expressed as a string of characters, consisting of a unique user name or mailbox (commonly referred to as the local part of the address) and a reference to an internet domain (commonly referred to as the domain part of the address), whether or not displayed, to which electronic mail can be sent or delivered. 
 The term person means any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, corporation, trust, business trust, joint stock company, joint venture, unincorporated association, cooperative or association or any other legal entity or organization of whatever nature, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity. 

27 

Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 Certificate of Amendment and Restatement of Bylaws 
 
 The undersigned hereby certifies that she is the duly elected, qualified, and acting Secretary of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation ), and that the foregoing bylaws were approved on May 24, 2023, effective as of May 24, 2023 by the Corporation s board of directors. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto set her hand this 24 th day of May, 2023. 
 s Sharon S. Briansky Sharon S. Briansky Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.19>
 3
 algmq4fy23ex1019.htm
 EX-10.19

Document 

Exhibit 10.19 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT, including the Notice of Grant (the Agreement ), dated as of ___________ (the Date of Grant ), is delivered by Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Company to ___________ (the Participant ). 
 RECITALS 
 The Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan provides for the grant of restricted stock units in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan. The Committee has decided to make this grant of restricted stock units as an inducement for the Participant to promote the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. This Agreement is made pursuant to the Plan and is subject in its entirety to all applicable provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as specifically provided herein, to the extent the Participant is party to a severance agreement with the Company and this Agreement includes terms that conflict with the terms included in such severance agreement, the terms included in such severance agreement shall govern to the extent that such terms are permitted under the Plan and have been properly authorized in accordance with the Plan and applicable law. 
 1. Grant of Stock Units . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants the Participant __________ restricted stock units, subject to the restrictions set forth below and in the Plan (the Stock Units ). Each Stock Unit represents the right of the Participant to receive a share of common stock of the Company Company Stock if and when the specified conditions are met in Section 4 below, and on the applicable payment date set forth in Section 7 below. 
 2. Stock Unit Account . Stock Units represent hypothetical shares of Company Stock, and not actual shares of stock. The Company shall establish and maintain a Stock Unit account, as a bookkeeping account on its records, for the Participant and shall record in such account the number of Stock Units granted to the Participant. No shares of Company Stock shall be issued to the Participant at the time the grant is made, and the Participant shall not be, and shall not have any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company with respect to any Stock Units recorded in the Stock Unit account. The Participant shall not have any interest in any fund or specific assets of the Company by reason of this award or the Stock Unit account established for the Participant. 
 3. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meaning set forth below 

(a) Disability shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 (b) Good Reason means the occurrence of any of the following without the Participant s prior written consent (a) a material reduction in the Participant s base salary paid or payable by the Company, the successor entity following a Change of Control event (the Acquiror ), and or any of its subsidiaries Good Reason Entity (b) a material diminution in the Participant s authority, duties, responsibilities, or reporting relationship in connection with the Participant s employment with a Good Reason Entity or (c) the relocation of the Participant s principal work location in connection with the Participant's employment by a Good Reason Entity to a facility or location more than seventy-five (75) miles from the Participant s work location on the date of the Change of Control. Termination of employment for Good Reason shall not be deemed to occur unless the Participant provides written notice to the Good Reason Entity within sixty (60) days following the first occurrence of the event of Good Reason and the Good Reason Entity does not cure the event of Good Reason within 30 days following receipt of the Participant s written notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the Participant is party to a severance agreement with the Company and such severance agreement includes a definition of Good Reason that is different from the foregoing, in addition to the definition of Good Reason included in such severance agreement governing (pursuant to the Recitals herein), the associated notice and cure provision included in such severance agreement shall also apply to this Agreement provided, however, that by executing this Agreement, the Participant hereby agrees that this Agreement hereby amends, supersedes and replaces the portion of the Good Reason provision of any severance agreement to which the Participant is a party that references relocation as a Good Reason trigger such that the respective severance agreement provision shall be amended to replace the existing relocation provision to provide that a relocation of more than seventy-five (75) miles shall constitute Good Reason, and the other provisions of such severance agreement as it relates to Good Reason shall continue to apply. 
 (c) Retirement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan provided, however, that the Committee may adjust the age and or years of service that constitutes a qualifying retirement for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (d) Negotiated Deferred Voluntary Termination shall mean a termination by the Participant in which the Participant agrees to continue the Participant's service with the Company beyond a reasonable notice period, at the request of the Company. 
 4. Vesting. 
 (a) Except as provided in this Section 4 and Section 5, the Stock Units shall become vested according to the following schedule (each, a Vesting Date ), provided that the Participant continues to be employed by, or provide service to, the Company or a subsidiary from the Date of Grant until the applicable Vesting Date 
 2 

Vesting Date Portion of Stock Units Vesting TO BE INSERTED AT THE TIME OF GRANT 
 (b) The vesting of the Stock Units shall be cumulative, but shall not exceed 100 of the Stock Units. If the foregoing schedule would produce fractional Stock Units, the number of Stock Units that vest shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Stock Unit and the fractional Stock Units will be accumulated so that the resulting whole Stock Units will be included in the number of Stock Units that become vested on the last Vesting Date. 
 Notwithstanding Section 4(a) above, contingent upon the Participant s compliance with the covenants provided in Section 15, upon the Participant s termination of employment or service on account of the Participant s (i) Disability, (ii) Retirement, (iii) death, (iv) involuntary termination by the Employer without Cause, or (v) Negotiated Deferred Voluntary Termination, the Participant shall be treated for vesting purposes as though the Participant remained employed or providing service to the Company or a subsidiary through the next subsequent Vesting Date following the Participant s termination, meaning, upon termination detailed in (i) through (v) of this Section 4(b), the Participant shall vest in the Stock Units that would have otherwise become vested as of such next subsequent Vesting Date provided, however, the Company has the right to reduce or change the amount depending on the facts and circumstances. Thereafter, any remaining unvested Stock Units shall be forfeited immediately. 
 For avoidance of doubt, if the Participant's termination of employment or service is on account of Retirement, the Participant must remain employed through the three (3) month notice period in order to receive the pro-rata acceleration detailed above. If the Participant does not remain employed during the three (3) month notice period, all unvested Stock Units shall immediately be forfeited. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided in a written employment agreement or severance agreement which the Participant has entered into, in the event of a Change of Control before all of the Stock Units vest in accordance with Section 4(a) above, the Stock Units shall be treated as set forth in Section 5 below provided, the Committee may take such actions with respect to the vesting of the Stock Units as it deems appropriate pursuant to the Plan. 
 5. Vesting on a Change of Control 
 (a) If, in the case of a merger, consolidation or acquisition of the Company that constitutes a Change of Control, the Participant continues to be employed by, or provide services to the Company, a subsidiary or Acquiror, upon closing of the Change of Control (the CoC Closing Date ), (i) if the Acquiror is a publicly-traded entity, the Stock Units shall be converted to that number of Stock Units of the Acquiror that is reasonably determined by the Committee to be required to preclude an increase or decrease in the value of the Stock Units as of the CoC Closing Date, and (ii) if the Acquiror is not a publicly-traded entity, the Stock Units shall be converted to that amount of cash equal to the value of the Stock Units and the Stock Units or 
 3 

cash, as applicable, shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in this Stock Unit and solely based on the passage of time, with the total number of Stock Units, or amount of cash, as applicable, vesting in equal installments on each of the Vesting Dates or remaining Vesting Dates. 
 (b) If, within 12 months following the CoC Closing Date, the Participant (x) is terminated by the Company, a subsidiary or an Acquiror without Cause, or (y) terminates the Participant's employment for Good Reason, the converted Stock Units, or cash, as applicable shall vest as to 100 of the number of such Stock Units, or the total amount of cash, as applicable, on the date of such termination and shall be paid following termination of employment at the time set forth in Section 7. 
 6. Termination of Stock Units . Except as set forth in this Agreement, if the Participant ceases to be employed by, or provide service to, the Company or a subsidiary for any reason before all of the Stock Units vest, any unvested Stock Units shall automatically terminate and shall be forfeited as of the date of the Participant s termination of employment or service. No payment shall be made with respect to any unvested Stock Units that terminate as described in this Section 6. 
 7. Payment of Stock Units and Tax Purchase Price Withholding . 
 (a) Subject to Sections 7(b) through (f) and 15 of this Agreement, and which is incorporated herein by reference, the issuance of Company Stock upon vesting of the Stock Units shall be made within 30 days after the first to occur of (i) the Participant s termination of employment or service with on account of the Participant s Disability, Retirement, death, involuntary termination by the Employer without Cause, or Negotiated Deferred Voluntary Termination (to the extent the Stock Units vest on one of the foregoing events) and (ii) the applicable Vesting Date. 
 (b) The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Participant's employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant's participation in the Plan and legally applicable or deemed applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant's responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Stock Units or the underlying shares of Company Stock, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Stock Units, the subsequent sale of shares of Company Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 4 

(c) Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company or its agent to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by withholding shares of Company Stock otherwise issuable upon vesting that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the minimum Tax-Related Items required to be withheld (or an equivalent cash amount, where the Stock Units are settled in cash in the Company s sole discretion). For purposes of the foregoing, no fractional shares of Company Stock will be withheld or issued pursuant to the grant of the Stock Units. In the event that such withholding in shares of Company Stock is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, by accepting this Agreement, the Participant authorizes the Company or its respective agents to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations or rights with regard to all Tax-Related Items by (i) selling on the Participant's behalf a whole number of shares from those shares of Company Stock issued to the Participant as the Company determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations or rights for Tax-Related Items, (ii) withholding from the Participant's wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company and or the Employer (iii) requiring the Participant to make cash payment in an amount equal to the withholding obligations or rights for Tax-Related Items or (iv) any other method of withholding determined by the Company and to the extent required by applicable law or the Plan, approved by the Committee. 
 (d) The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum withholding rates applicable in the Participant's jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and (with no entitlement to the equivalent in shares of Company Stock) or if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or the Employer. If any obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in shares of Company Stock, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Company Stock subject to the vested Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Company Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying certain of the Tax-Related Items. 
 (e) The Participant agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares or cash in settlement of the Stock Units if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 (f) The obligation of the Company to deliver Company Stock shall also be subject to the condition that if at any time the Board shall determine in its discretion that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal or local law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary 
 5 

or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the issuance of shares, the shares may not be issued in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Board. The issuance of shares, if any, to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement is subject to any applicable taxes and other laws or regulations of the United States or of any state, municipality or other country having jurisdiction thereof. 
 8. No Stockholder Rights Dividend Equivalents . Neither the Participant, nor any person entitled to receive payment in the event of the Participant s death, shall have any of the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to shares of Company Stock, including voting or dividend rights, until certificates for shares have been issued, or applicable book entry has been made, upon payment of Stock Units. The Participant acknowledges that no election under Section 83(b) of the Code is available with respect to Stock Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may grant to the Participant Dividend Equivalents on the shares underlying the Stock Units on the Date of Grant, or at any time prior to the Vesting Date, which shall be credited to the Stock Unit account for the Participant, will vest on the same schedule as the related Stock Units, and will be paid or distributed in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan. 
 9. Grant Subject to Plan Provisions . This grant is made pursuant to the Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and in all respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. The grant and payment of the Stock Units are subject to the provisions of the Plan and to interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, provisions pertaining to (a) rights and obligations with respect to withholding Tax-Related Items, (b) the registration, qualification or listing of the shares of Company Stock, (c) changes in capitalization of the Company and (d) other requirements of applicable law. The Committee shall have the authority to interpret and construe the Stock Units pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and its decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder. 
 10. No Employment or Other Rights . The grant of the Stock Units shall not confer upon the Participant any right to be retained by or in the employ or service of any Employer and shall not interfere in any way with the right of any Employer to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time, subject to compliance with local law and the terms of any applicable employment agreement. The right of any Employer to terminate at will the Participant s employment or service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved. 
 11. Assignment and Transfers . Except as the Committee may otherwise permit pursuant to the Plan, the rights and interests of the Participant under this Agreement may not be sold, assigned, encumbered or otherwise transferred except, in the event of the death of the Participant, by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In the event of any attempt by the Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the Stock Units or any right hereunder, except as provided for in this Agreement, or in the event of the levy or any attachment, execution or similar process upon the rights or interests hereby conferred, the Company may terminate the Stock Units by notice to the Participant, and the Stock Units and all 
 6 

rights hereunder shall thereupon become null and void. The rights and protections of the Company hereunder shall extend to any successors or assigns of the Company and to the Company s parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company without the Participant s consent. 
 12. Applicable Law Jurisdiction . The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Any action arising out of, or relating to, any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be brought only in the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire, or if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, in any court of general jurisdiction in Manchester, New Hampshire, and the jurisdiction of such court in any such proceeding shall be exclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, on and after the date the Participant receives shares of Company Stock hereunder, the Participant will be subject to the jurisdiction provision set forth in the Company s bylaws. 
 13. Notice . Any notice to the Company provided for in this instrument shall be addressed to the Company in care of the General Counsel at the corporate headquarters of the Company, and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the current address shown on the payroll of the Employer. Any notice shall be delivered by hand, or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service or by the postal authority of the country in which the Participant resides or to an internationally recognized expedited mail courier. 
 14. Recoupment Policy . In addition to this Agreement and subject to Section 19(h) of the Plan, the Stock Units and any shares of Company Stock issued to the Participant pursuant to the Stock Units shall be subject to and remain subject to any incentive compensation clawback or recoupment policy of the Company currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company and, in each case, as may be amended from time to time (the Policy ), to the extent the Policy is applicable to the Participant based upon the Participant's position and responsibilities. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant's behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold shares of Company Stock and other amounts acquired pursuant to the Stock Units to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares of Company Stock and or other amounts to the Company upon the Company s enforcement of the Policy. To the extent that this Agreement, the Plan and or the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 
 15. Restrictive Covenants . The Participant shall comply with all provisions of the below Restrictive Covenants for the respective time periods set forth therein 
 (a) Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has access to certain sensitive, confidential, proprietary, and or trade secret information from the Company (collectively, Confidential Information which the Company considers valuable and which provides the Company with a competitive advantage. Examples of 
 7 

Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, inventions, new product or marketing plans, business strategies and plans, merger and acquisition targets, financial and pricing information, computer programs, source codes, models and databases, analytical models, customer lists and information, and supplier and vendor lists and information. The Participant acknowledges that the use of such Confidential Information other than in furtherance of the Participant s job responsibilities with the Company would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Company. The Participant agrees not to disclose or use Confidential Information, either during or after the Participant s employment with the Company, and except as specifically permitted by the Company, or as required by law. The Participant must also comply with all terms and provisions of any existing confidentiality agreement with the Company or otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (b) Non-Solicitation of Employees . Because of the Company s legitimate business interests as described herein and the good and valuable consideration offered pursuant to this Agreement, during the time the Participant is employed by the Company and for a period of two (2) years (limited to one year for all employees in California) following the termination of the Participant s employment, the Participant may not directly or indirectly, solicit, attempt to solicit, induce, or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or any affiliate, to terminate such employee s employment relationship with the Company or any affiliate in order to enter into a similar relationship with the Participant, or any other person or any entity. 
 If the Participant fails to comply with the above Restrictive Covenants, the Company shall be entitled to all remedies or damages available under applicable law, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, equitable relief, and or attorneys fees. In addition, the Participant shall forfeit any unvested Stock Units and or underlying shares of Company Stock. The Participant agrees to advise any person or entity that seeks to employ the Participant of the terms of these Restrictive Covenants. 
 16. Application of Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement is intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Stock Units constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and the Stock Units become vested and settled upon the Participant s termination of employment, payment with respect to the Stock Units shall be delayed for a period of six months after the Participant s termination of employment if the Participant is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A of the Code and if required pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. If payment is delayed, the Stock Units shall be settled and paid within thirty (30) days after the date that is six (6) months following the Participant s termination of employment. Payments with respect to the Stock Units may only be paid in a manner and upon an event permitted by Section 409A of the Code, and each payment under the Stock Units shall be treated as a separate payment, and the right to a series of installment payments under the Stock Units shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event shall the Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. The Company may change or modify the terms of this Agreement without the Participant s consent or signature if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such change or modification is necessary for purposes of compliance with or exemption from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or other 
 8 

guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Company may also amend the Plan or this Agreement or revoke the Stock Units to the extent permitted by the Plan. 
 17. Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 18. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 19. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan, on the Stock Units and on any shares of Company Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to execute this Agreement, and the Participant has executed this Agreement, effective as of the Date of Grant. 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. Name Title 
 ELECTRONIC ACCEPTANCE By electronically accepting this Agreement via Fidelity s web portal at www.netbenefits.fidelity.com and completing the electronic acceptance procedures reflected therein, the Participant hereby accepts the award of Stock Units described in this Agreement, and the Participant expressly agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Further, the Participant hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that all decisions and determinations of the Committee with respect to the Stock Units shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the Participant. 
 
 Date Participant 

10 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 algmq4fy23ex1022.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 

Exhibit 10.22 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. 
 2020 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT, including the Notice of Grant (the Agreement ), dated as of __________ (the Date of Grant ), is delivered by Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Company to ________________ (the Participant ). 
 RECITALS 
 The Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan provides for the grant of restricted stock units in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan. The Committee has decided to make this grant of restricted stock units with specific performance criteria as an inducement for the Participant to perform against specific Performance Goals established by the Company. This Agreement is made pursuant to the Plan and is subject in its entirety to all applicable provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as specifically provided herein, to the extent the Participant is party to a severance agreement with the Company and this Agreement includes terms that conflict with the terms included in such severance agreement, the terms included in such severance agreement shall govern to the extent that such terms are permitted under the Plan and have been properly authorized in accordance with the Plan and applicable law. 
 1. Grant of PSUs . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby makes a grant of performance restricted stock units to the Participant consisting of the target number set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Target Award ), subject to the restrictions set forth below and in the Plan (the PSUs ). Each PSU represents the right of the Participant to receive a share of common stock of the Company Company Stock if and when the specified conditions set forth on Exhibit A are met, and on the applicable payment date set forth in Section 5 below. 
 2. Stock Unit Account . PSUs represent hypothetical shares of Company Stock, and not actual shares of stock. The Company shall establish and maintain a Stock Unit account, as a bookkeeping account on its records, for the Participant and shall record in such account the number of PSUs granted to the Participant. No shares of Company Stock shall be issued to the Participant at the time the grant is made, and the Participant shall not be, and shall not have any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company with respect to any PSUs recorded in the Stock Unit account. The Participant shall not have any interest in any fund or specific assets of the Company by reason of this award or the Stock Unit account established for the Participant. 
 3. Vesting . The PSUs shall become vested in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth on Exhibit A , which are incorporated herein by reference. 

4. Termination of PSUs . If the Participant experiences a termination of employment or service for any reason prior to the applicable Vesting Date, the PSUs automatically shall be terminated and forfeited as of the date of the Participant s termination of employment or service, except as otherwise set forth on Exhibit A . No payment shall be made with respect to any unvested PSUs that terminate as described in this Section 4. 
 5. Payment of PSUs and Tax Withholding . 
 (a) If and when the PSUs vest, the Company shall issue to the Participant one share of Company Stock for each vested PSU, subject to applicable tax withholding obligations. Subject to Sections 5(b), 5(c) and 14 below, payment shall be made within the period set forth on Exhibit A with respect to the applicable Vesting Date. 
 (b) The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Participant's employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Participant's participation in the Plan and legally applicable or deemed applicable to the Participant Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant's responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PSUs or the underlying shares of Company Stock, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the PSUs, the subsequent sale of shares of Company Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PSUs to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (c) Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company or its agent to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by withholding shares of Company Stock otherwise issuable upon vesting that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the minimum Tax-Related Items required to be withheld (or an equivalent cash amount, where the PSUs are settled in cash in the Company s sole discretion). For purposes of the foregoing, no fractional shares of Company Stock will be withheld or issued pursuant to the grant of the PSUs. In the event that such withholding in shares of Company Stock is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, by accepting this Agreement, the Participant authorizes the Company or its respective agents to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations or rights with regard to all Tax-Related Items by (i) selling on the Participant's behalf a whole number of shares from those shares of Company Stock issued to the Participant as the Company determines to be appropriate to generate cash 
 2 

proceeds sufficient to satisfy any applicable withholding obligations or rights for Tax-Related Items, (ii) withholding from the Participant's wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company and or the Employer (iii) requiring the Participant to make cash payment in an amount equal to the withholding obligations or rights for Tax-Related Items or (iv) any other method of withholding determined by the Company and to the extent required by applicable law or the Plan, approved by the Committee. 
 (d) The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum withholding rates applicable in the Participant's jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, the Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and (with no entitlement to the equivalent in shares of Company Stock) or if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, the Participant may be required to pay any additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authority or to the Company and or the Employer. If any obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in shares of Company Stock, for tax purposes, the Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Company Stock subject to the vested PSUs, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Company Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying certain of the Tax-Related Items. 
 (e) The Participant agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the shares or cash in settlement of the PSUs if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
 (f) The obligation of the Company to deliver Company Stock shall also be subject to the condition that if at any time the Board shall determine in its discretion that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal or local law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the issuance of shares, the shares may not be issued in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Board. The issuance of shares, if any, to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement is subject to any applicable taxes and other laws or regulations of the United States or of any state, municipality or other country having jurisdiction thereof. 
 6. No Stockholder Rights Dividend Equivalents . Neither the Participant, nor any person entitled to receive payment in the event of the Participant s death, shall have any of the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to shares of Company Stock, including voting or dividend rights, until certificates for shares have been issued, or applicable book entry has been made, upon payment of PSUs. The Participant acknowledges that no election under Section 83(b) of the Code is available with respect to PSUs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may grant to the Participant Dividend Equivalents on the shares underlying the PSUs 
 3 

on the Date of Grant, or at any time prior to the Vesting Date, which shall be credited to the Stock Unit account for the Participant and will be paid or distributed in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan. 
 7. Grant Subject to Plan Provisions . This grant is made pursuant to the Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and in all respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. The grant and payment of the PSUs are subject to the provisions of the Plan and to interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, provisions pertaining to (a) rights and obligations with respect to withholding taxes, (b) the registration, qualification or listing of the shares of Company Stock, (c) changes in capitalization of the Company, (d) the Company s discretion to determine the final payment, and (e) other requirements of applicable law. The Committee shall have the authority to interpret and construe the PSUs pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and its decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder. 
 8. No Employment or Other Rights . The grant of the PSUs shall not confer upon the Participant any right to be retained by or in the employ or service of any Employer and shall not interfere in any way with the right of any Employer to terminate the Participant s employment or service at any time, subject to compliance with local law and the terms of any applicable employment agreement. The right of any Employer to terminate at will the Participant s employment or service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved. 
 9. Assignment and Transfers . Except as the Committee may otherwise permit pursuant to the Plan, the rights and interests of the Participant under this Agreement may not be sold, assigned, encumbered or otherwise transferred except, in the event of the death of the Participant, by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In the event of any attempt by the Participant to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the PSUs or any right hereunder, except as provided for in this Agreement, or in the event of the levy or any attachment, execution or similar process upon the rights or interests hereby conferred, the Company may terminate the PSUs by notice to the Participant, and the PSUs and all rights hereunder shall thereupon become null and void. The rights and protections of the Company hereunder shall extend to any successors or assigns of the Company and to the Company s parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company without the Participant s consent. 
 10. Applicable Law Jurisdiction . The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Any action arising out of, or relating to, any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be brought only in the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire, or if such court does not have jurisdiction or will not accept jurisdiction, in any court of general jurisdiction in Manchester, New Hampshire, and the jurisdiction of such court in any such proceeding shall be exclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, on and after the date the Participant receives shares of Company Stock hereunder, the Participant will be subject to the jurisdiction provision set forth in the Company s bylaws. 
 4 

11. Notice . Any notice to the Company provided for in this instrument shall be addressed to the Company in care of the General Counsel at the corporate headquarters of the Company, and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to such Participant at the current address shown on the payroll of the Employer. Any notice shall be delivered by hand, or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service or by the postal authority of the country in which the Participant resides or to an internationally recognized expedited mail courier. 
 12. Recoupment Policy . In addition to this Agreement and subject to Section 19(h) of the Plan, the PSUs and any shares of Company Stock issued to the Participant pursuant to the PSUs shall be subject to and remain subject to any incentive compensation clawback or recoupment policy of the Company currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company and, in each case, as may be amended from time to time (the Policy ), to the extent the Policy is applicable to the Participant based upon the Participant's position and responsibilities. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant's behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Company to hold shares of Company Stock and other amounts acquired pursuant to the PSUs to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares of Company Stock and or other amounts to the Company upon the Company s enforcement of the Policy. To the extent that this Agreement, the Plan and or the Policy conflict, the terms of the Policy shall prevail. 
 13. Restrictive Covenants . The Participant shall comply with all provisions of the below Restrictive Covenants for the respective time periods set forth therein 
 (a) Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has access to certain sensitive, confidential, proprietary, and or trade secret information from the Company (collectively, Confidential Information that the Company considers valuable and that provides the Company with a competitive advantage. Examples of Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, inventions, new product or marketing plans, business strategies and plans, merger and acquisition targets, financial and pricing information, computer programs, source codes, models and databases, analytical models, customer lists and information, and supplier and vendor lists and information. The Participant acknowledges that the use of such Confidential Information other than in furtherance of the Participant s job responsibilities with the Company would cause immediate and irreparable harm to the Company. The Participant agrees not to disclose or use Confidential Information, either during or after the Participant s employment with the Company, and except as specifically permitted by the Company, or as required by law. The Participant must also comply with all terms and provisions of any existing confidentiality agreement with the Company or otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (b) Non-Solicitation of Employees . Because of the Company s legitimate business interests as described herein and the good and valuable consideration offered pursuant to this Agreement, during the time the Participant is employed by the Company and for a period of two (2) years (limited to one year for all employees in California) following the termination of the 
 5 

Participant s employment, the Participant may not directly or indirectly, solicit, attempt to solicit, induce, or attempt to induce any employee of the Company or any affiliate, to terminate such employee s employment relationship with the Company or any affiliate in order to enter into a similar relationship with the Participant, or any other person or any entity. 
 If the Participant fails to comply with the above Restrictive Covenants, the Company shall be entitled to all remedies or damages available under applicable law, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, equitable relief, and or attorneys fees. In addition, the Participant shall forfeit any unvested PSUs and or underlying shares of Company Stock. The Participant agrees to advise any person or entity that seeks to employ the Participant of the terms of these Restrictive Covenants. 
 14. Application of Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement is intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the PSUs constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and the PSUs become vested and settled upon the Participant s termination of employment, payment with respect to the PSUs shall be delayed for a period of six (6) months after the Participant s termination of employment if the Participant is a specified employee as defined under Section 409A of the Code and if required pursuant to Section 409A of the Code. If payment is delayed, the PSUs shall be settled and paid within thirty (30) days after the date that is six (6) months following the Participant s termination of employment. Payments with respect to the PSUs may only be paid in a manner and upon an event permitted by Section 409A of the Code, and each payment under the PSUs shall be treated as a separate payment, and the right to a series of installment payments under the PSUs shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event shall the Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. The Company may change or modify the terms of this Agreement without the Participant s consent or signature if the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such change or modification is necessary for purposes of compliance with or exemption from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or any regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Company may also amend the Plan or this Agreement or revoke the PSUs to the extent permitted by the Plan. 
 15. Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 16. Severability . The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 17. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant's participation in the Plan, on the PSUs and on any shares of Company Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or 
 6 

advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to execute this Agreement, and the Participant has executed this Agreement, effective as of the Date of Grant. 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, INC. Name Title 
 ELECTRONIC ACCEPTANCE By electronically accepting this Agreement via Fidelity s web portal at www.netbenefits.fidelity.com and completing the electronic acceptance procedures reflected therein, the Participant hereby accepts the award of PSUs described in this Agreement, and the Participant expressly agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Further, the Participant hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that all decisions and determinations of the Committee with respect to the PSUs shall be final, conclusive and binding upon the Participant. 
 
 Date Participant 
 
 Signature Page to Performance Stock Unit Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 
 PSU TERMS 
 PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS TO 
 BE DETERMINED AT TIME OF GRANT 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.29>
 5
 algmq4fy23ex1029.htm
 EX-10.29

Document 

Exhibit 10.29 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, LLC 
 AMENDMENT TO SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment (this Amendment is entered into as of May 15, 2023 (the Effective Date between Derek D Antilio, Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer Executive and Allegro MicroSystems, LLC (the Company and amends the Severance Agreement between the Executive and the Company dated January 10, 2022 (the Original Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Original Agreement. 
 RECITALS 
 A. The parties entered into the Original Agreement to provide certain severance benefits to the Executive to enable the Executive to exert maximum effort toward the success of the Company and to continue his employment with the Company without undue concern regarding the security of his employment. 
 B. The parties wish to amend the Original Agreement to amend certain provisions regarding benefits that may arise if the Executive receives post-employment health care coverage from the Company pursuant to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the Executive s continued employment with the Company and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows, effective as of the Effective Date 
 1. Amendment to Section 2.5 . Section 2.5 of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and shall be replaced by the following new Section 2.5 
 2.5 In addition to the Severance Benefit, if Executive is a participant on the termination date in a group health plan of the Company that is subject to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law COBRA ), Executive shall be entitled for up to eighteen (18) months after the termination date to Company payment of the entire cost of COBRA health insurance continuation coverage for Executive and Executive s covered dependents, subject to the following conditions. The Company shall notify Executive of the right to continue Executive s health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA. To the extent that Executive timely elects to accept continued health insurance coverage under COBRA, the Company shall pay or reimburse to Executive the full monthly cost of Executive s COBRA coverage. If Executive desires to continue health care coverage under COBRA after becoming eligible for other health insurance coverage, Executive may do so for the balance of the applicable COBRA period at Executive s expense consistent with the requirements of COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to provide Executive with the healthcare continuation coverage benefits in this Section 2.5 if doing so would result in the imposition of penalties or other adverse consequences to the Company pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, or any successor legislation or regulations thereunder. Payment of the health care continuation coverage benefit pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be conditioned upon Executive s timely execution of the Release described in Section 5 and the Release having become effective by its terms on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination. 

2. General Provisions . 
 (a) This Amendment shall be and hereby is incorporated into and forms a part of the Original Agreement. 
 (b) Except as expressly provided herein, all terms and conditions of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, including without limitation, Section 9.4 thereof. 
 (c) This Amendment will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Hampshire, without reference to principles of conflict of laws that would cause the application of any other laws other than those of the State of New Hampshire. 
 
 Remainder of page left blank intentionally signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the Effective Date. 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, LLC 
 s Joanne Valente 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name Joanne Valente 
 Title Senior Vice President and Chief 
 Human Resources Officer 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 s Derek D Antilio 
 ____________________________ 
 Name Derek D Antilio 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.31>
 6
 algmq4fy23ex1031.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 

Exhibit 10.31 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, LLC 
 AMENDMENT TO SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amendment (this Amendment is entered into as of May 15, 2023 (the Effective Date between Sharon Briansky, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Executive and Allegro MicroSystems, LLC (the Company and amends the Severance Agreement between the Executive and the Company dated January 10, 2022 (the Original Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Original Agreement. 
 RECITALS 
 A. The parties entered into the Original Agreement to provide certain severance benefits to the Executive to enable the Executive to exert maximum effort toward the success of the Company and to continue his employment with the Company without undue concern regarding the security of his employment. 
 B. The parties wish to amend the Original Agreement to amend certain provisions regarding benefits that may arise if the Executive receives post-employment health care coverage from the Company pursuant to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the Executive s continued employment with the Company and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows, effective as of the Effective Date 
 1. Amendment to Section 2.5 . Section 2.5 of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and shall be replaced by the following new Section 2.5 
 2.5 In addition to the Severance Benefit, if Executive is a participant on the termination date in a group health plan of the Company that is subject to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law COBRA ), Executive shall be entitled for up to eighteen (18) months after the termination date to Company payment of the entire cost of COBRA health insurance continuation coverage for Executive and Executive s covered dependents, subject to the following conditions. The Company shall notify Executive of the right to continue Executive s health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA. To the extent that Executive timely elects to accept continued health insurance coverage under COBRA, the Company shall pay or reimburse to Executive the full monthly cost of Executive s COBRA coverage. If Executive desires to continue health care coverage under COBRA after becoming eligible for other health insurance coverage, Executive may do so for the balance of the applicable COBRA period at Executive s expense consistent with the requirements of COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to provide Executive with the healthcare continuation coverage benefits in this Section 2.5 if doing so would result in the imposition of penalties or other adverse consequences to the Company pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, or any successor legislation or regulations thereunder. Payment of the health care continuation coverage benefit pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be conditioned upon Executive s timely execution of the Release described in Section 5 and the Release having become effective by its terms on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination. 

2. General Provisions . 
 (a) This Amendment shall be and hereby is incorporated into and forms a part of the Original Agreement. 
 (b) Except as expressly provided herein, all terms and conditions of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect, including without limitation, Section 9.4 thereof. 
 (c) This Amendment will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Hampshire, without reference to principles of conflict of laws that would cause the application of any other laws other than those of the State of New Hampshire. 
 
 Remainder of page left blank intentionally signature page follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the Effective Date. 

ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, LLC 
 s Joanne Valente 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name Joanne Valente 
 Title Senior Vice President and Chief 
 Human Resources Officer 
 
 EXECUTIVE 
 s Sharon Briansky 
 ____________________________ 
 Name Sharon Briansky 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 7
 algmq4fy23ex1032.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

Exhibit 10.32 
 FORM OF SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into as of _______, 20___ between Allegro MicroSystems, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Allegro ), and __________________ Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Allegro wishes to ensure that Allegro executives will continue to exert maximum effort toward the success of the Company and to continue their employment with Allegro, without undue concern regarding the security of their employment. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, certain terms shall have the meaning set forth below 
 
 1.1 Cause means a good faith determination by the Board of Directors of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. AMI of any one or more of the following (a) Executive s (x) continued or repeated failure or refusal (after prior written notice thereof from the Board of Directors of AMI and Executive s failure to cure the same (if curable) within ten (10) calendar days of such written notice, and other than due to Executive s disability) to substantially perform the duties required by Executive s position with Allegro or any of its subsidiaries (it being understood that Executive s failure to attain performance goals or targets or to otherwise fail to substantially perform the duties required by Executive s position shall not constitute Cause hereunder if such failure is as a result of actions taken or not taken in good faith and with reasonable belief that such actions or omissions were in the best interests of AMI and its subsidiaries) or (y) failure or refusal to follow lawful directives of the Board of Directors of AMI (b) gross negligence or willful misconduct (including unauthorized disclosure of material proprietary information) by Executive which results in a material detriment to AMI or any of its subsidiaries (c) Executive s conviction (by a court of competent jurisdiction, not subject to further appeal) of, or pleading guilty to, a felony that involves fraud or moral turpitude or that is perpetrated against AMI or any of its subsidiaries, their respective businesses or any of their respective assets, properties or personnel or (d) a material breach by Executive of the Restrictive Covenants, this Agreement, or of any other written agreement with the Company to which Executive is a party. 
 
 1.2 The term Company means Allegro MicroSystems, LLC or any successor to Allegro, including without limitation any entity that acquires all or substantially all of Allegro s assets or any entity into which Allegro merges. 
 
 1.3 The term Company s Governing Body means the board of directors of AMI if the Company is then a subsidiary of AMI if not, the board of directors of the Company if the Company is then a corporation or the board of managers or the managing member of the Company within the meaning of the applicable limited liability act if the Company is then a limited liability company or, if none of the foregoing, the Company s governing body under applicable law or its constitutent documents. 

1.4 The term Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without Executive s prior written consent (a) a material reduction in Executive s base salary paid or payable by the Company and or any of its subsidiaries or (b) a material reduction in the Target Bonus of Executive (c) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, responsibilities, or reporting relationship in connection with Executive s employment with the Company (d) the relocation of Executive s principal work location in connection with his her employment by the Company to a facility or location more than seventy-five (75) miles from Executive s then present principal work location or (e) the Company has materially breached this Agreement, including without limitation a failure to comply with the assignment to successor requirement in Section 7. 
 
 1.5 The term Restrictive Covenants means the restrictive covenants set forth in Executive s grant agreement(s) between Executive and AMI under the Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan . 
 
 1.6 The term Target Bonus means the target bonus for a fiscal year as specified for Executive under Allegro s Annual Incentive Plan or any successor annual bonus plan maintained by the Company. In the event that a Target Bonus has not been established for a fiscal year because action has not yet been taken within such fiscal year to approve the annual bonus plan target pool and Target Bonuses, the Target Bonus shall be the same as Executive s Target Bonus for the preceding fiscal year. 
 
 2. Severance Benefit and Health Care Continuation Benefit Following Termination without Cause . 
 
 2.1 Executive shall be entitled to a Severance Benefit as described in this Section 2 in the event that the Company terminates Executive s employment without Cause and the release described in Section 5 has become effective. 
 
 2.2 In the event of termination without Cause, the Severance Benefit shall be equal to the sum of the following (the Severance Benefit 
 
 (a) 100 of Executive s annual base salary on the termination date 
 
 (b) 100 of Executive s Target Bonus on the termination date and 
 
 (c) a prorated bonus for the fiscal year in which termination occurs, determined by multiplying the Target Bonus on the termination date by a ratio equal to the number of completed days of employment in the fiscal year prior to and including the termination date divided by the total number of days in such fiscal year. 
 
 2.3 The applicable Severance Benefit shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum not later than fifteen (15) days following the termination date if the Release described in Section 5 has become effective. If the Release described in Section 5 has not become effective more than 15 days following the termination date, the Severance Benefit shall be paid not later than five (5) days after the Release becomes effective. 
 
 2.4 Payment of the Severance Benefit shall be net of applicable withholding taxes. 
 2 

2.5 In addition to the Severance Benefit, if Executive is a participant on the termination date in a group health plan of the Company that is subject to Section 601 et seq. of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or similar state health care continuation coverage law COBRA ), Executive shall be entitled for up to eighteen (18) months after the termination date to Company payment of the entire cost of COBRA health insurance continuation coverage for Executive and Executive s covered dependents, subject to the following conditions. The Company shall notify Executive of the right to continue Executive s health insurance coverage pursuant to COBRA. To the extent that Executive timely elects to accept continued health insurance coverage under COBRA, the Company shall pay or reimburse to Executive the full monthly cost of Executive s COBRA coverage. If Executive desires to continue health care coverage under COBRA after becoming eligible for other health insurance coverage, Executive may do so for the balance of the applicable COBRA period at Executive s expense consistent with the requirements of COBRA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required to provide Executive with the healthcare continuation coverage benefits in this Section 2.5 if doing so would result in the imposition of penalties or other adverse consequences to the Company pursuant to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended, or any successor legislation or regulations thereunder. Payment of the health care continuation coverage benefit pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall be conditioned upon Executive s timely execution of the Release described in Section 5 and the Release having become effective by its terms on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination. 
 
 2.6 If the Company, at the time of giving Executive notice of termination, specifies or requests a termination date later than the notice date, Executive shall not be required to accept a termination date that is more than two weeks after the date of notice of termination, and the failure to agree to a later termination date shall not be construed as a voluntary termination by Executive. The termination date for purposes of this Section 2, consistent with the preceding sentence, shall be the final day of employment of Executive by the Company. 
 
 3. AMI Stock Rights . 
 
 Executive s rights with respect to AMI stock awards, stock options, stock appreciation rights, and or stock units that Executive may own or have a conditional right to at the time of termination shall be determined in accordance with AMI s Certificate of Incorporation, the Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, the applicable grant agreements pursuant to which Executive acquired such rights and any other applicable governing documents, as any such documents may be amended from time to time. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any such documents, for purposes of determining the extent to which Executive is vested in any such rights, termination of the Executive for Good Reason pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement shall be treated in the same manner as a termination by the Company without Cause . 
 
 4. Voluntary Termination for Good Reason or Otherwise . 
 
 4.1 Executive shall be entitled to terminate employment with the Company and receive the Severance Benefit, the health care continuation benefit, and the stock rights as specified in Sections 2 and 3, upon the following conditions, provided that Executive timely executes the 
 3 

Release described in Section 5 and the Release becomes effective by its terms on or before the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination 
 
 4.2 If an event constituting Good Reason occurs, and Executive gives the Company written notice within sixty (60) days following the event of Good Reason, detailing why Executive believes a Good Reason event has occurred, the Company shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of such written notice to remedy or cure the event of Good Reason. If the Company does not remedy or cure the event within such period and the event constitutes Good Reason as defined in this Agreement, Executive s employment shall be deemed terminated for Good Reason at the end of such thirty-day cure period. Executive s notice shall be delivered to the Company s Governing Body. 
 
 4.3 The termination date for purposes of Section 4.2 shall be, if earlier than the expiration of the thirty-day cure period described in Section 4.2, the date that the Company gives written notice to Executive that the Company does not intend to cure the event of Good Reason. 
 
 4.3 If an event of Good Reason is (or includes) a material reduction in annual base salary or Target Bonus as described in Section 1.4(b), the applicable severance benefit shall be calculated on the basis of annual base salary and Target Bonus as the same existed immediately prior to such reduction. 
 
 4.4 In the absence of an event of Good Reason, termination by Executive for personal reasons if payment of the benefits hereunder is approved by the Company s Governing Body upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee of such Company s Governing Body. 
 
 5. Release Requirement Compliance with Restrictive Covenants . 
 
 5.1 As a prerequisite to the Company s payment of the benefits and payments described in this Agreement, Executive shall have executed and delivered to the Company a general release of claims Release and the Release shall have become effective in accordance with its terms as specified in this Section 5 on or prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination. The Release shall be substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A. The Company may modify the Release versus the form attached as Exhibit A in order to specify the amount of the Severance Benefit or other benefits, comply with changes in law, or reflect changes in relevant facts (such as the name of the Company). However, the Company shall not include any additional requirements or provisions in the Release, including without limitation any restrictive covenants concerning post-termination activities of Executive without Executive s prior written consent. 
 
 5.2 The Company shall deliver the form of Release to Executive on or prior to the date of termination. Executive shall have at least twenty-one (21) days within which to consider the Release. Executive shall have up to seven (7) days after execution and delivery of the Release to revoke the Release. The Release shall not become effective until the revocation period has expired without revocation of the Release by Executive. 
 
 5.3 The health insurance continuation benefit described in Section 2.5 shall be provided to Executive on a monthly basis after the termination date on the assumption that the Release will become effective, provided that entitlement to such benefit shall expire if the Release does not 
 4 

become effective within sixty (60) days after the termination date and, in such case, Executive shall be required to promptly return amounts paid on his or her behalf to the Company. 
 
 5.4 Executive s entitlement to receive and to retain the benefits and payments described in this Agreement shall be conditioned upon Executive s compliance with the Restrictive Covenants, which Restrictive Covenants are hereby incorporated in their entirety as though fully set forth herein and which Restrictive Covenants shall survive any termination of Executive s grant agreement(s) between Executive and AMI under the Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan . 
 
 6. Exclusive Remedy . 
 
 Executive s receipt of the Severance Payment and other consideration provided in this Agreement shall be in lieu of any benefits specified under any other severance policy maintained by the Company any benefits pursuant to any other agreement or understanding between Executive and the Company relating to termination of employment and any benefits under the Company s Annual Incentive Plan or its successor for the fiscal year in which termination occurs. However, this Agreement shall not divest Executive of Executive s right to distributions from Allegro s Executive Deferred Compensation Plan or any right to vested benefits under the terms of the Company s benefit plans, to be paid accrued wages and vacation through the termination date or to be reimbursed for properly substantiated business expenses in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy. 
 
 7. Successors and Assigns . 
 
 This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns, including any successor entity by merger, consolidation or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. The Company shall require and cause any person, group or entity that acquires all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to accept a written assignment of this Agreement by the Company, and to acknowledge in such document that the acquiror accepts the assignment and undertakes to perform this Agreement in accordance with its terms. 
 
 8. Amended or Successor Agreements . 
 
 If requested by the Company, Executive will in good faith consider and negotiate an amended or a successor agreement in order to address revised circumstances (for example, the restructuring of the Allegro group of companies), providing that there is no diminution in the level of benefits available to Executive hereunder. 
 
 9. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 
 9.1 Arbitration . Any claim, dispute or controversy arising out of this Agreement, the interpretation, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the alleged breach thereof shall be settled by binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association in Boston, Massachusetts or elsewhere by mutual agreement. The Company shall bear responsibility for all costs of arbitration and shall 
 5 

reimburse Executive for his or her reasonable attorneys' fees. Judgment may be entered on the arbitration award in any court having jurisdiction. 
 
 9.2 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the state of New Hampshire. 
 
 9.3 Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between Executive and Company concerning the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations or understandings between the parties, whether written or oral, including employment offer letters, concerning such matter. 
 
 9.4 Employment at Will . Executive s employment with the Company shall remain at will. Nothing in the Agreement shall provide Executive with any right to continued employment with the Company for any specific period of time, or interfere with or restrict the right of either Executive or the Company to terminate Executive s employment at any time. 
 
 9.5 Application of Section 409A . The payments contemplated by this Agreement are intended to be exempt from, or to comply with the requirements of, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and this Agreement shall be interpreted with that intent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the tax treatment of amounts payable and benefits provided under this Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed, and neither the Company, nor any of its members, shareholders, employees, directors, officers, agents or affiliates, shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by Executive or any other taxpayer as a result of this Agreement, including by reason of Section 409A or any similar State statute. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if at the time Executive s employment terminates, Executive is a specified employee, as defined below, any and all amounts payable under this Agreement on account of Executive s separation from service that would (but for this provision) be payable within six (6) months following the date of such separation from service, shall instead be paid on the next business day following the expiration of such six (6) month period or, if earlier, upon Executive s death except (A) to the extent of amounts that do not constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(b) (including without limitation by reason of the safe harbor set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), as determined by the Company in its reasonable good faith discretion) (B) benefits which qualify as excepted welfare benefits pursuant to Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(a)(5) or (C) other amounts or benefits that are not subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of this Agreement, with respect to payments that are subject to Section 409A and that are payable upon or with reference to Executive s termination of employment, all references to termination of employment and correlative phrases shall be construed to require a separation from service (as defined in Section 1.409A-1(h) of the Treasury regulations after giving effect to the presumptions contained therein), from the Company, and the term specified employee means an individual determined by the Company to be a specified employee of the Company under Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-1(i). Each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. To the extent required by Section 409A, if the period for executing and not revoking the Release spans two taxable years, the Severance Benefit shall be paid in the second taxable year. Any tax gross up payment hereunder shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the related 
 6 

taxes are remitted to the appropriate tax authorities, or at such other specified time or schedule that may be permitted under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(i)(1)(v). 
 
 9.6 Proprietary Information . Nothing in this Agreement or the Release shall be construed as an elimination or waiver of Executive s obligations not to disclose confidential or proprietary information to third parties as required by Company policy and any agreements between the Company and Executive that were executed during Executive s employment with the Company. 
 
 9.7 Waiver Amendment . No waiver of any breach of this Agreement shall be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of this Agreement. No waiver or amendment of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written document signed by Executive and an executive of the Company authorized by the Company s Governing Body. 
 
 9.8 Notices . Any notices required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing, and may be transmitted by personal delivery, by courier service or by e-mail if receipt of such e-mail is acknowledged by the receiving party. Notices shall be addressed to the recipient s principal business office. 

Signature Page Follows 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and year first above written. 
 ALLEGRO MICROSYSTEMS, LLC Executive Company Officer Title 

8 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 
 This GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS Release is made by _____________________ Executive ), a resident of ___________________,_________________, in favor of Allegro MicroSystems, LLC of Manchester, New Hampshire (the Company ), and all related entities, corporations, partnerships and subsidiaries of the Company, as well as each of their current and former directors, insurers, officers, trustees, partners, successors in interest, representatives and agents. 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive s employment by the Company has ended or will end on ____________, ____ (the Termination Date and 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive wishes to provide the Company with a general release in exchange for the consideration to be provided by the Company to Executive pursuant to that certain Severance Agreement between Executive and the Company dated ____________, 20__ (the Severance Agreement ). 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the commitments and mutual promises contained in this document, it is agreed as follows 
 
 ONE This Release shall constitute full accord and satisfaction of any and all claims which have been or could be raised by Executive and a covenant not to sue (as set forth in Paragraph THREE below). 
 
 TWO In return for Executive s releases under this Release, Allegro shall provide the following Consideration to Executive 
 
 (a) The Severance Benefit defined in the Severance Agreement, which shall be an amount equal to __________________________. 
 
 (b) Company payment of COBRA medical insurance coverage for a period of time as specified in the Severance Agreement. 
 
 (c) Vesting and payment of certain AMI stock awards, appreciation rights, and or units. 
 
 (d) Other commitments of the Company as set forth in the Severance Agreement. 
 
 THREE In return for the Consideration to be provided by the Company to Executive, on behalf of Executive and his or her heirs, beneficiaries, devisees, executors, administrators, attorneys, personal representatives, and assigns, Executive promises not to sue, and Executive releases and gives up any claim he she has or may have against, the Company or any of its current or former subsidiaries, affiliated companies, parent companies, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, benefit plans, trustees or representatives, or their successors or assigns, including without limitation any claim under federal, state, or local law relating to Executive s employment with the Company or the termination thereof, from the beginning of time up to and including the date of execution of this Release, including, but not limited to, any and all claims for breach of express or implied contract or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing all claims for retaliation or violation of public policy all claims for unpaid wages under 
 9 

the Massachusetts Wage Act or corresponding New Hampshire law all claims arising under the Massachusetts and New Hampshire anti-discrimination in employment laws, the Massachusetts Civil Rights Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, Sarbanes-Oxley, the Patriot Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, or any other federal, state, or local laws relating to employment or benefits associated with employment claims for emotional distress, mental anguish, personal injury, loss of consortium, and any and all claims that may be asserted on Executive s behalf by others any claim for wages, compensation, and expenses paid or unpaid during the term of Executive s employment and any claim for compensatory, punitive, or liquidated damages, interest, attorney s fees, costs, or disbursements. Executive retains Executive s rights under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), for any accrued vested benefits under any retirement plan covering Executive s employment, or rights to enforce the terms of this Release. 
 
 FOUR Nothing contained in this Release of Claims shall be construed to prohibit Executive from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or a comparable state or local agency, provided, however, that Executive hereby agrees to waive his or her right to recover monetary damages or other individual relief in any charge, complaint or lawsuit filed by Executive or by anyone else on his or her behalf. 
 
 Executive further acknowledges, understands, and agrees that Executive has been paid all wages (including all base compensation and accrued vacation pay) to which Executive is or was entitled by virtue of Executive s employment with the Company and that Executive is unaware of any facts or circumstances indicating that Executive may have an outstanding claim for unpaid wages. 
 
 FIVE This Release, including without limitation the general release and covenant not to sue, applies to all claims due to anything arising before Executive signed this Release, including even those claims not presently known to Executive. 
 
 SIX This Release sets forth the entire understanding between the parties pertaining to this subject matter except for the Severance Agreement. There is no other agreement, oral or written, which adds to or subtracts from this Release or the Severance Agreement or otherwise modifies them. In the event that any provision of this Release is held by any agency or court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal or invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected and, the illegal or invalid provisions shall be reformed to the extent possible to be consistent with the other terms of this Release and if they cannot be so reformed, then an invalid provision shall be deemed not to be a part of this Release. 
 
 SEVEN This Release shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of New Hampshire. 
 
 EIGHT Executive acknowledges that Executive received this Release on _________________, _____ and that Executive has been informed that Executive has twenty-one (21) days to review and consider this Release and also acknowledges that Executive has been advised of the right to consult legal advisors of Executive s choosing with regard to this Release. Any modifications to the terms of this Release do not operate to extend the twenty-one (21) day time limit for Executive s review of the Release. Executive may sign this Release prior to the expiration of the twenty-one (21) day deadline expressed above, and Executive affirms that if Executive does so prior to that date it is done according to Executive s own free will. Executive understands that 
 10 

Executive may revoke this Release within seven (7) days after the date of Executive s signature on this Release by sending written notice of his her intent to revoke to the Company s Senior Vice President of Human Resources, General Counsel, or its President via courier service on or before the expiration of that seven (7) day right of revocation. Executive acknowledges that this Release can be revoked only in its entirety and that once revoked no provision of this Release is enforceable. The Company will have no obligations under this Release until the eighth (8th) day after Executive s signature on this Release. 
 
 NINE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS CAREFULLY READ AND UNDERSTANDS THIS RELEASE CONSISTING OF THREE PAGES. EXECUTIVE ALSO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE ENTERS INTO THIS RELEASE VOLUNTARILY, WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF ITS SIGNIFICANCE AND WITHOUT PRESSURE OR COERCION. EXECUTIVE ALSO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH COUNSEL PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS RELEASE. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive has executed this Release as of the date indicated below. 

________________________________ 
 Name 

Dated _________________________ 

11 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 algmq4fy23ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 
 Name State of Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Allegro MicroSystems, LLC Delaware Allegro MicroSystems Argentina, S.A. Argentina Allegro MicroSystems Argentina S.A. Sucursal Uruguay Uruguay Allegro MicroSystems Business Development, Inc. Delaware Allegro MicroSystems Europe Limited United Kingdom Allegro MicroSystems France SAS France Allegro MicroSystems Germany GmbH Germany Allegro (Shanghai) Micro Electronics Commercial and Trading Co., Ltd. China Allegro MicroSystems Philippines, Inc. Philippines Allegro MicroSystems Philippines Realty Inc. Philippines LadarSystems, LLC Wyoming CrivaSense Technologies SAS France Silicon Structures LLC Delaware Voxtel, LLC Delaware Allegro MicroSystems Japan GK Japan Allegro MicroSystems Marketing India Private Limited India Allegro MicroSystems Ireland Ltd Ireland 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 algmq4fy23ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our report dated May 18, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-260647) and S-8 (File No. 333-249771). 
 s Grant Thornton LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 May 25, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 10
 algmq4fy23ex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

Exhibit 23.2 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-260647) and Form S-8 (No. 333-249771) of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. of our report dated May 25, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 May 25, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 algmq4fy23ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Vineet Nargolwala, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date May 25, 2023 
 By 
 s Vineet Nargolwala 
 Vineet Nargolwala 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 algmq4fy23ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Derek P. D Antilio, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 . 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date May 25, 2023 
 By 
 s Derek P. D Antilio Derek P. D Antilio 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 algmq4fy23ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date May 25, 2023 
 By 
 s Vineet Nargolwala 
 Vineet Nargolwala 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 algmq4fy23ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Allegro MicroSystems, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date May 25, 2023 
 By 
 s Derek P. D Antilio Derek P. D Antilio 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 algm-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 algm-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 algm-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 algm-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 algm-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

