<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1566610_0001493152-23-012571.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10375794</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383663</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1496369</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3684173</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2092159</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2433831</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012571.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417165553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012571
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Verb Technology Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001566610
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				461669753
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38834
		FILM NUMBER:		23824560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3401 NORTH THANKSGIVING WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-250-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3401 NORTH THANKSGIVING WAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	nFusz, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BBOOTH, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global System Designs, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130109

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012571.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based on the closing price
of the registrant s common stock as quoted on The Nasdaq Capital Market as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . 

As
of April 12, 2023, there were 
 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per
share, outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 
 
 PART II 
 21 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 21 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 22 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 22 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 37 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 37 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 37 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 38 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 39 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 39 
 
 PART III 
 39 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 39 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 47 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 60 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 62 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 64 
 
 PART IV 
 65 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 65 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 65 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (this Annual Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which statements are subject to considerable
risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical
facts and can be identified by words such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, 
 expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, 
 projects, seeks, should, will, would or similar expressions and
the negatives of those expressions. Forward-looking statements also include the assumptions underlying or relating to such statements. 

Our
forward-looking statements are based on our management s current beliefs, assumptions and expectations about future events and
trends, which affect or may affect our business, strategy, operations, financial performance or liquidity. Although we believe these
forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties
and are made in light of information currently available to us. Some of the risks and uncertainties that may impact our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

our incursion of significant net losses and uncertainty whether we will achieve or maintain profitable operations; 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our ability to grow and compete in the future, and to execute our business strategy; 

our ability to maintain and expand our customer base and to convince our customers to increase the use of our services and/or platform; 

the competitive market in which we operate; 

our ability to increase the number of our strategic relationships and grow the revenues from our current strategic relationships; 

our ability to develop enhancements and new features to our existing service or acceptable new services that keep pace with technological
developments; 

our ability to successfully launch new product platforms, including MARKET.live, the rate of adoption of these platforms and the revenue
generated from these platforms; 

the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, which has had a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial
condition; 

our ability to deliver our services, in light of our dependency on third party Internet providers; 

our ability to raise additional capital or borrow additional funds to fund our operations and execute our business strategy, and the
impact of these transactions on our business and existing stockholders; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified management personnel; 

our ability to pay our debt obligations as they become due; 

our susceptibility to security breaches and other disruptions; 

our ability to maintain
compliance with the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market; and 

the impact of, and our ability to operate our business and effectively manage our growth under evolving and uncertain global
economic, political, and social trends, including inflation, rising interest rates, and recessionary concerns. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on management s current plans, estimates and expectations
in light of information currently available to us, and they are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. There can be no
assurance that future developments affecting us will be those we have anticipated. Actual results may differ materially from these expectations
due to changes in global, regional or local political, economic, business, competitive, market, regulatory and other factors, many of
which are beyond our control, as well as the other factors described in the section entitled Risk Factors within
this Annual Report and in the other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These risks and
uncertainties include those described in the section entitled Risk Factors . 

You
should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are based on the information currently
available to us and speak only as of the date on which they were made. Additional factors or events that could cause our actual results
to differ may also emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. Over time, our actual results, performance,
or achievements may differ from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements, and such difference might be significant
and materially adverse to our security holders. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express
any future trends, or indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events, or otherwise. We have identified some of the important factors that could cause future events to differ from our current
expectations and they are described in this Annual Report under the captions Risk Factors , and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , as well as in other documents that we may file with
the SEC, all of which you should review carefully. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these disclaimers. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a Software-as-a-Service SaaS applications platform developer. We offer three platforms, each designed for a specific target customer. Our SaaS
platform for the direct sales industry is comprised of a suite of interactive video-based sales enablement business software products
marketed on a subscription basis. Available in both mobile and desktop versions, our base SaaS product is verbCRM, our Customer Relationship
Management CRM application, to which our clients can add a choice of enhanced, fully integrated application modules that
include , verbLEARN, our gamified Learning Management System application; verbLIVE, our Live Stream interactive eCommerce application;
and verbPULSE, our business/augmented intelligence notification and sales coach application. verbTEAMS is our standalone, self-onboarding,
video-based CRM and content management application for life sciences companies, professional sports teams, small businesses, and solopreneurs,
with seamless one-button synchronization with Salesforce, that also comes bundled with verbLIVE. MARKET.live is our multi-vendor, multi-presenter,
livestream social shopping platform, that combines ecommerce and entertainment. 

We
use the term client and customer interchangeably throughout this Annual Report. 

Our
SaaS Technology 

Our
suite of SaaS applications can be distinguished from other sales enablement applications because our applications utilize our
proprietary interactive video technology as the primary means of communication between sales and marketing professionals and their
customers and prospects. Moreover, the proprietary data collection and analytics capabilities of our applications inform our users
on their devices in real time, when and for how long their prospects have watched a video, how many times such prospects watched it,
and what they clicked on, which allows our users to focus their time and efforts on hot leads or interested prospects
rather than on those that have not seen such video or otherwise expressed interest in such content. Users can create their hot lead
lists by using familiar, intuitive swipe left/swipe right on-screen navigation. Our clients report that these
capabilities provide for a much more efficient and effective sales process, resulting in increased sales conversion rates. We
developed the proprietary patent-pending interactive video technology, as well as several other patent-issued and patent-pending
technologies that serve as the unique foundation for all our platform applications. 

Our
Products 

verbCRM is our baseline
white-labelled product designed specifically for direct sales professionals that combines the capabilities of CRM lead-generation, content
management, and in-video ecommerce capabilities in an intuitive, yet powerful tool for both inexperienced as well as highly skilled sales
professionals. verbCRM allows users to quickly and easily create, distribute, and post videos to which they can add a choice of on-screen
clickable icons that, when clicked, allow viewers to respond to the user s call-to-action in real-time, in the video, while the
video is playing, without leaving or stopping the video. For example, our technology allows a prospect or customer to click on a product
they see featured in a video and impulse buy it, or to click on a calendar icon in the video to make an appointment with a salesperson,
among many other features and functionalities designed to eliminate or reduce friction from the sales process for our users. The verbCRM
app is designed to be easy to use and navigate and takes little time and training for a user to begin using the app effectively. It usually
takes less than four minutes for a novice user to create an interactive video from our app. Users can add interactive icons to pre-existing
videos, as well as to newly created videos shot with practically any mobile device. verbCRM interactive videos can be distributed via
email, text messaging, chat app, or posted to popular social media directly and easily from our app. No software download is required
to view Verb interactive videos on virtually any mobile or desktop device, including smart TVs. VerbCRM is designed to accommodate a suite
of applications as add-on modules that integrate fully and seamlessly into the platform. These include verbLEARN, verbLIVE, and verbPULSE,
each of which is described below. 

1 

verbLEARN
 is an interactive, video-based learning management system that incorporates all of the clickable in-video technology featured in
our verbCRM application and adapts them for use by educators for video-based education. verbLEARN is used by enterprises seeking to educate
a large sales team or a customer base about new products, or elicit feedback about existing products. It also incorporates Verb s
proprietary data collection and analytics capabilities that inform users in real time when and for how long the viewers watched the video,
how many times they watched it, and what they clicked on, in addition to adding gamification features that enhance the learning aspects
of the application. 

verbLIVE
 is a next-generation interactive live-stream platform with in-video ecommerce capabilities for sales reps that allows them to utilize
a variety of novel sales-driving features, including placing interactive icons on-screen that appear on the screens of all viewers, providing
in-video click-to-purchase capabilities for products or services featured in the live video broadcast, in real-time, driving friction-free
selling. verbLIVE also provides the sales reps with real-time viewer engagement data and interaction analytics. verbLIVE is entirely
browser-based, allowing it to function easily and effectively on all devices without requiring the host or the viewers to download software,
and is secured through end-to-end encryption. 

verbPULSE
 is a business/augmented intelligence notification-based sales enablement platform feature set that tracks users interactions
with current and prospective customers and then helps coach users by telling them what to do next in order to close the sale, virtually
eliminating the lack of skill, training and experience among sales reps from the selling process. 

verbTEAMS is
our standalone interactive, video-based CRM for professional sports teams, small-and medium-sized businesses and solopreneurs.
verbTEAMS also incorporates verbLIVE as a bundled application. verbTEAMS features self-sign-up, self-onboarding, self-configuring,
content management system capabilities, user level administrative capabilities, and high-quality analytics capabilities in both
mobile and desktop platforms that sync with one another. It also has a built-in one-click sync capability with
Salesforce. 

MARKET.live
 is akin to a virtual shopping mall, a centralized online destination where shoppers could explore hundreds, and over time thousands,
of shoppable stores for their favorite brands, influencers, creators and celebrities, all of whom can host livestream shopping events
from their virtual stores that can be seen by all shoppers at the virtual mall. Every store operator can host livestream events, even
simultaneously, and over time we expect there will be thousands of such events, across numerous product and service categories, being
hosted by people from all over the world, always on 24/7 - where shoppers could communicate with the hosts and ask questions
about products directly to the host in real-time through an on-screen chat visible to all shoppers. Shoppers can invite their friends
and family to join them at any of the live shopping events to share the experience - to communicate directly with each other in real
time, and then simply click on a non-intrusive - in-video overlay to place items in an on-screen shopping cart for purchase all
without interrupting the video. Shoppers can visit any number of other shoppable events to meet up and chat with friends, old and new,
and together watch, shop and chat with the hosts, discover new products and services, and become part of an immersive entertaining social
shopping experience. Throughout the experience, the shopping cart follows shoppers seamlessly from event to event, shoppable video to
shoppable video, host to host, product to product. 

The
MARKET.live business model is a simple but next-level B to B play. It is a multi-vendor platform, with a single follow-me style unified
shopping cart, and robust ecommerce capabilities with the tools for consumer brands, big box brick and mortar stores, boutiques, influencers
and celebrities to connect with their clients, customers, fans, followers, and prospects by providing a unique, interactive social shopping
experience that we believe could keep them coming back and engaged for hours. 

A
big differentiator for MARKET.live is that it also provides an online meeting place for friends and family to meet, chat, shop and enjoy
a fun, immersive shopping experience in real time together from anywhere and everywhere in the world. MARKET.live will provide vendors
with extensive business building analytics capabilities not available on, and not shared by many operators of other social media sites
who regard that information as valuable proprietary property. All vendors on MARKET.live will retain this valuable intelligence for their
own, unlimited use. 

2 

MARKET.live
allows vendors an opportunity to reach not only the shoppers they invite to the site from their own client and contact lists, but also
those shoppers who came to the site independently who will discover these vendors as they browse through the many other shoppable events
hosted simultaneously on MARKET.live 24/7, from around the world. We believe our revenue model will be attractive to vendors and will
consist of SaaS recurring revenue as well as a share of revenue generated through sales on the platform. 

MARKET.live
is simply a platform; we hold no inventory, we take no inventory risk, and each vendor manages their own packing and fulfillment, as
well as returns. Only vendors that have a demonstrated ability to manage inventory and fulfillment are selected to participate on MARKET.live. 

As
we continue onboarding vendors to the platform, we are seeing increased interest from product manufacturers seeking to embrace MARKET.live s
direct-to-consumer selling capabilities, cutting-out distribution channel partners in order to reduce costs and increase profitability.
As the economy tightens, we expect that trend to accelerate. 

MARKET.live
will also incorporate a modified version of our verbLIVE Attribution technology, allowing vendors who so choose, to leverage extremely
powerful, built-in affiliate marketing capabilities. Non-vendor visitors to the site can search for those vendors that have activated
the built-in affiliate marketing feature for their events and be compensated when people they referred to that vendor, purchase products
or services during that vendor s shopping event. We expect that this feature, unique to MARKET.live, will drive many more shoppers
who will be referred from all over the world, producing a cross-pollination effect enhancing the revenue opportunities for all MARKET.live
vendors, while also creating an attractive income generating opportunity for non-vendor MARKET.live patrons. 

MARKET.live
is an entirely new platform, built wholly independently and separate from our verbLIVE sales platform, representing what we believe is
the state of the art of shoppable video technology. Whereas verbLIVE is a sales tool for sales reps that subscribe either directly or
through their principal to verbCRM or verbTEAMS, MARKET.live is a multivendor social shopping platform for retailers, brands, manufacturers,
creators and influencers who seek to participate in an open market-style eco-system environment. 

Last fall we launched our Creators on MARKET, a new program that allows creators to monetize their content through livestream
shopping and personalized storefronts on MARKET.live. The program is being marketed to video content creators across multiple social
media channels. Through this new program, creators and influencers can choose the products they love from hundreds of brands and retailers
on MARKET.live and offer their fans and followers those products through livestream shopping events broadcast live on MARKET.live and
simulcast on the creators existing social platforms. They can also offer their favorite products through the Creators personally
branded storefronts they can establish quickly and easily on MARKET.live. Depending on the products chosen, Creators can earn between
5 and 20 of their gross sales at no cost and no risk to the Creators selected to participate in the program. 

With
more than 12 million products from brands like Athleta, Best Buy, Target, Container Store, Banana Republic, GAP, Saks Off 5th, SSENSE,
LOFT, DERMSTORE, INTERMIX, UNCOMMON GOODS, and many more, Creators can choose to feature their favorite products and promote and sell
them to their fans and followers. All MARKET.live events are interactive so followers and fans can chat with the Creators in real time,
as well as with one another, creating a more entertaining and engaging social shopping experience. When their interest level peaks, Creators 
fans and followers can click on the screen to buy the products. Creators accepted into the program are not required to make any investment
in inventory, nor do they have the burden of managing fulfillment or shipping. The only requirement for them to remain in the program
is for them to continue to create and promote the same videos they re already doing on YouTube and elsewhere online. Livestream
events are recorded and available to watch in the Creators personally branded stores on MARKET.live for those fans and followers
to return 24/7 after the livestream events to browse and purchase the Creators featured products, as the recorded livestream videos
remain shoppable. 

3 

verbTV
 will launch as a feature of our MARKET.live platform, serving to draw an audience of people seeking to consume video content that
is also interactive and shoppable. We expect this additional audience will also be exposed to and enhance the eco-system of shoppers
and retailers on MARKET.live. Over time it is anticipated that verbTV will feature concerts, game shows, sports, including e-sports,
sitcoms, podcasts, special events, news, including live events, and other forms of video entertainment that is all interactive and shoppable.
verbTV represents an entirely new distribution channel for all forms of content by a new generation of content creators looking for greater
freedom to explore the creative possibilities that a native interactive video platform can provide for their audience. We believe content
creators may also enjoy greater revenue opportunities through the native ecommerce capabilities the platform provides to sponsors and
advertisers who will enjoy real-time monetization, data collection and analytics. Through verbTV, sponsors and advertisers will be able
to accurately measure the ROI from their marketing spend, instead of relying on imprecise viewership information traditionally offered
to television sponsors and advertisers. 

Verb
Partnerships and Integrations 

verbMAIL
for Microsoft Outlook and Salesforce Integration of verbLIVE and verbTEAMS. verbMAIL is a product of our partnership with Microsoft
and is available as an add-in to Microsoft Outlook for Outlook and Office 365 subscribers. verbMAIL allows users to create interactive
videos seamlessly within Outlook by clicking the verbMAIL icon in the Outlook toolbar. The videos are automatically added to an email
and can be sent easily through Outlook using the user s contacts they already have in Outlook. The application allows users to
easily track viewer engagement and together with other features represents an effective sales tool available for all Outlook users worldwide.
We have completed and deployed the integration of verbLIVE into Salesforce and have a verbTEAMS sync application for Salesforce users.
To date, adoption of these products has been low due in large part to management s decision to reduce and deploy development and
marketing resources to other areas of the Company s business that it believes can generate a greater return on investment. 

Popular
Enterprise Back-Office System Integrations. We have integrated verbCRM into systems offered by 19 of the most popular direct
sales back-office system providers, such as Direct Scale, Exigo, By Design, Thatcher, Multisoft, Xennsoft, Ziplingo, and
Party Plan. Direct sales back-office systems provide many of the support functions required for direct sales operations, including
payroll, customer genealogy management, statistics, rankings, and earnings, among other direct sales financial tracking
capabilities. The integration into these back-office providers, facilitated through our own API development, allows single sign-on
convenience for users, as well as enhanced data analytics and reporting capabilities for all users. Our experience confirms that our
integration into these back-end platforms accelerates the adoption of verbCRM by large direct sales enterprises that rely on these
systems and as such, we believe this represents a competitive advantage. 

Non-Digital
Products and Services 

Historically,
we have provided certain non-digital services to some of our enterprise clients such as printing and fulfillment services. Due to declining
sales associated with reduced or eliminated client in-person conferences and other events stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, and consistent
with management s strategy to exit this area of our business due to the low margins, high costs, and limited scalability, we entered
into a customer referral agreement with a third party for our cart site and printing business. Under this agreement, we earn a 10 commission
for customer referrals and 8 on merchandise sales and certain cart site design fees, all of which are recognized as non-digital revenue
on a net basis. 

For
these reasons, management has suggested that a more accurate measure of our performance is the historical growth of our SaaS and digital
business and associated revenue, which has been the focus of our initiatives, while we have continued to exit the low margin, non-digital
business. While the SaaS and digital business has grown year over year, that growth is not readily apparent when analyzing our top-line
revenue because the total revenue represents the growing SaaS and digital business upon which we are focused, off-set by the non-digital business we are intentionally exiting. 

4 

Our
Market 

Historically,
our client base consisted primarily of multi-national direct sales enterprises to whom we provide white-labeled, client-branded versions
of our products. Our client base has expanded to include large enterprises in the life sciences sector,
professional sports franchises, among other business sectors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we provided subscription-based application
services to approximately 180 enterprise clients for use in over 100 countries and in over 48 languages. Since inception, we have had
more than 3.5 million downloads of our verbCRM applications across all of the white-labelled versions created for clients on our platform. 

Revenue
Generation 

A
description of our principal revenue generating activities is as follows: 

1. 
 Digital
 Revenue which is divided into two main categories: 

a. 
 SaaS
 recurring digital revenue based on contract-based subscriptions to our Verb app products and platform services which include verbCRM,
 verbLEARN, verbLIVE, verbPULSE, and verbTEAMs. The revenue is recognized over the subscription period. 

b. 
 Non-SaaS,
 non-recurring digital revenue, which is revenue generated by the use of our app products and in-app purchases, such as sampling and
 other services obtained through the app. The revenue for samples is recognized upon completion and shipment, while the design fees
 are recognized when the service has been rendered, collectability is reasonably assured, and the app is delivered to the customer. 

2. 
 Non-digital
 revenue, which is revenue we generate from non-app, non-digital sources through ancillary services we provide as an accommodation
 to our clients and customers. These services include design, printing, fulfillment and shipping services. The revenue is recognized
 upon completion and shipment of products or fulfillment to customers. In April 2022, we entered into a customer referral
 agreement with a third party for our cart site and printing business. Under the agreement, we earn a 10 commission for customer
 referrals and 8 on merchandise sales and certain cart site design fees, all of which are recognized as non-digital revenue on a
 net basis. 

3. 
 MARKET.live,
 launched at the end of July 2022, generates revenue through several sources as follows: 

a. 
 All
 sales run through our ecommerce facility on MARKET.live from which we deduct a platform fee that ranges from 10 to 20 of gross
 sales, with an average of approximately 15 , depending upon the pricing package the vendors select as well as the product category
 and profit margins associated with such categories. The revenue is derived from sales generated during livestream events, from sales
 realized through views of previously recorded live events available in each vendor s store, as well as from sales of product
 and merchandise displayed in the vendors online stores, all of which are shoppable 24/7. 

b. 
 Produced
 events. MARKET.live offers fee-based services that range from full production of livestream events, to providing professional hosts
 and event consulting. 

c. 
 The
 MARKET.live site is designed to incorporate sponsorships and other advertising based on typical industry rates. 

Distribution
Methods 

We
distribute our services through the following methods: 

Prospective
 customers and clients can subscribe to our applications on a monthly or annual contract through a simple, web-based sign-up form
 accessible on our website (https://www.verb.tech), as well as through interactive sign-up links that we distribute via email, text
 messaging and through social media. 

Enterprise
 users that subscribe to our verbCRM software service can distribute custom-branded sign-up links to their internal and external staff
 via email or other electronic means. 

5 

We
 have entered into partnership agreements with other CRM providers to incorporate our interactive video technology into such other
 CRM providers software platforms to be offered to their existing and prospective client base for an additional monthly recurring
 fee, which fee is shared with us. 

We
 have entered into license and partnership agreements with digital marketing companies and advertising agencies to resell our Verb
 interactive video technology to their existing and prospective client bases for monthly fees which fees are shared with us. 

We
 expect to enter into partnership agreements with large cloud services providers, to bundle our application with such providers 
 other applications offered to their existing and prospective global customer base in order to generate greater utilization fees from
 such customers need for more data storage and bandwidth required by video-based applications. 

We
 employ a direct sales team, as well as outside non-employee sales consultants. 

Marketing 

We
utilize our own proprietary interactive video platform as the foundation of our ongoing marketing initiatives. Historically, our initiatives
have included, among other things, daily, broad-based social media engagement by a dedicated team of full-time employees and outside
consultants; management of our interactive video-based website; and interactive video-based email campaigns and television commercials.
In addition, the 19 direct sales back-office systems providers with whom we have integrated verbCRM, market our applications to their
customers and prospects in exchange for finders fees. 

Competition 

We
compete in the CRM applications industry, as well as in the video conferencing/webinar industry. We believe that CRM applications that incorporate our proprietary Verb interactive
video technology provide significant competitive advantages over the CRM applications that do not. Salesforce, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP,
and Adobe, the long-term leaders in the CRM sector, collectively account for over 40 of industry sales. These companies, as well as
many others, have numerous differences in feature sets and functionality, but all share certain basic attributes. Most of them were designed
before the advent and proliferation of mobile phones, social media, and the technology behind the current ubiquity of video over the
internet and more recently on mobile devices. While many of them have attempted to incorporate video capabilities into their respective
CRM platforms, sometimes in bolt-on fashion, we do not believe any of them has done so in a manner that is
as effective as our interactive in-video ecommerce platform that allows users to place clickable calls-to-action right in the video,
including into users pre-existing sales and product videos. In addition, Verb s interactive videos are viewable on both
mobile and desktop devices regardless of operating system and without the need to download a proprietary player or program. 

We
also compete in the video webinar and ecommerce solution provider sectors. The webinar sector is dominated by Zoom, WebEx, and Go2Meeting,
among others. The ecommerce solution provider sector is dominated by Shopify, among others. However, we believe our verbLIVE application
provides a superior solution for users seeking to use video webinars as a sales tool because our in-video clickable icons provide seamless
in-video ecommerce capabilities that are not offered by either Zoom (or other large webinar providers) or Shopify. We believe verbLIVE
represents a unique solution that combines the best features of Zoom and Shopify in a single application, offering users a more friction-free
and effective selling experience. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the market share, marketing strength, and established positions in the
marketplace of our competitors may prevent us from obtaining a large share of these markets. 

6 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
policy is to protect our technology through, among other things, a combination of patents, trade secrets and copyrights. We primarily
rely upon trade secrets and copyrighted proprietary software, code, and know-how to protect our interactive video technology platform
and associated applications. We have taken security measures to protect our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, to the extent possible.
Our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not prove to be adequate and our competitors may independently develop technology
or products that are similar to ours or that compete with ours. Trade secret and copyright laws afford only limited protection for our
technology and products. The laws of many countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the
United States. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to obtain and use information
that we regard as proprietary. Third parties may also design around our proprietary rights, which may render our protected technology
and products less valuable, if the design around is favorably received in the marketplace. 

We filed a provisional patent application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office PTO with respect to providing
interactive video streams involving interactive buttons which we utilize in our video products. However, our provisional patent application
may not result in the issuance of a patent, or may result in narrow claims, which may limit the protection we are attempting to obtain.
We also hold a number of granted patents in two families with pending continuations. A first family relates to systems and methods for
enhanced networking, conversion tracking, and conversion attribution. This family contains two issued patents (U.S. Pat. No. 9,792,380,
issued October 17, 2017; and U.S. Pat. No. 10,467,317, issued Nov. 5, 2019) and a pending continuation. A second family relates to systems
and methods for generating a custom campaign. This family contains one issued patent (U.S. Pat. No. 10,643,247, issued May 5, 2020) and
a pending continuation. These existing patents and any future patents that may be issued to us, may not protect commercially important
aspects of our technology. Furthermore, the validity and enforceability of such patents may be challenged by third parties, which may
result in our patents being invalidated or modified by the PTO, various legal actions against us, the need to develop or obtain alternative
technology or appropriate licenses under third-party patents, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

We
control access to our proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees
and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with third parties. Despite our precautions, we cannot assure you that our technology
platform and products do not infringe patents held by others or that they will not in the future. Litigation may be necessary to enforce
our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others,
or to defend against claims of infringement, invalidity, misappropriation, or other claims. 

Research
and Development 

We
incurred 5.2 million and 12.3 million of research and development expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
In addition to the amounts expensed in 2022 and 2021, we capitalized 2.8 million and 4.3 million, respectively, of costs associated
with the development of MARKET.live. These costs consist of expenditures for the research and development of new products and technology.
They are primarily expenses to vendors contracted to perform research projects and development of our interactive video-based sales enablement
platform and associated applications. 

Suppliers 

While
many of our design, development, and engineering team is U.S.-based, we currently utilize a group of dedicated full-time and part-time
off-shore experienced professionals for some of the coding and maintenance of our software. We believe we have mitigated the risks associated
with managing an external team of software development professionals by incorporating experienced internal management and oversight,
as well as appropriate systems, protocols, controls, and procedures to ensure the protection and integrity of all our applications. We
have also ensured access to additional qualified professionals to provide like or complementary services on an as-needed basis. 

Dependence
on Key Customers 

Based
on our current business and anticipated future activities as described in this Annual Report, we do not have any customers that represent
more than 10 of our 2022 revenue. 

7 

Government
Regulation 

Our
software and services are subject to certain legal, regulatory and other requirements. These laws are complex and evolving. Various U.S.
federal and state laws govern many of our business activities, including, without limitation, the processing of payments and handling
of consumer information. Despite our significant efforts to comply with all applicable requirements, there can be no guarantee that our
efforts will be sufficient or that existing laws, rules or other requirements will not be interpreted, revised, augmented or rewritten
in a way that adversely affects our regulated business activities, which comprise a significant majority of our overall business. For
additional information related to these risk-related issues, refer to the section entitled Risk Factors within this
Annual Report. 

Human
Capital Management 

As
of April 12, 2023, we had 76 full-time statutory employees, one part-time employee, and 33 independent contractors. We engage independent
contractors on an as-needed basis to provide specific expertise in areas of software design, development and coding, content creation,
audio and video editing, video production services, and other business functions, including marketing and accounting. None of our employees
are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have had no labor-related work stoppages and believe our relationship with our employees,
both full-time and part-time, consultants, and independent contractors, is satisfactory. 

We
believe our people are at the heart of our success and our customers success. We endeavor to not only attract and retain talented
employees, but also to provide a challenging and rewarding environment to motivate and develop our valuable human capital. We look to
our talented employees to lead and foster various initiatives that support our company culture including those related to diversity,
equity and inclusion. In addition, we rely heavily on our talented team to execute our growth plans and achieve our long-term strategic
objectives. 

We
provide competitive compensation and benefits for our employees. Our compensation packages may include base salary, commission or annual
performance-based bonuses, and share-based compensation. We also offer general employee medical, dental, and vision insurance, health
savings and flexible spending accounts, mental health resources, paid time off, paid family leave, life and disability insurance, and
a 401(k) plan. These programs and our overall compensation packages seek to attract and retain talented employees. 

We
take the health and welfare of our employees very seriously and have encouraged safe practices designed to stem the infection and spread
of COVID-19 within our workforce and beyond and to maintain the mental health and well-being of our employees. Beginning in March 2020,
in an effort to protect our employees and comply with applicable government orders, we restricted non-essential employee travel and transitioned
our employees to a remote work environment. We currently expect the majority of our employees will continue working remotely at least
through the end of 2023. We are committed to our employees returning to the workplace in the long-term. 

Our
Historical Background 

Verb
Technology Company, Inc. is a SaaS application platform developer, incorporated in 2012 in the state of Nevada. 

On
April 12, 2019, we acquired Sound Concepts Inc. pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger. As a result of the merger, Sound Concepts
merged with and into our wholly owned subsidiary, NF Acquisition Company, LLC. Upon completion of the merger, NF Acquisition Company,
LLC changed its name to Verb Direct, LLC Verb Direct ). 

On
September 4, 2020, Verb Acquisition Co., LLC Verb Acquisition ), a subsidiary of Verb Technology, entered into a membership
interest purchase agreement with Ascend Certification, LLC, dba SoloFire. 

On
October 18, 2021, we established verbMarketplace, LLC Market LLC ), a Nevada limited liability company. Market LLC is a
wholly owned subsidiary established for our MARKET.live platform. 

8 

Our
common stock and common stock purchase warrants trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols VERB and VERBW, 
respectively. Our Internet website address is https://www.verb.tech . 

Recent Developments 

At a
special meeting of stockholders on April 10, 2023 (the Special Meeting of Stockholders ), our stockholders approved a Certificate
of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to increase our authorized common stock from 200,000,000 shares to 400,000,000 shares and
approved the grant of discretionary authority to our board of directors to effect a reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common
stock at a specific ratio within a range of one-for-five (1-for-5) to a maximum of a one-for-forty (1-for-40) split. 

In addition,
at the Special Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan
to increase the number of shares authorized under the plan by 15,000,000 shares of common stock to be authorized for awards granted under
the plan. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
short and long-term success is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors that are difficult to predict
or beyond our control. As a result, investing in the Company s common stock involves substantial risk. The Company s stockholders
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to the other information contained in or incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report, as well as the other information we file with the SEC from time to time. The risks described below
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair
our business operations and financial results. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results
of operations could be adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or
part of your investment. Our filings with the SEC also contain forward-looking statements that involve risks or uncertainties. Our actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated or contemplated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of
factors, including the risks we face described below, as well as other variables that could affect our operating results. Past financial
performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends
to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have incurred significant net losses and cannot assure you that we will achieve or maintain profitable operations. 

We have incurred recurring losses
since our inception in 2012. Our net loss was 37.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 19.0 million was non-cash;
and 34.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, of which 7.3 million was non-cash. To date, we have funded our operations through
cash collected from sales of our products and services, offerings of our equity securities, and debt financing. We have devoted substantially
all of our resources to the design, development and commercialization of our products, the scaling of our technology and infrastructure,
and our marketing and sales efforts. We may continue to incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including unforeseen
expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown events. 

To implement our business strategy
and achieve consistent profitability, we need to, among other things, continue to reduce operating expenses, increase sales of our products
and the gross profit associated with those sales, continue to reduce research and development expenses, and increase our marketing and
sales efforts to drive an increase in the number of customers and clients utilizing our services. These expenditures may make it more
difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. In addition, our efforts to grow our business may be more expensive than we expect, and
we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to offset operating expenses. If we are forced to reduce our expenses beyond our planned
cost reduction initiatives, our growth strategy could be compromised. To offset our anticipated operating expenses, we will need to generate
and sustain significant revenue levels in future periods in order to become profitable, and even if we do, we may not be able to maintain
or increase our level of profitability. 

Accordingly, we cannot assure
you that we will achieve sustainable operating profits as we continue to reduce operating expenses, restructure our balance sheet, further
develop our marketing efforts, and otherwise implement our growth initiatives. Any failure to achieve and maintain profitability would
have a materially adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan, our results and operations, and our financial condition,
and could cause the value of our common stock, to decline, resulting in a significant or complete loss of your investment. 

9 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm s report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 has raised substantial doubt
as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm indicated in its report on our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for
the year ended December 31, 2022 that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. A going concern 
opinion indicates that the financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and do not include any
adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets, or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result if we do not continue as a going concern. Therefore, you should not rely on our consolidated balance sheet
as an indication of the amount of proceeds that would be available to satisfy claims of creditors, and potentially be available for distribution
to stockholders, in the event of liquidation. The presence of the going concern note to our financial statements may have an adverse
impact on the relationships we are developing and plan to develop with third parties as we continue the commercialization of our products
and could make it challenging and difficult for us to raise additional financing, all of which could have a material adverse impact on
our business and prospects and result in a significant or complete loss of your investment. 

If
we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to operate our business and pay our debt obligations as they become due,
we may need to seek to borrow additional funds, dispose of our assets, or reduce or delay capital expenditures. There can be no assurance
that we will ever be profitable or that debt or equity financing will be available to us in the amounts, on terms, and at times deemed
acceptable to us, if at all. The issuance of additional equity securities by us would result in a significant dilution in the equity
interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, would increase our liabilities
and future cash commitments. If we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us, we may be unable
to continue our business, as planned, and as a result may be required to scale back or cease operations for our business, the results
of which would be that our stockholders would lose some or all of their investment. Our audited consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
and classifications of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. For additional information, please
refer to the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Liquidity and Capital Resources Going Concern, as well as Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included
within this Annual Report. 

Public
health threats, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters and other events beyond our control, have had and may continue to have
a significant negative impact on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

Public
health threats and other highly communicable diseases and outbreaks could adversely impact our operations, the operations of our customers,
suppliers, distributors and other business partners, as well as the healthcare system in general. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic
has led to severe disruptions in general economic activities, as businesses and federal, state, and local governments take increasingly
broad actions to mitigate this public health crisis. We have experienced disruption to our business, both in terms of disruption of our
operations and the adverse effect on overall economic conditions. These conditions have had significant negative impacts on all aspects
of our business. Our business is dependent on the continued health and productivity of our employees, including our software engineers,
sales staff and corporate management team. Individually and collectively, the consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic have had, and may
continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, sales, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our business
operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although
we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services
to our customers and could decrease demand for our services. 

Additionally,
our liquidity could be negatively impacted if these conditions continue for a significant period of time and we may be required to pursue
additional sources of financing to obtain working capital, maintain appropriate inventory levels, and meet our financial obligations.
Capital and credit markets have been disrupted by the crisis and our ability to obtain any required financing is not guaranteed and largely
dependent upon evolving market conditions and other factors. Depending on the continued impact of the crisis, further actions may be
required to improve our cash position and capital structure. 

The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or other public health threats, natural disasters or catastrophic events, ultimately impacts our
business, sales, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus
or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even after the COVID-19
pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience significant impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including
any economic downturn or recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 

10 

Our
ability to grow and compete in the future will be adversely affected if adequate capital is not available to us or not available on terms
favorable to us. 

We
have limited capital resources. We have financed our operations entirely through equity investments by founders and other investors and
the incurrence of debt, and we expect to continue to finance our operations in the same manner in the foreseeable future. Our ability
to continue our normal and planned operations, to grow our business, and to compete in our industry will depend on the availability of
adequate capital. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional funding from those or other sources when or in the amounts
needed, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise capital through the sale of equity, or securities convertible into equity, it would
result in dilution to our then-existing stockholders, which could be significant depending on the price at which we may be able to sell
our securities. If we raise additional capital through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, we would likely become subject to further
covenants restricting our business activities, and holders of debt instruments may have rights and privileges senior to those of our
then-existing stockholders. In addition, servicing the interest and principal repayment obligations under debt facilities could divert
funds that would otherwise be available to support development of new programs and marketing to current and potential new clients. If
we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate development of new
programs or future marketing efforts, or reduce or discontinue our operations. Any of these events could significantly harm our business,
financial condition, and prospects. 

Our
indebtedness, and the agreements governing such indebtedness, subject us to required debt service payments, as well as financial restrictions
and operating covenants, any of which may reduce our financial flexibility and affect our ability to operate our business. 

From
time to time, we have financed our liquidity needs in part from borrowings made under various credit agreements. As of December 31, 2022,
the aggregate outstanding principal balance of our notes payable was 9.7 million. 

The
agreements underlying these transactions contain certain financial restrictions, operating covenants, and debt service requirements.
Our failure to comply with obligations under these agreements, or inability to make required debt service payments, could result in an
event of default under the agreements. A default, if not cured or waived, could permit a lender to accelerate payment of the loan, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Further, if our debt is accelerated,
we cannot be certain that funds will be available to pay the debt or that we will have the ability to refinance the debt on terms satisfactory
to us or at all. If we are unable to repay or refinance the accelerated debt, we could become insolvent and seek to file for bankruptcy
protection, which would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 

In
addition, the covenants in our credit agreements could limit our ability to engage in transactions that would be in our best interest,
or otherwise respond to changing business and economic conditions, and may therefore have a material impact on our business. For example,
our borrowings will require debt service payments, which could require us to divert funds identified for other purposes to such debt
service payments. Further, if we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to refinance the
debt, dispose of its assets, or reduce or delay expenditures. Alternatively, we may be required to issue equity to obtain necessary funds,
which would be dilutive to our stockholders. We do not know whether we would be able to take any of these actions on a timely basis or
at all. 

Our
current or future level of indebtedness could affect our operations in several ways, including the following: 

the
 covenants contained in current or future agreements governing outstanding indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional
 funds, refinance debt, dispose of assets, and make certain investments; 

debt
 covenants may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; 

11 

a
 high level of debt would increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

a
 significant level of debt may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and, therefore,
 may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness would prevent us from pursuing; and 

a
 high level of debt may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, debt service requirements,
 acquisitions, or other purposes. 

For
additional information refer to the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources , as well as Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

The
success of our business is dependent upon our ability to maintain and expand our customer base and our ability to convince our customers
to increase the use of our services and/or platform. If we are unable to expand our customer base and/or the use of our services and/or
platform by our customers declines, our business will be harmed. 

Our
ability to expand and generate revenue depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and expand our relationships with existing customers
and convince them to increase their use of our platform. If our customers do not increase their use of our platform, then our revenue
may not grow and our results of operations may be harmed. It is difficult to predict customers usage levels accurately and the
loss of customers or reductions in their usage levels may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. If a significant number of customers cease using, or reduce their usage of, our platform, then we may be required to spend
significantly more on sales and marketing than we currently plan to spend in order to maintain or increase revenue. These additional
expenditures could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Most of our customers do not have long-term
contractual financial commitments to us and, therefore, most of our customers could reduce or cease their use of our platform at any
time without penalty or termination charges. 

The
market in which we operate is intensely competitive and, if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 

The
market for CRM applications is intensely competitive and rapidly changing, barriers to entry are relatively low, and many of our competitors,
including Salesforce.com, Microsoft, Oracle, SAP SE, and Adobe, which collectively accounted for over 40 of industry sales
in 2021, have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater financial,
technical, and other resources, than we do. In addition, many of our potential competitors have established marketing relationships and
access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators, and resellers. As a result,
our competitors may be able to respond more effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, customer
requirements, competitive pressures, or challenges within the financial markets. Furthermore, because of these advantages, even if our
products and services are more effective than the products and services that our competitors offer, potential customers might accept
competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our products and services. If we do not compete effectively against our current
and future competitors, our operating results could be harmed. 

We
may not be able to increase the number of our strategic relationships or grow the revenues received from our current strategic relationships. 

We have entered into certain strategic relationships with other individuals
and enterprises and are actively seeking additional strategic relationships. There can be no assurance, however, that these strategic
relationships will result in material revenues for us or that we will be able to generate any other meaningful strategic relationships.
If we are not able to increase the number of our strategic relationships or grow the revenues received from our current strategic relationships,
our operating results could be harmed. 

12 

We
may not be able to develop enhancements and new features to our existing service or acceptable new services that keep pace with technological
developments. 

If
we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our sales enablement applications that keep pace with rapid technological
developments, such as verbLIVE, our business will be harmed. The success of enhancements, new features, and services depends on several
factors, including the timely completion, introduction, and market acceptance of the feature or edition. Failure in this regard may significantly
impair our revenue growth or harm our reputation. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements
or in timely bringing them to market at a competitive price or at all. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of new
network platforms or technologies, or modifications to existing platforms or technologies, could increase our research and development
expenses. Any failure of our service to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for
our service, result in customer dissatisfaction, and harm our business. 

Our
ability to deliver our services is dependent on third party Internet providers. 

The
Internet s infrastructure is comprised of many different networks and services that, by design, are highly fragmented and distributed.
This infrastructure is run by a series of independent, third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and
supporting services of the Internet under the governance of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Numbers and Names ICANN and the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority IANA ), which is now related to ICANN. 

The
Internet has experienced, and will continue to experience, a variety of outages and other delays due to damages to portions of its infrastructure,
denial-of-service attacks, or related cyber incidents. These scenarios are not under our control and could reduce the availability of
the Internet to us or our customers for delivery of our services. Any resulting interruptions in our services or the ability of our customers
to access our services could result in a loss of potential or existing customers and harm our business. 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information,
proprietary business information of our customers, including, credit card and payment information, and personally identifiable information
of our customers and employees. The secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to our operations
and business strategy. 

In
addition, we are subject to numerous federal, state, provincial and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of data. Some jurisdictions
have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data and our
agreements with certain customers require us to notify them in the event of a security incident. Evolving regulations regarding personal
data and personal information, including the General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ),
and the recently passed California Privacy Rights Act, which amends the CCPA and has many provisions that became effective on January
1, 2023, especially relating to classification of IP addresses, machine identification, location data and other information, may limit
or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business. Such laws and regulations require or may require us or our customers to implement
privacy and security policies, permit consumers to access, correct or delete personal information stored or maintained by us or our customers,
inform individuals of security incidents that affect their personal information, and, in some cases, obtain consent to use personal information
for specified purposes. 

We
believe that we take reasonable steps to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of the information we collect, use, store,
and disclose, and we take steps to strengthen our security protocols and infrastructure, however, our information technology and infrastructure
may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. We also could be negatively
impacted by software bugs or other technical malfunctions, as well as employee error or malfeasance. Advanced cyber-attacks can be multi-staged,
unfold over time, and utilize a range of attack vectors with military-grade cyber weapons and proven techniques, such as spear phishing
and social engineering, leaving organizations and users at high risk of being compromised. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss
of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory
penalties, a disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of confidence in our business, early termination of our contracts
and other business losses, indemnification of our customers, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection
and insurance costs, financial penalties, litigation, regulatory investigations and other significant liabilities, any of which could
materially harm our business any of which could adversely affect our business, revenues, and competitive position. 

13 

Our
success depends, in part, on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure,
as well as our ability to adapt and expand our infrastructure. 

The
capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology hardware and software infrastructure are important to the operation
of our current business, which would suffer in the event of system failures. Likewise, our ability to expand and update our information
technology infrastructure in response to our growth and changing needs is important to the continued implementation of our new service
offering initiatives. Our inability to expand or upgrade our technology infrastructure could have adverse consequences, including the
delayed provision of services or implementation of new service offerings, and the diversion of development resources. We rely on third
parties for various aspects of our hardware and software infrastructure. Third parties may experience errors or disruptions that could
adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. Interruption and/or failure of any of these systems could disrupt our
operations and damage our reputation, thus adversely impacting our ability to provide our products and services, retain our current users,
and attract new users. In addition, our information technology hardware and software infrastructure may be vulnerable to unauthorized
access, misuse, computer viruses, or other events that could have a security impact. If one or more of such events occur, our customer
and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our information technology hardware and software infrastructure,
or otherwise, could be compromised, which could result in significant losses or reputational damage. We may be required to expend significant
additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may
be subject to litigation and financial losses, any of which could substantially harm our business and our results of operations. 

We
are dependent on third parties to, among other things, maintain our servers, provide the bandwidth necessary to transmit content, and
utilize the content derived therefrom for the potential generation of revenues. 

We
depend on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software, and operational
support necessary to provide some of our products and services. Some of these third parties do not have a long operating history or may
not be able to continue to supply the equipment and services we desire in the future. If demand exceeds these vendors capacity,
or if these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or are otherwise unable to provide the equipment or services we need
in a timely manner, at our specifications and at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some products and services might be materially
adversely affected, or the need to procure or develop alternative sources of the affected materials or services might delay our ability
to serve our users. These events could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain and attract users, and have a material negative
impact on our operations, business, financial results, and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to find suitable software developers at an acceptable cost or at all. 

We
currently rely on certain key suppliers and vendors in the coding and maintenance of our software. We will continue to require such expertise
in the future. Due to the current demand for skilled software developers, we run the risk of not being able to find or retain suitable
and qualified personnel at an acceptable price, or at all. These risks may be greater now than in the past due to current general labor
shortages in the United States. Without these developers, we may not be able to further develop and maintain our software, which is the
most important aspect of our business development. 

The
success of our business is highly correlated to general economic conditions. 

Demand
for our products and services is highly correlated with general economic conditions, as a substantial portion of our revenue is derived
from discretionary spending by individuals, which typically declines during times of economic instability. Declines in economic conditions
in the United States or in other countries in which we operate, including declines as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and may operate
in the future may adversely impact our financial results. Because such declines in demand are difficult to predict, we or our industry
may have increased excess capacity as a result. An increase in excess capacity may result in declines in prices for our products and
services. Our ability to grow or maintain our business may be adversely affected by sustained economic weakness and uncertainty, including
the effect of wavering consumer confidence, high unemployment, and other factors. The inability to grow or maintain our business would
adversely affect our business, financial conditions, and results of operations, and thereby an investment in our common stock. 

14 

Our
failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our products, weaken our competitive position
and reduce our revenue, and infringement claims asserted against us or by us, could have a material adverse effect. 

We
regard the protection of our intellectual property, which includes patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and domain names, as
critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as
well as contractual restrictions. We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors,
and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our
proprietary information. However, these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property
may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of similar technologies by others. 

We
have two patents related to our system for providing access to, storing and distributing content, and we filed a provisional
patent application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office PTO ), with respect to our interactive video technology. We
have one patent related to methods for generating a custom campaign, and one continuation with respect to the same. Our provisional patent
application may not result in the issuance of a patent, or certain claims may be rejected or may need to be narrowed, which may limit
the protection we are attempting to obtain. In addition, our existing patents and any future patents that may be issued to us, may not
protect commercially important aspects of our technology. Furthermore, the validity and enforceability of our patents may be opposed,
challenged, or circumvented by third parties, including our competitors, which may result in our patents being invalidated or modified
by the PTO, various legal actions against us, the need to develop or obtain alternative technology, or obtain appropriate licenses under
third-party patents, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. 

We
have registered domain names and trademarks in the United States and have pursued additional registrations both in and outside the United
States. Effective trade secret, copyright, trademark, domain name and patent protection is expensive to develop and maintain, both in
terms of initial and ongoing registration requirements and the costs of defending our rights. Notwithstanding our efforts, third parties
may independently develop technology that is not covered by our patents, or that is similar to, or competes with, our technology. In
addition, our intellectual property may be infringed or misappropriated by third parties, particularly in foreign countries where the
laws and governmental authorities may not protect our proprietary rights as effectively as those in the United States. We may be required
to protect our intellectual property in an increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and may not be successful
or which we may not pursue in every location. 

Monitoring
unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly. Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate
to prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property. Further, we may not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate
steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. In addition, our competitors may independently develop similar technology. The laws
in the United States and elsewhere change rapidly, and any future changes could adversely affect us and our intellectual property. Our
failure to meaningfully protect our intellectual property could result in competitors offering services that incorporate our most technologically
advanced features, which could seriously reduce demand for our products. In addition, we may in the future need to initiate infringement
claims or litigation. Litigation, whether we are a plaintiff or a defendant, can be expensive, time-consuming and may divert the efforts
of our technical staff and managerial personnel, which could harm our business, whether or not such litigation results in a determination
that is unfavorable to us. In addition, litigation is inherently uncertain, and thus we may not be able to stop its competitors from
infringing upon our intellectual property rights. 

15 

Natural
disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us. 

Natural
disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy,
and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power
shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events
could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers and could decrease demand for our services. 

Our
future success depends on our key executive officers and our ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. 

Our
future success largely depends upon the continued services of our executive officers and management team, especially our Chief Executive
Officer, Chairman of our board of directors, and President, Mr. Rory J. Cutaia. If one or more of our executive officers are unable or
unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all. Additionally, we may incur additional
expenses to recruit and retain new executive officers. If any of our executive officers joins a competitor or forms a competing company,
we may lose some or all of our customers. Finally, we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our executive
officers. Because of these factors, the loss of the services of any of these key persons could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations, and thereby an investment in our stock. 

Our
continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel will also be critical to our success because we will need to hire
and retain additional personnel as our business grows. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified
personnel. We face significant competition for skilled personnel in our industries. This competition may make it more difficult and expensive
to attract, hire, and retain qualified managers and employees. Because of these factors, we may not be able to effectively manage or
grow our business, which could adversely affect our financial condition or business. As a result, the value of your investment could
be significantly reduced or completely lost. 

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Securities 

We
are not in compliance with The NASDAQ Capital Market 1.00 minimum bid price requirement and failure to maintain compliance with this
standard could result in delisting and adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is currently traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol VERB . If we fail to meet any of the continued
listing standards of The NASDAQ Capital Market, our common stock will be delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market. These continued listing
standards include specifically enumerated criteria, such as a 1.00 minimum closing bid price. 

On
May 12, 2022, we received a letter from The NASDAQ Stock Market advising that the Company did not meet the minimum 1.00 per share bid
price requirement for continued inclusion on The NASDAQ Capital Market pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). The Company
initially had a period of 180 calendar days, or until November 8, 2022, to regain compliance. On November 9, 2022, we were granted an
additional 180-day period from the Nasdaq Stock Market Listing Qualifications Staff, through May 8, 2023, to regain compliance with the
 1.00 minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. To demonstrate compliance with this requirement,
the closing bid price of our common stock needs to be at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days before May
8, 2023. In order to satisfy this requirement, the Company intends to continue actively monitoring
the bid price for its common stock between now and May 8, 2023 and will consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain
compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

While
we intend to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain continued
compliance with this rule or the other listing requirements of The NASDAQ Capital Market. If we were unable to meet these requirements,
we would receive another delisting notice from the Nasdaq Capital Market for failure to comply with one or more of the continued listing
requirements. If our common stock were to be delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market, trading of our common stock most likely will be
conducted in the over-the-counter market on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the OTC Markets
or in the pink sheets. Such a downgrading in our listing market may limit our ability to make a market in our common stock
and which may impact purchases or sales of our securities. 

16 

Raising
additional capital, including through future sales and issuances of our common stock, warrants or the exercise of rights to purchase
common stock pursuant to our equity incentive plan could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders,
could cause our share price to fall and could restrict our operations . 

We
expect we will need significant additional capital in the future to continue our planned operations, including any potential acquisitions,
hiring new personnel and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we seek additional capital through a combination
of public and private equity offerings and debt financings, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. To the extent that
we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders
may be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our stockholders. Debt
and receivables financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, which could
also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed
payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt
and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. A failure to obtain adequate funds
may cause us to curtail certain operational activities, including sales and marketing, in order to reduce costs and sustain the business,
and would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

In
addition, we have granted options to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our equity incentive plans and have registered 16,000,000
shares of common stock underlying options and shares granted pursuant to our equity incentive plans. Sales of shares issued upon exercise
of options granted under our equity compensation plans may result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, which could cause
our price of our common stock to fall. 

Our
issuance of additional shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the market value of our common stock, dilute the voting power
of common stockholders and delay or prevent a change of control. 

Our
board of directors have the authority to cause us to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, shares of preferred
stock in one or more series, to designate the number of shares constituting any series, and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges
and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices and liquidation
preferences of such series. 

The
issuance of shares of preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable to
the holders of preferred stock could adversely affect the market price for our common stock by making an investment in the common stock
less attractive. For example, investors in the common stock may not wish to purchase common stock at a price above the conversion price
of a series of convertible preferred stock because the holders of the preferred stock would effectively be entitled to purchase common
stock at the lower conversion price causing economic dilution to the holders of common stock. 

Further,
the issuance of shares of preferred stock with voting rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our other classes
of voting stock either by diluting the voting power of our other classes of voting stock if they vote together as a single class, or
by giving the holders of any such preferred stock the right to block an action on which they have a separate class vote even if the action
were approved by the holders of our other classes of voting stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may also have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company without further action by the stockholders, even where stockholders
are offered a premium for their shares. 

The
market price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to substantial volatility. 

The
market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including; 

volatility
 in the trading markets generally and in our particular market segment; 

limited
 trading of our common stock; 

17 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 

the
 financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet those projections; 

announcements
 regarding our business or the business of our customers or competitors; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles; 

actual
 or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 

developments
 or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our offerings, or third-party proprietary rights; 

announced
 or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; 

new
 laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

any
 major change in our board of directors or management; 

sales
 of shares of our common stock by us or by our stockholders; 

lawsuits
 threatened or filed against us; and 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) or responses
 to these events. 

Statements
of, or changes in, opinions, ratings, or earnings estimates made by brokerage firms or industry analysts relating to the markets in which
we operate or expect to operate could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market as
a whole, as well as our particular market segment, has from time-to-time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, which may
affect the market price for the securities of many companies, and which often have appeared unrelated to the operating performance of
such companies. Any of these factors could negatively affect our stockholders ability to sell their shares of common stock at
the time and price they desire. 

A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital, which could adversely impact our
ability to continue operations. 

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in
our ability to raise capital. We may attempt to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our planned operations
through the sale of equity securities; thus, a decline in the price of our common stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our
operations because the decline may adversely affect investors desire to invest in our securities. If we are unable to raise the
funds we require for all of our planned operations, we may be forced to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may suffer a significant
negative effect on our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new products or services and continue our current
operations. As a result, our business may suffer, and we may be forced to reduce or discontinue operations. We also might not be able
to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale of our common stock and we may be forced to reduce
or discontinue operations. 

18 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the near future, our stockholders will not be able to receive
a return on their shares unless and until they sell them. 

We
intend to retain a significant portion of any future earnings to finance the development, operation and expansion of our business. We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. The declaration, payment, and amount of any future
dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations,
cash flows, and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as our board of directors considers relevant.
There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount
of any such dividend. Unless our board of directors determines to pay dividends, our stockholders will be required to look to appreciation
of our common stock to realize a gain on their investment. There can be no assurance that this appreciation will occur. 

Our
common stock has been categorized as penny stock, which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares of
common stock due to suitability requirements. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as
defined) less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are
covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than
established customers and accredited investors . The term accredited investor refers generally to institutions
with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000
jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt
from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny
stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid
and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account
statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer
and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must
be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that
is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities.
We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. has adopted sales practice requirements that historically may have limited a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA has
adopted rules that require that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that
speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements historically has made
it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which could limit your ability to buy and
sell our common stock, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares, and thereby depress our price per share of common stock. 

The
elimination of monetary liability against our directors, officers, and employees under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification
rights for our obligations to our directors, officers, and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage
lawsuits against our directors, officers, and employees. 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions permitting us to eliminate the personal liability of our directors and officers
to us and our stockholders for damages for the breach of a fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent provided by Nevada law.
In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers to provide such indemnification rights.
We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under any future employment agreements with our officers. The foregoing indemnification
obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors
and officers, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and the resulting costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit
against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation
by our stockholders against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

19 

Anti-takeover
effects of certain provisions of Nevada state law hinder a potential takeover of us. 

Nevada
has a business combination law that prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders 
for three years after an interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation s
board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person
who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares
of the corporation or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition
of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential
acquirer to use the corporation s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests
of the corporation and its other stockholders. 

The
potential effect of Nevada s business combination law is to discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so
if these parties cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors. Both of these provisions could limit the price investors would
be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 

Our
bylaws contain an exclusive forum provision, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 

Our
bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the state and federal courts in the State
of Nevada shall be the exclusive forum for any litigation relating to our internal affairs, including, without limitation: (a) any derivative
action brought on behalf of us, (b) any action asserting a claim for breach of fiduciary duty to us or our stockholders by any current
or former officer, director, employee, or agent of us, or (c) any action against us or any current or former officer, director, employee,
or agent of us arising pursuant to any provision of the Nevada Revised Statutes, the articles of incorporation, or the bylaws. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the exclusive forum provision described above does not apply to any claims arising under the Securities Act or
Exchange Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

The
choice of forum provision in our bylaws may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find
favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our
directors, officers, employees and agents even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The applicable courts
may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may
be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders.
With respect to the provision making the state and federal courts in the State of Nevada the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions, stockholders who do bring a claim in the state and federal courts in the State of Nevada could face additional litigation
costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Nevada. Finally, if a court were to find this provision
of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur
additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

20 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
California office is approximately 6,700 square feet and is located at 2210 Newport Blvd., Suite 200, Newport Beach, California 92663.
Our office houses our executive and administrative operations under an operating lease that expires on May 31, 2027 for monthly rent
of approximately 35,000. We believe that our facility is sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable additional space will
be available as and when needed. 

On
April 12, 2019, we acquired four office and warehouse leases in American Fork, Utah related to the operation of Verb Direct with an aggregate
lease payment of 31,000 per month. The lessor of the office and warehouse area is JMCC Properties, which is an entity owned and controlled
by the former shareholders and certain current officers of Verb Direct. On January 3, 2022, we entered into a termination agreement for
such offices and warehouse leases. Under the terms of the agreement, two of the building leases terminated on January 15, 2022 and the
other two terminated on April 30, 2022. 

On
April 26, 2022, we entered into an office space sub-lease agreement in Lehi, Utah. The agreement requires us to pay 12,000 per month
for an initial term of eighteen months, which increases by 3 per annum after twelve months. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

For
a discussion of our legal proceedings, refer to Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies , in the notes to our audited
consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VERB. 

Holders
of Common Stock 

As
of April 12, 2023, there were approximately 83 holders of record of our common stock. These holders of record include depositories that
hold shares of stock for brokerage firms which, in turn, hold shares of stock for numerous beneficial owners. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid dividends. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, but currently
intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. The payment of dividends, if any, on our common
stock will rest solely within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital
requirements, financial condition, and other relevant factors. Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement we entered into on January
12, 2022 with three institutional investors, which we disclosed on a Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 13, 2022, we were prohibited
from declaring or paying a cash dividend or distribution on any of our common stock. On January 26, 2023, the Company repaid in full
all of the outstanding obligations associated with the securities purchase agreement at which time the prohibition against the declaration or paying of a dividend was extinguished. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all sales of equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, were previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

21 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the other financial information
that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. The following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties such as our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements below. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences
in our actual results include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and those discussed elsewhere within this Annual Report,
particularly in the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and the Item entitled Risk
Factors. 

Overview 

We are a Software-as-a-Service SaaS applications platform developer. We offer three platforms, each designed for a specific target customer. Our SaaS
platform for the direct sales industry is comprised of a suite of interactive video-based sales enablement business software products
marketed on a subscription basis. Available in both mobile and desktop versions, our base SaaS product is verbCRM, our Customer Relationship
Management CRM application, to which our clients can add a choice of enhanced, fully integrated application modules that
include verbLEARN, our gamified Learning Management System application; verbLIVE, our Live Stream interactive eCommerce application; and
verbPULSE, our business/augmented intelligence notification and sales coach application; verbTEAMS is our standalone, self-onboarding
video-based CRM and content management application for life sciences companies, professional sports teams, small businesses and solopreneurs,
with seamless one-button synchronization with Salesforce, that also comes bundled with verbLIVE. MARKET.live is our multi-vendor, multi-presenter,
livestream social shopping platform, that combines ecommerce and entertainment. 

We
use the term client and customer interchangeably throughout this Annual Report. 

Our
SaaS Technology 

Our
suite of applications can be distinguished from other sales enablement applications because our applications utilize our proprietary
interactive video technology as the primary means of communication between sales and marketing professionals and their customers and
prospects. Moreover, the proprietary data collection and analytics capabilities of our applications inform our users on their devices
in real time, when and for how long their prospects have watched a video, how many times such prospects watched it, and what they clicked
on, which allows our users to focus their time and efforts on hot leads or interested prospects rather than on those that
have not seen such video or otherwise expressed interest in such content. Users can create their hot lead lists by using familiar, intuitive
 swipe left/swipe right on-screen navigation. Our clients report that these capabilities provide for a much more efficient
and effective sales process, resulting in increased sales conversion rates. We developed the proprietary patent-pending interactive video
technology, as well as several other patent-issued and patent-pending technologies that serve as the unique foundation for all our platform
applications. 

22 

Our
Products 

verbCRM is
our baseline white-labelled product designed specifically for direct sales professionals that combines the capabilities of CRM
lead-generation, content management, and in-video ecommerce capabilities in an intuitive, yet powerful tool for both inexperienced
as well as highly skilled sales professionals. verbCRM allows users to quickly and easily create, distribute, and post videos to
which they can add a choice of on-screen clickable icons which, when clicked, allow viewers to respond to the user s
call-to-action in real-time, in the video, while the video is playing, without leaving or stopping the video. For example, our
technology allows a prospect or customer to click on a product they see featured in a video and impulse buy it, or to click on a
calendar icon in the video to make an appointment with a salesperson, among many other features and functionalities designed to
eliminate or reduce friction from the sales process for our users. The verbCRM app is designed to be easy to use and navigate and
takes little time and training for a user to begin using the app effectively. It usually takes less than four minutes for a novice
user to create an interactive video from our app. Users can add interactive icons to pre-existing videos, as well as to newly
created videos shot with practically any mobile device. verbCRM interactive videos can be distributed via email, text messaging,
chat app, or posted to popular social media directly and easily from our app. No software download is required to view Verb
interactive videos on virtually any mobile or desktop device, including smart TVs. verbCRM is designed to accommodate a suite of applications as add-on modules that integrate fully and seamlessly
into the platform. These include verbLEARN, verbLIVE, and verbPULSE, each of which is described below. 

verbLEARN
 is an interactive, video-based learning management system that incorporates all of the clickable in-video technology featured in
our verbCRM application and adapts them for use by educators for video-based education. verbLEARN is used by enterprises seeking to educate
a large sales team or a customer base about new products, or elicit feedback about existing products. It also incorporates Verb s
proprietary data collection and analytics capabilities that inform users in real time when and for how long the viewers watched the video,
how many times they watched it, and what they clicked on, in addition to adding gamification features that enhance the learning aspects
of the application. 

verbLIVE
 is a next-generation interactive live-stream platform with in-video ecommerce capabilities for sales reps that allows them to utilize
a variety of novel sales-driving features, including placing interactive icons on-screen that appear on the screens of all viewers, providing
in-video click-to-purchase capabilities for products or services featured in the live video broadcast, in real-time, driving friction-free
selling. verbLIVE also provides the sales reps with real-time viewer engagement data and interaction analytics. verbLIVE is entirely
browser-based, allowing it to function easily and effectively on all devices without requiring the host or the viewers to download software,
and is secured through end-to-end encryption. 

verbPULSE
 is a business/augmented intelligence notification-based sales enablement platform feature set that tracks users interactions
with current and prospective customers and then helps coach users by informing them what to do next in order to close the sale, virtually
eliminating the lack of skill, training and experience among sales reps from the selling process. 

verbTEAMS is
our standalone interactive, video-based CRM for life sciences companies, professional sports teams, small-and medium-sized
businesses and solopreneurs. verbTEAMS also incorporates verbLIVE as a bundled application. verbTEAMS features self-sign-up,
self-onboarding, self-configuring, content management system capabilities, user level administrative capabilities, and high-quality
analytics capabilities in both mobile and desktop platforms that sync with one another. It also has a built-in one-click sync
capability with Salesforce. 

MARKET.live
 is akin to a virtual shopping mall, a centralized online destination where shoppers could explore hundreds, and over time thousands,
of shoppable stores for their favorite brands, influencers, creators and celebrities, all of whom can host livestream shopping events
from their virtual stores that can be seen by all shoppers at the virtual mall. Every store operator can host livestream events, even
simultaneously, and over time we expect there will be thousands of such events, across numerous product and service categories, being
hosted by people from all over the world, always on 24/7 - where shoppers could communicate with the hosts and ask questions
about products directly to the host in real-time through an on-screen chat visible to all shoppers. Shoppers can invite their friends
and family to join them at any of the live shopping events to share the experience - to communicate directly with each other in real
time, and then simply click on a non-intrusive - in-video overlay to place items in an on-screen shopping cart for purchase all
without interrupting the video. Shoppers can visit any number of other shoppable events to meet up and chat with friends, old and new,
and together watch, shop and chat with the hosts, discover new products and services, and become part of an immersive entertaining social
shopping experience. Throughout the experience, the shopping cart follows shoppers seamlessly from event to event, shoppable video to
shoppable video, host to host, product to product. 

The
MARKET.live business model is a simple but next-level B to B play. It is a multi-vendor platform, with a single follow-me style unified
shopping cart, and robust ecommerce capabilities with the tools for consumer brands, big box brick and mortar stores, boutiques, influencers
and celebrities to connect with their clients, customers, fans, followers, and prospects by providing a unique, interactive social shopping
experience that we believe could keep them coming back and engaged for hours. 

23 

A
big differentiator for MARKET.live is that it also provides an online meeting place for friends and family to meet, chat, shop and enjoy
a fun, immersive shopping experience in real time together from anywhere and everywhere in the world. MARKET.live will provide vendors
with extensive business building analytics capabilities not available on, and not shared by many operators of other social media sites
who regard that information as valuable proprietary property. All vendors on MARKET.live will retain this valuable intelligence for their
own, unlimited use. 

MARKET.live
allows vendors an opportunity to reach not only the shoppers they invite to the site from their own client and contact lists, but also
those shoppers who came to the site independently who will discover these vendors as they browse through the many other shoppable events
hosted simultaneously on MARKET.live 24/7, from around the world. We believe our revenue model will be attractive to vendors and will
consist of SaaS recurring revenue as well as a share of revenue generated through sales on the platform. 

MARKET.live
is simply a platform; we hold no inventory, we take no inventory risk, and each vendor manages their own packing and fulfillment, as
well as returns. Only vendors that have a demonstrated ability to manage inventory and fulfillment are selected to participate on MARKET.live. 

As
we continue onboarding vendors to the platform, we are seeing increased interest from product manufacturers seeking to embrace MARKET.live s
direct-to-consumer selling capabilities, cutting-out distribution channel partners in order to reduce costs and increase profitability.
As the economy tightens, we expect that trend to accelerate. 

MARKET.live
will also incorporate a modified version of our verbLIVE Attribution technology, allowing vendors who so choose, to leverage extremely
powerful, built-in affiliate marketing capabilities. Non-vendor visitors to the site can search for those vendors that have activated
the built-in affiliate marketing feature for their events and be compensated when people they referred to that vendor, purchase products
or services during that vendor s shopping event. We expect that this feature, unique to MARKET.live, will drive many more shoppers
who will be referred from all over the world, producing a cross-pollination effect enhancing the revenue opportunities for all MARKET.live
vendors, while also creating an attractive income generating opportunity for non-vendor MARKET.live patrons. 

MARKET.live
is an entirely new platform, built wholly independently and separate from our verbLIVE sales platform, representing what we believe is
the state of the art of shoppable video technology. Whereas verbLIVE is a sales tool for sales reps that subscribe either directly or
through their principal to verbCRM or verbTEAMS, MARKET.live is a multivendor social shopping platform for retailers, brands, manufacturers,
creators and influencers who seek to participate in an open market-style eco-system environment. More recently, we are beginning to see
interest from existing verbLIVE clients who see the value of MARKET.live as a corporate communications tool for use in sales, marketing,
lead-generation, training and recruitment initiatives. 

Last fall we launched our Creators on MARKET.live, a new program that allows creators to monetize their content through livestream
shopping and personalized storefronts on MARKET.live. The program is being marketed to video content creators across multiple social
media channels. Through this new program, creators and influencers can choose the products they love from hundreds of brands and retailers
on MARKET.live and offer their fans and followers those products through livestream shopping events broadcast live on MARKET.live and
simulcast on the creators existing social platforms. They can also offer their favorite products through the Creators personally
branded storefronts they can establish quickly and easily on MARKET.live. Depending on the products chosen, Creators can earn between
5 and 20 of their gross sales at no cost and no risk to the Creators selected to participate in the program. 

With
more than 12 million products from brands like Athleta, Best Buy, Target, Container Store, Banana Republic, GAP, Saks Off 5th, SSENSE,
LOFT, DERMSTORE, INTERMIX, UNCOMMON GOODS, and many more, Creators can choose to feature their favorite products and promote and sell
them to their fans and followers. All MARKET.live events are interactive so followers and fans can chat with the Creators in real time,
as well as with one another, creating a more entertaining and engaging social shopping experience. When their interest level peaks, Creators 
fans and followers can click on the screen to buy the products. Creators accepted into the program are not required to make any investment
in inventory, nor do they have the burden of managing fulfillment or shipping. The only requirement for them to remain in the program
is for them to continue to create and promote the same videos they re already doing on YouTube and elsewhere online. Livestream
events are recorded and available to watch in the Creators personally branded stores on MARKET.live for those fans and followers
to return 24/7 after the livestream events to browse and purchase the Creators featured products, as the recorded livestream videos
remain shoppable. 

24 

verbTV
 will launch as a feature of our MARKET.live platform, serving to draw an audience of people seeking to consume video content that
is also interactive and shoppable. We expect this additional audience will also be exposed to and enhance the eco-system of shoppers
and retailers on MARKET.live. Over time it is anticipated that verbTV will feature concerts, game shows, sports, including e-sports,
sitcoms, podcasts, special events, news, including live events, and other forms of video entertainment that is all interactive and shoppable.
verbTV represents an entirely new distribution channel for all forms of content by a new generation of content creators looking for greater
freedom to explore the creative possibilities that a native interactive video platform can provide for their audience. We believe content
creators may also enjoy greater revenue opportunities through the native ecommerce capabilities the platform provides to sponsors and
advertisers who will enjoy real-time monetization, data collection and analytics. Through verbTV, sponsors and advertisers will be able
to accurately measure the ROI from their marketing spend, instead of relying on imprecise viewership information traditionally offered
to television sponsors and advertisers. 

Verb
Partnerships and Integrations 

verbMAIL
for Microsoft Outlook and Salesforce Integration of verbLIVE and verbTEAMS. verbMAIL is a product of our partnership with Microsoft
and is available as an add-in to Microsoft Outlook for Outlook and Office 365 subscribers. verbMAIL allows users to create interactive
videos seamlessly within Outlook by clicking the verbMAIL icon in the Outlook toolbar. The videos are automatically added to an email
and can be sent easily through Outlook using the user s contacts they already have in Outlook. The application allows users to
easily track viewer engagement and together with other features represents an effective sales tool available for all Outlook users worldwide.
We have completed and deployed the integration of verbLIVE into Salesforce and have a verbTEAMS sync application for Salesforce users.
To date, adoption of these products has been low due in large part to management s decision to reduce and deploy development and
marketing resources to other areas of the Company s business that it believes can generate a greater return on investment. 

Popular
Enterprise Back-Office System Integrations. We have integrated verbCRM into systems offered by 19 of the most popular direct
sales back-office system providers, such as Direct Scale, Exigo, By Design, Thatcher, Multisoft, Xennsoft, Ziplingo, and Party Plan.
Direct sales back-office systems provide many of the support functions required for direct sales operations, including payroll,
customer genealogy management, statistics, rankings, and earnings, among other direct sales financial tracking capabilities. The
integration into these back-office providers, facilitated through our own API development, allows single sign-on convenience for
users, as well as enhanced data analytics and reporting capabilities for all users. Our experience confirms that our integration
into these back-end platforms accelerates the adoption of verbCRM by large direct sales enterprises that rely on these systems and
as such, we believe this represents a competitive advantage. 

Non-Digital
Products and Services 

Historically,
we have provided certain non-digital services to some of our enterprise clients such as printing and fulfillment services. Due to declining
sales associated with reduced or eliminated client in-person conferences and other events stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, and consistent
with management s strategy to exit this area of our business due to the low margins, high costs, and limited scalability, we entered
into a customer referral agreement with a third party for our cart site and printing business. Under this agreement, we earn a 10 commission
for customer referrals and 8 on merchandise sales and certain cart site design fees, all of which are recognized as non-digital revenue
on a net basis. 

For
these reasons, management has suggested that a more accurate measure of our performance is the historical growth of our SaaS and digital
business and associated revenue, which has been the focus of our initiatives, while we have continued to exit the low margin, non-digital
business. While the SaaS and digital business has grown year over year, that growth is not readily apparent when analyzing our top-line
revenue because the total revenue represents the growing SaaS and digital business upon which we are focused, off-set by the non-digital business we are intentionally exiting. 

25 

Our
Market 

Historically,
our client base consisted primarily of multi-national direct sales enterprises to whom we provide white-labeled, client-branded versions
of our products. Over the past couple of years, our client base has expanded to include large enterprises in the life sciences sector,
professional sports franchises, among other business sectors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we provided subscription-based application
services to approximately 180 enterprise clients for use in over 100 countries and in over 48 languages. Since inception, we have had
more than 3.5 million downloads of our verbCRM applications across all of the white-labelled versions created for clients on our platform. 

Revenue
Generation 

A
description of our principal revenue generating activities is as follows: 

1. 
 Digital
 Revenue which is divided into two main categories: 

a. 
 SaaS
 recurring digital revenue based on contract-based subscriptions to our Verb app products and platform services which include verbCRM,
 verbLEARN, verbLIVE, verbPULSE, and verbTEAMs. The revenue is recognized over the subscription period. 

b. 
 Non-SaaS,
 non-recurring digital revenue, which is revenue generated by the use of our app products and in-app purchases, such as sampling and
 other services obtained through the app. The revenue for samples is recognized upon completion and shipment, while the design fees
 are recognized when the service has been rendered, collectability is reasonably assured, and the app is delivered to the customer. 

2. 
 Non-digital
 revenue, which is revenue we generate from non-app, non-digital sources through ancillary services we provide as an accommodation
 to our clients and customers. These services include design, printing, fulfillment and shipping services. The revenue is recognized
 upon completion and shipment of products or fulfillment to customers. In April 2022, we entered into a customer referral
 agreement with a third party for our cart site and printing business. Under the agreement, we earn a 10 commission for customer
 referrals and 8 on merchandise sales and certain cart site design fees, all of which are recognized as non-digital revenue on a
 net basis. 

3. 
 MARKET.live,
 launched at the end of July 2022, generates revenue through several sources as follows: 

a. 
 All
 sales run through our ecommerce facility on MARKET.live from which we deduct a platform fee that ranges from 10 to 20 of gross
 sales, with an average of approximately 15 , depending upon the pricing package the vendors select as well as the product category
 and profit margins associated with such categories. The revenue is derived from sales generated during livestream events, from sales
 realized through views of previously recorded live events available in each vendor s store, as well as from sales of product
 and merchandise displayed in the vendors online stores, all of which are shoppable 24/7. 

b. 
 Produced
 events. MARKET.live offers fee-based services that range from full production of livestream events, to providing professional hosts
 and event consulting. 

c. 
 The
 MARKET.live site is designed to incorporate sponsorships and other advertising based on typical industry rates. 

26 

Economic
Disruption and the COVID-19 Pandemic 

Our
business is dependent in part on general economic conditions. Many jurisdictions in which our customers are located and our products
are sold have experienced and could continue to experience unfavorable general economic conditions, such as inflation, increased interest
rates and recessionary concerns, which could negatively affect demand for our products. Under difficult economic conditions, customers
may seek to cease spending on our current products or fail to adopt our new products. We cannot predict the timing or impact of an economic
slowdown, or the timing or strength of any economic recovery. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Governments
and businesses around the world continue to take actions to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 and its variants. Uncertainty with respect
to the economic effects of the pandemic has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets. 

Despite
increased vaccine distribution programs and loosening of COVID-19 related restrictions in the regions in which we operate during the
year ended December 31, 2022, both the pandemic and ongoing containment and mitigation measures have had, and are likely to continue
to have, an adverse impact on the global and U.S. economies, the severity and duration of which are uncertain. As such, our business,
operations and financial condition has been, and we anticipate will continue to be, adversely impacted by reduced demand for our applications
and non-digital services, as well as reduced access to capital. To mitigate the adverse impact COVID-19 may have on our business and
operations, we implemented a number of measures to strengthen our financial position, including eliminating, reducing, or deferring non-essential
expenditures. However, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our business, financial conditions, and results of operations
in the future remains uncertain and will be affected by a number of factors, including the duration and extent of the pandemic, the emergence
of variants to COVID-19 the duration and extent of imposed or recommended containment and mitigation measures, the extent, duration,
and effective execution of government stabilization and recovery efforts, including those from the successful distribution of effective
vaccines. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may have long-term effects on the nature of the office environment and remote working. This may present operational
and workplace culture challenges that may adversely affect our business. Throughout the year ended December 31, 2022, we have encouraged
safe practices designed to stem the infection and spread of COVID-19 within our workforce and beyond and to maintain the mental health
and well-being of our employees. 

We
continue to actively communicate with and listen to our customers to ensure we are responding to their needs in the current environment
with innovative solutions that will not only be beneficial now but also over the long-term. We monitor developments related to COVID-19
and remain flexible in our response to the challenges presented by the pandemic. 

Recent Developments 

At a
special meeting of stockholders on April 10, 2023, our stockholders approved a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation
to increase our authorized common stock from 200,000,000 shares to 400,000,000 shares and approved the grant of discretionary authority
to our board of directors to effect a reverse stock split of our outstanding shares of common stock at a specific ratio within a range
of one-for-five (1-for-5) to a maximum of a one-for-forty (1-for-40) split. 

27 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following is a comparison of the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Revenue 

Digital
 revenue 

SaaS recurring
 subscription revenue 
 7,663 
 6,831 
 832 
 
 Other
 digital revenue 
 611 
 1,347 
 (736 
 
 Total digital revenue 
 8,274 
 8,178 
 96 

Non-digital
 revenue 
 1,161 
 2,346 
 (1,185 

Total revenue 
 9,435 
 10,524 
 (1,089 

Cost of revenue 

Digital 
 2,306 
 2,249 
 57 
 
 Non-digital 
 1,005 
 2,255 
 (1,250 
 
 Total cost of revenue 
 3,311 
 4,504 
 (1,193 

Gross margin 
 6,124 
 6,020 
 104 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 
 5,188 
 12,345 
 (7,157 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,529 
 1,677 
 852 
 
 General
 and administrative 
 25,234 
 25,710 
 (476 
 
 Impairment loss 
 11,965 
 - 
 11,965 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 44,916 
 39,732 
 5,184 

Loss from operations 
 (38,792 
 (33,712 
 (5,080 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest expense 
 (2,947 
 (2,575 
 (372 
 
 Change in fair value of
 derivative liability 
 2,933 
 598 
 2,335 
 
 Other income, net 
 1,369 
 91 
 1,278 
 
 Debt
 extinguishment, net 
 - 
 1,112 
 (1,112 
 
 Total other income
 (expense) , net 
 1,355 
 (774 
 2,129 

Net loss 
 (37,437 
 (34,486 
 (2,951 

Deemed dividend to Series
 A preferred stockholders 
 - 
 (348 
 348 
 
 Deemed dividend due to warrant reset 
 (246 
 - 
 (246 

Net
 loss to common stockholders 
 (37,683 
 (34,834 
 (2,849 

Revenue 

Our primary focus is on the growth
of our SaaS business and its associated recurring subscription revenue. Over the past several years we have continued the exit and winding-down
of our non-digital services business based on our determination that the non-digital services business (printing, fulfillment, and shipping)
is a low margin legacy business and not scalable. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, our SaaS recurring subscription revenue was 7.7 million, a 12 increase of 832 thousand over the 6.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase was driven primarily from the SaaS recurring subscription-based revenue associated with our verbCRM, verbLIVE,
verbLEARN, and verbPULSE suite of applications, and our verbTEAMS platform. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, non-digital revenue was 1.0 million, representing a planned 51 decrease from the 2.2 million for the year ended December 31,
2021. 

SaaS recurring revenue as a percentage of total revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 81 , compared to 65 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total digital revenue for the year
ended December 31, 2022 increased to 88 of total revenue, compared with 78 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

28 

Cost
of Revenue 

Total cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.3 million,
representing almost a 27 improvement compared to 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The improvement in cost of revenue
is primarily attributed to a planned reduction in low-margin non-digital services, partially offset by a slight increase in digital costs
to support additional enterprise customers on the platform and increased users within our existing customer base. 

Gross
Margin 

Total gross margin of 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022
increased to 65 , compared to 6.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and a total gross margin of 57 . Gross margins improved
as a result of our strategy to focus on higher margin digital revenue and systematic reduction in non-digital services. 

Operating
Expenses 

We reduced research and development
expenses by 58 to 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 12.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.
Research and development expenses primarily consisted of fees paid to employees and vendors contracted to perform research projects and
develop technology. As our product development continues to move from research and development stage to deployment stage, we expect our
research and development cost reductions to continue through Q1 2023 and beyond. 

General and administrative
expenses of 23.3 million for our SaaS business for the year ended December 31, 2022 represents an improvement of 2.4 million or 9 
year over year, as compared to 25.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2022 for our MARKET.live business was 1.9 million, which includes 0.7 million of labor costs, 0.5 million for
professional services, and 0.7 million of other MARKET.live related expenses. 

Our Statement of Operations for
the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects a loss from operations of 38.8 million. However, this sum includes 19.0 million of non-cash
expenses. These non-cash items include 2.5 million in depreciation and amortization expenses, 4.5 million in stock-based compensation,
and a 12.0 million impairment charge to goodwill and intangible assets. The 2.5 million non-cash depreciation and amortization expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022, represent an increase over the 1.7 million amortization expenses for the year ended December 31,
2021. However, the 0.8 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense is attributed to amortization of our capitalized software
development costs associated with our MARKET.live platform. The 12 million non-cash impairment charge recorded for the year ended December
31, 2022 was due to the results of the annual impairment testing of goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets. Refer to
the section below, Use of Non-GAAP Measures Modified EBITDA for more details on non-cash items discussed above. 

Other Income,
net 

Other income, net, for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 1.4 million, which was primarily attributable to an Employee Retention Credit ERC receivable
of 1.5 million. We, through our Professional Employer Organization, filed for federal government assistance for the second and third
quarters of 2021 in the aggregate amount of approximately 1.5 million through ERC provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of
2021. The purpose of the ERC is to encourage employers to keep employees on the payroll, even if they are not working during the covered
period due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, we have yet to receive the funds. 

Use
of Non-GAAP Measures Modified EBITDA 

In
addition to our results under generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we present Modified EBITDA as a supplemental
measure of our performance. However, Modified EBITDA is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative
to net income, income from operations or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow
from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We define Modified EBITDA as net income (loss), plus depreciation and amortization
expense, share-based compensation expense, interest expense, change in fair value of derivative liability, other (income) expense, debt
extinguishment costs, net, MARKET.live startup costs, and other non-recurring charges. 

29 

Management
considers our core operating performance to be that which our managers can affect in any particular period through their management of
the resources that impact our underlying revenue and profit generating operations that period. Non-GAAP adjustments to our results prepared
in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate
for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Modified EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same
as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Modified EBITDA should not be construed as an inference
that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss 
 (37,437 
 (34,486 

Adjustments 

Depreciation and amortization 
 2,529 
 1,677 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 4,455 
 5,668 
 
 Impairment loss 
 11,965 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 2,947 
 2,575 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (2,933 
 (598 
 
 Other income 
 1,369 
 (91 
 
 Debt extinguishment, net 
 - 
 (1,112 
 
 MARKET.live non-recurring startup costs 
 802 
 - 
 
 Other non-recurring 
 126 
 - 

Total
 EBITDA adjustments 
 18,522 
 8,119 
 
 Modified
 EBITDA 
 (18,915 
 (26,367 

Includes general and administrative and R D expenses that are directly related to the launch of our MARKET.live platform and are
not expected to be recurring in future periods. 

The
 7.5 million or 28 increase in Modified EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, resulted from
increased digital revenues, decreases in cost of revenue, research and development, and professional services, offset by an increase
in labor related costs to support future growth. 

We
present Modified EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on
a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. In addition, we use Modified
EBITDA in developing our internal budgets, forecasts and strategic plan; in analyzing the effectiveness of our business strategies in
evaluating potential acquisitions; and in making compensation decisions and in communications with our board of directors concerning
our financial performance. Modified EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, which includes, among others, the following: 

Modified
 EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

Modified
 EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 

Modified
 EBITDA does not reflect future interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on
 our debts; and 

Although
 depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in
 the future, and Modified EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. 

30 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Going
Concern 

We
have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
we incurred a net loss of 37.4 million and used cash in operations of 19.4 million. These factors raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date these financial statements were issued. As a result, our continuation
as a going concern is dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing until we can generate sufficient cash flows from operations
to meet our obligations. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in their report on the Company s
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. We intend to continue to seek additional debt or equity financing, as well as certain strategic opportunities
to continue our operations. 

Equity
financing: 

On January 12, 2022, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement
(the January Purchase Agreement with Tumim Stone Capital LLC (the Investor ). Pursuant to the agreement, we
have the right, but not the obligation, to sell to the Investor, and the Investor is obligated to purchase, up to 50.0 million of newly
issued shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the common stock from time to time during the term of the
agreement, subject to certain limitations and conditions. The Total Commitment is inclusive of 607,287 shares of common stock issued to
the Investor as consideration for its commitment to purchase shares of common stock under the January Purchase Agreement. In connection
with the January Purchase Agreement, we are restricted from entering into an agreement to effect any issuance of common stock involving
a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined therein) during the term of the agreement, subject to certain exceptions set forth therein. On
January 26, 2023, we terminated the January Purchase Agreement. 

On April 20, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement, which
provides for the sale and issuance by us of an aggregate of (i) 14,666,667 shares of common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase 14,666,667
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.75 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 11.0 million before deducting placement
agent commissions and other offering expenses (the April Registered Direct Offering ). As a result of this transaction, certain
warrants which previously had exercise prices ranging from 1.10 to 2.10 per share had the exercise price reduced to 0.75 per share.
We used a portion of the proceeds from the April Registered Direct Offering to repay 1.6 million in principal amount related to the January
Note Purchase Agreement dated January 12, 2022. 

On
October 25, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the October Purchase Agreement ), which provides for
the sale and issuance by us of an aggregate of (i) 12,500,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.32 per share, and (ii)
warrants to purchase 12,500,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.34 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 4.0
million before deducting placement agent commissions and other offering expenses (the October Registered Direct Offering ).
As a result of this transaction, certain warrants which previously had an exercise price of 0.75 per share had the exercise price reduced
to 0.34 per share. Further, in connection with the October Purchase Agreement, we are restricted from (i) issuing or filing any registration
statement to offer the sale of any common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock until 75 days
after the date thereof; and (ii) entering into an agreement to effect any issuance of common stock involving a Variable Rate Transaction
(as defined therein) during the term of the agreement, subject to certain exceptions set forth therein. 

On
January 24, 2023, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Aegis Capital Corp. Aegis as underwriter (the Underwriter ), relating to the offering, issuance and sale of 36,051,000 shares of our common stock
at a public offering price of 0.20 per share. The net proceeds to us were approximately 6.6 million, after deducting discounts, commissions
and estimated offering expenses. Aegis acted as the sole underwriter for the offering and received 6 of the gross proceeds as commission
for the offering. They were also reimbursed by us for certain expenses, in an amount of up to 75,000, including legal fees. As a result
of this transaction, certain warrants which previously had an exercise price of 0.34 per share, had the exercise price reduced to 0.20
per share. 

31 

Debt
financing: 

On
January 12, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the January Note Purchase Agreement with three institutional
investors (collectively, the January Note Holders providing for the sale and issuance of an aggregate original principal
amount of 6.3 million in Convertible Notes Due 2023 (each, a Note, and, collectively, the Notes, and such
financing, the January Note Offering ). The Company and the January Note Holders also entered into a security agreement,
dated January 12, 2022, in connection with the January Note Offering, pursuant to which the Company granted a security interest to the
January Note Holders in substantially all of its assets. The January Note Purchase Agreement prohibits us from entering into an agreement
to effect any issuance of common stock involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined therein) during the term of the agreement, subject
to certain exceptions set forth therein. The January Note Purchase Agreement also gives the January Note Holders the right to require
the Company to use up to 15 of the gross proceeds raised from future debt or equity financings to redeem the Notes, which redemptions
have been elected by the January Note Holders. On January 26, 2023, we repaid in full all outstanding obligations under the January Note
Offering dated January 12, 2022. 

In
September, 2022, the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA approved an additional loan of 0.35 million. As of April 12, 2023, we have not received these funds. 

On
November 7, 2022, we entered into a note purchase agreement (the November Note Purchase Agreement and promissory note
with an institutional investor providing for the sale and issuance of an unsecured, non-convertible promissory in the original principal
amount of 5.5 million, which has an original issue discount of 0.5 million, resulting in gross proceeds to us of approximately 5.0
million (the November Note, and such financing, the November Note Offering ). The November Note matures eighteen
months following the date of issuance. Commencing six months from the date of issuance, we are required to make monthly cash redemption
payments in an amount not to exceed 0.6 million. The November Note may be repaid in whole or in part prior to the maturity date for
a 10 premium. The November Note requires us to use 20 of the gross proceeds raised from future equity or debt financings, or the sale
of any subsidiary or material asset, to prepay the November Note, subject to a cap on the aggregate prepayment amount. Until all obligations
under the November Note have been paid in full, we are not permitted to grant a security interest in any of its assets, or to issue securities
convertible into shares of common stock, subject in each case to certain exceptions. Our wholly owned subsidiary verbMarketplace, LLC
entered into a guaranty, dated November 7, 2022, in connection with the November Note Offering, pursuant to which it guaranteed the obligations
on our behalf under the November Note in exchange for receiving a portion of the loan proceeds. At a special meeting of stockholders on April 10, 2023, our shareholders approved for purposes of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, the issuance of shares of common stock in partial or full satisfaction of the November
Note. However, there is no current agreement or understanding with the November Note holder with respect to repayment of the November
Note through the issuance of shares of common stock. 

Other: 

We,
through our Professional Employer Organization, filed for federal government assistance for the second and third quarters of 2021 in
the aggregate amount of approximately 1.5 million through ERC provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021. As of December
31, 2022, we recorded a long-term receivable of 1.5 million. 

In
November 2022, a cost savings plan was approved and implemented to improve liquidity and preserve cash for operations (the Cost
Savings Plan ). This plan is expected to further reduce expenses moving forward through such actions as a reduction in force, elimination
of certain services provided by various vendors, and a 25 reduction in cash compensation by senior management over a four-month period
in exchange for shares of common stock. 

If
we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to operate our business and pay our debt obligations as they become due,
we will need to seek to raise additional capital, borrow additional funds, dispose of subsidiaries or assets, reduce or delay capital
expenditures, or change our business strategy. However, in light of the restrictive covenants imposed by certain of our prior financings
and the recent decline in the price of common stock, we may be unable to raise additional capital when needed to operate our business
or service our debt. Further, notwithstanding such restrictions, there can be no assurance that debt or equity financing will be available
in the amounts, on terms, or at times deemed acceptable by us. The issuance of additional equity securities would result in significant
dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders and could include rights or preferences senior to those the current stockholders.
Obtaining commercial loans would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments and potentially impose significant operational
or financial restrictions. If we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable, we may be unable to continue
to operate our business or pay our obligations as they become due and as a result may be required to curtail or cease operations, which
may result in stockholders or noteholders losing some or all of their investment. 

32 

For
additional information, refer to Note 1, Description of Business , and Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies and Supplemental Disclosures , to the consolidated financial statements, and the section titled Risk Factors , 
within this Annual Report. 

Overview 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 2.4 million. On January 24, 2023,
we closed a public offering of our common stock for net proceeds of approximately 6.6 million. We estimate our operating expenses for
the next twelve months will exceed any revenue we generate, and we will need to seek to raise additional capital, borrow additional funds,
dispose of subsidiaries or assets, reduce or delay capital expenditures, or change our business strategy. 

The
following is a summary of our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 (in thousands): 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (19,406 
 (25,862 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (4,748 
 (2,263 
 
 Cash provided by financing
 activities 
 25,646 
 27,247 
 
 Increase/(decrease)
 in cash 
 1,492 
 (878 

Cash
Flows Operating 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash flows used in operating activities amounted to 19.4 million, compared to cash used for the
year ended December 31, 2021 of 25.9 million. We generated 6.5 million additional cash from operations due to higher digital revenues
combined with decreases in research and development expenses. 

Cash
Flows Investing 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our cash flows used from investing activities amounted to 4.7 million, primarily due to our investment
in capitalized software development costs related to MARKET.live. 

Cash
Flows Financing 

Our
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 25.6 million, which represented 24.0 million
of net proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock, 11.0 million of gross proceeds from the issuance of notes payable,
 2.7 million of gross proceeds from advances on future receipts and proceeds from option exercises of 0.4 million, all offset by 6.7
million of payments on advances on future receipts, 4.9 million of payments on notes payable and payments for debt issuance costs of
 0.9 million. 

Advances
on Future Receipts 

The
Company has the following advances on future receipts as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Note 
 Issuance
 Date 
 Maturity
 Date 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Original
 Borrowing 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Note 1 
 August 25, 2022 
 May 11, 2023 
 26 
 3,400 
 1,782 
 
 Note 2 
 October 25, 2022 
 April 26, 2023 
 30 
 322 
 207 
 
 Total 

3,722 
 1,989 
 
 Debt discount 

(311 
 
 Debt issuance costs 

(37 
 
 Net 

1,641 

33 

On
August 25, 2022 and October 25, 2022, we received secured advances from an unaffiliated third party totaling 2.5 million and 0.2 million,
respectively, for the purchase of future receipts/ revenues of 3.4 million and 0.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022,
the outstanding balance of the notes was 2.0 million. 

On
February 16, 2023, we modified the advances on future receipts. Under the modification we agreed to extend the payment of the note over
a period of 10 months. As a result, our monthly payments were reduced by approximately 50 . 

Convertible
Notes Payable and Note Payable 

We
have the following outstanding notes payable as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Note 
 Issuance
 Date 
 Maturity
 Date 
 Interest
 Rate 
 Original
 Borrowing 
 Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

Related party convertible note
 payable (A) 
 December 1, 2015 
 April 1, 2023 
 12.0 
 1,249 
 725 
 
 Related party convertible note payable (B) 
 April 4, 2016 
 June 4, 2021 
 12.0 
 343 
 40 
 
 Note payable (C) 
 May 15, 2020 
 May 15, 2050 
 3.75 
 150 
 150 
 
 Convertible notes due 2023 (D) 
 January 12, 2022 
 January 12, 2023 
 6.0 
 6,300 
 1,350 
 
 Promissory note payable (E) 
 November 7, 2022 
 May 7, 2024 
 9.0 
 5,470 
 5,470 
 
 Debt discount 

(408 
 
 Debt issuance costs 

(309 
 
 Total notes payable 

7,018 
 
 Non-current 

(1,215 
 
 Current 

5,803 

(A) 
 On
 December 1, 2015, we issued a convertible note payable to Mr. Cutaia, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, to consolidate
 all loans and advances made by Mr. Cutaia to us as of that date. On May 19, 2021, we amended the note to allow for conversion of
 the note at any time at the discretion of the holder at a fixed conversion price of 1.03, which was the closing price of the common
 stock on the amendment date. On May 12, 2022, the maturity date of the note was extended to April 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022,
 the outstanding balance under the note was 0.7 million. 

(B) 
 On
 April 4, 2016, we issued a convertible note to Mr. Cutaia, in the amount of 0.3 million, to consolidate all advances made by Mr.
 Cutaia to us during the period December 2015 through March 2016. On May 19, 2021, we amended the note to allow for conversion of
 the note at any time at the discretion of the holder at a fixed conversion price of 1.03, which was the closing price of the common
 stock on the amendment date. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance under the note was less than 0.1 million. 

34 

(C) 
 On
 May 15, 2020, we executed an unsecured loan with the SBA under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program in the amount of 0.15 million.
 Installment payments, including principal and interest, began on October 26, 2022. In September 2022, the SBA approved an additional
 loan of 0.35 million. As of April 12, 2023, we have not received these funds. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of
 the note amounted to 0.15 million. 

(D) 
 On
 January 12, 2022, we entered into the January Note Offering, which provided for the sale
 and issuance of an aggregate original principal amount of 6.3 million of the Notes. We also
 entered into a security agreement, dated January 12, 2022, in connection with the January
 Note Offering, pursuant to which the Company granted a security interest to the January Note
 Holders in substantially all of its assets. There are no financial covenants related to these
 notes payable. 
 
 We
 received 6.0 million in gross proceeds from the sale of the Notes. The Notes bear interest of 6.0 per annum, have an original issue
 discount of 5.0 , mature 12 months from the closing date, and have an initial conversion price of 3.00, subject to adjustment in
 certain circumstances as set forth in the Notes. 
 
 In
 connection with the January Note Offering, we incurred 0.5 million of debt issuance costs. The debt issuance costs and the debt
 discount of 0.3 million are being amortized over the term of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. As of December
 31, 2022, the amount of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs was 0.1 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Notes amounted to 1.3 million. We have repaid 5.0 million in principal and
 0.4 million of accrued interest. 
 
 On
 January 26, 2023, we repaid in full all outstanding obligations under the January Note Offering date January 12, 2022. 

(E) 
 On
 November 7, 2022, we entered into the November Note Offering, which provided for the sale
 and issuance of an aggregate original principal amount of 5.5 million in November Notes. 
 
 We
 received 5.0 million in gross proceeds from the sale of the November Notes. The November Notes bear interest of 9.0 per annum,
 have an original issue discount of 8.6 , and mature 18 months from the closing date. 
 
 In
 connection with the November Note Offering, we incurred 0.3 million of debt issuance costs. The debt issuance costs and the debt
 discount of 0.5 million are being amortized over the term of the November Notes using the effective interest rate method. As of
 December 31, 2022, the amount of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs was 0.4 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 
 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the Notes amounted to 5.5 million. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require that we make certain assumptions and estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses
during each reporting period. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reported periods. Management bases these estimates and assumptions upon historical experience, existing and known circumstances, and
other factors that management believes to be reasonable. In addition, the Company has considered the potential impact of the pandemic,
as well as certain macroeconomic factors, including inflation, rising interest rates, and recessionary concerns, on its business and
operations. 

35 

Significant
estimates include assumptions made for reserves of uncollectible accounts receivable, assumptions made in valuing assets acquired in
business combinations, impairment testing of goodwill and other long-lived assets, the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, assumptions
used in valuing derivative liabilities, assumptions used in valuing share-based compensation, and accruals for potential liabilities.
Some of those assumptions can be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company derives its revenue primarily from providing application services through the SaaS application, digital marketing and sales support
services. 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB ASC 606, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). ASC 606 creates a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when
considering the terms of contract(s), which includes (1) identifying the contract(s) or agreement(s) with a customer, (2) identifying
our performance obligations in the contract or agreement, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price
to the separate performance obligations, and (5) recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied. 

A
description of our principal revenue generating activities is as follows: 

1. 
 Digital
 Revenue, which is divided into two main categories: 

a. 
 SaaS
 recurring digital revenue based on contract-based subscriptions to our Verb app products and platform services which include verbCRM,
 verbLEARN, verbLIVE, verbTEAMS, and verbPULSE. The revenue is recognized straight-line over the subscription period. 

b. 
 Non-SaaS,
 non-recurring digital revenue, which is revenue generated by the use of our app products and in-app purchases, such as sampling and
 other services obtained through the app. The revenue for samples is recognized upon completion and shipment, while the design fees
 are recognized when the service has been rendered, collectability is reasonably assured, and the app is delivered to the customer. 

2. 
 Non-digital
 revenue, which is revenue we generate from non-app, non-digital sources through ancillary services we provide as an accommodation
 to our clients and customers. These services include design, printing, fulfillment and shipping services. The revenue is recognized
 upon completion and shipment of products or fulfillment to customers. Effective April 1, 2022, we entered into a customer referral
 agreement with a third party for our cart site and printing business. Under the agreement, we earn a 10 commission for customer
 referrals and 8 on merchandise sales and certain cart site design fees, all of which are recognized as non-digital revenue on a
 net basis. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

We
evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives.
For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair
value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations.
The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated
at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the consolidated balance sheets as current or
non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance
sheet date. 

We
use Level 2 inputs for our valuation methodology for the derivative liabilities as their fair values were determined by using a Binomial
pricing model. Our derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the
fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. 

36 

Share-Based
Compensation 

The
Company issues stock options and warrants, shares of common stock and restricted stock units as share-based compensation to employees
and non-employees. The Company accounts for its share-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation . Share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and is
recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of restricted stock units is determined based on the number of
shares granted and the quoted price of our common stock and is recognized as expense over the service period. Recognition of compensation
expense for non-employees is in the same period and manner as if the Company had paid cash for services. 

Goodwill 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other , we review goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment
at least annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment. Our impairment testing is performed annually at
December 31 (our fiscal year end). Impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets is determined by comparing the fair
value of our reporting units to the carrying value of the underlying net assets in the reporting units. If the fair value of a reporting
unit is determined to be less than the carrying value of its net assets, goodwill is deemed impaired and an impairment loss is recognized
to the extent that the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and the fair value
of its other assets and liabilities. 

Our
annual impairment analysis includes a qualitative assessment to determine if it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test.
In performing a qualitative assessment, we reviewed events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine
if the fair value is less than the carrying value of goodwill. As a result of this qualitative assessment, we determined that a triggering
event had occurred to necessitate performing the quantitative impairment test. After performing the quantitative impairment test in accordance
with ASC 350-20-35-3C, we determined that goodwill was impaired by 10.2 million. We did not record any impairment charges for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Intangible
Assets 

We
have certain intangible assets that were initially recorded at their fair value at the time of acquisition. The finite-lived intangible
assets consist of developed technology and customer contracts. Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of domain names. Intangible
assets with finite useful lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of five years. 

We review all finite lived intangible assets for impairment when circumstances
indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. If the carrying value of an asset group is not recoverable, we recognize an
impairment loss for the excess carrying value over the fair value in our consolidated statements of operations. In addition to the goodwill
impairment loss, the Company recognized an additional impairment loss of 1.8 million on its intangible assets that is primarily attributable
to the Sound Concepts acquisition in 2019. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

For
a summary of our recent accounting policies, please refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Supplemental Disclosures,
 of the Notes to Financial Statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to the financial statements, which begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

37 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

We
carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-
15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process, including policies and procedures, designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our management assessed our internal control over
financial reporting using the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Based
on the results of our evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during
the three months ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Management
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all
errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control systems are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, no evaluation of internal control over financial reporting can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error
or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been or will be detected. 

These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a
simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people,
or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

38 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration of such, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Position
 Held with Our Company 
 
 Age 
 
 Date
 First Elected or Appointed 

Rory
 J. Cutaia 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Director 
 
 67 
 
 October
 16, 2014 
 
 Salman
 H. Khan 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 44 
 
 January
 20, 2022 
 
 James
 P. Geiskopf 
 
 Lead
 Director 
 
 63 
 
 October
 16, 2014 
 
 Philip
 J. Bond 
 
 Director 
 
 66 
 
 September
 10, 2018 
 
 Kenneth
 S. Cragun 
 
 Director 
 
 62 
 
 September
 10, 2018 
 
 Judith
 Hammerschmidt 
 
 Director 
 
 68 
 
 December
 20, 2019 
 
 Edmund
 C. Moy 
 
 Director 
 
 65 
 
 October
 21, 2022 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience of directors and executive officers during at least the past five
years, indicating their principal occupation during the period, the name and principal business of the organization by which they were
employed, and certain of their other directorships: 

Rory
J. Cutaia, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary 

Rory
J. Cutaia has served as our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary, since December 2012 upon the
formation of Cutaia Media Group, LLC, in which roles he has continued to serve through our October 2014 acquisition of bBooth USA to
the present, and served as our Treasurer from December 2012 to January 2022. Mr. Cutaia founded CMG in 2012 and bBooth, Inc. in
2014. In May 2014, CMG and bBooth, Inc. merged and became known as bBoothUSA, which entity was acquired in October 2014 by GSD, our
predecessor. Prior to that, from October 2006 to August 2011, he was a partner and Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Corinthian
Capital Group, Inc. Corinthian ), a private equity fund based in New York City that invested in middle-market, U.S.
based companies. During his tenure at Corinthian, from June 2008 to October 2011, Mr. Cutaia was the co-founder and Executive
Chairman of Allied Fiber, Inc., a company engaged in the construction of a nation-wide fiber-optic network, and from June 2007 to
August 2011, Mr. Cutaia was the Chief Executive Officer and member of the board of directors of GreenFields Coal Company, a company
engaged in the deployment of technology to recycle coal waste and clean-up coal waste sites. Before joining Corinthian, from January
2000 to October 2006, he founded and was the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of The Telx Group, Inc. Telx ), a company engaged in the telecom carrier inter-connection, co-location, and data center business, which he
sold in 2006. Before founding Telx, he was a practicing lawyer with Shea Gould, a prominent New York City law firm. Mr. Cutaia
obtained his Juris Doctorate degree from the Fordham University School of Law in 1985 and his Bachelor of Science, magna cum
laude , in business management from the New York Institute of Technology in 1982. 

We
believe that Mr. Cutaia is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his education and business experience described above, including over 23 years of board of director experience, as well
as his knowledge of our current operations. 

39 

Salman
H. Khan, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Salman
H. Khan was appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer on
January 20, 2022 after having joined the company in May 2021 as Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning
where he worked closely with the Company s CEO in connection with mergers and acquisitions and capital market activities. On March
30, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved Mr. Khan s appointment as the Company s permanent Chief Financial
Officer. Prior to joining Verb, Mr. Khan served as business division chief financial officer, among other senior executive level positions
with Occidental Petroleum Corporation and its spinoff, California Resources Corporation, a NYSE listed company with a market capitalization
of approximately 3.5 billion. Mr. Khan has more than 20 years of finance and accounting experience with eight years at Arthur Andersen,
PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst Young, where he served domestic and international clients in technology, media, telecommunications,
entertainment, and biotechnology industries. Mr. Khan holds a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Michigan, Ross
School of Business and is a licensed chartered certified accountant (UK). 

James
P. Geiskopf, Lead Director 

James
P. Geiskopf has served as one of our directors since the formation of bBooth USA, in which role he has continued to serve through
our October 2014 acquisition of bBooth USA by GSD, our predecessor, to the present. He also serves as our Lead Director. Mr.
Geiskopf has 32 years of experience leading companies in the services industry. From 1975 to 1986, Mr. Geiskopf served as the Chief
Financial Officer of Budget Rent a Car of Fairfield California and from 1986 to 2007, he served as its President and Chief Executive
Officer. In 2007, he sold the franchise. Mr. Geiskopf served on the Board of Directors of Suisun Valley Bank from 1986 to 1993 and
also served on the Board of Directors of Napa Valley Bancorp from 1991 to 1993, which was sold to a larger institution in 1993.
Since 2014, Mr. Geiskopf has served on the board of directors of MetaWorks Platforms, Inc. (formerly Currency Works, Inc.) where he is the chairman of the audit committee. MetaWorks Platforms,
Inc. is a public
company that trades on the OTCQB. From June 2013 to March 16, 2017, the date of his resignation, Mr. Geiskopf served as a director
of Electronic Cigarettes International Group, Ltd., or ECIG, a Nevada corporation, whose common stock was quoted on the
over-the-counter market. ECIG filed a voluntary petition for relief under the provisions of Chapter 7 of Title 11 of the United
States Code on March 16, 2017. 

Mr.
Geiskopf has significant and lengthy business experience including building, operating, and selling companies, serving on the boards
of directors for several banks, and serving as a director and officer of several public companies. In these roles he acquired substantial
business management, strategic, operational, human resource, financial, disclosure, compliance, and corporate governance skills. These
were the primary reasons that we concluded that he should serve as one of our directors. 

Philip
J. Bond, Director 

Philip
J. Bond was appointed as one of our directors effective September 10, 2018. On the same date, he was appointed as Chairman of the Governance
and Nominating Committee and to serve on the Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Nominating Committees. In 2018, Mr. Bond co-founded
Potomac International Partners, Inc., a multidisciplinary consulting firm and currently serves as its President of Government Affairs.
In 2009, TechAmerica, a U.S.-based technology trade association, was formed from the merger of AeA, the Cyber Security Industry Alliance,
the Government Electronics Information Technology Association, and the Information Technology Association of America. Mr. Bond
was appointed as the President of TechAmerica at the date of the merger, and later, in 2010, was appointed as its Chief Executive Officer.
Prior to the merger, Mr. Bond served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Information Technology Association of America from
2006 to 2008. From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Bond served as Undersecretary of Technology in the U.S. Department of Commerce for Technology. From
2002 to 2003, Mr. Bond served concurrently as Chief of Staff to Commerce Secretary Donald Evans. In his dual role, he worked closely
with Secretary Evans to increase market access for U.S. goods and services and further advance America s technological leadership
at home and abroad. Mr. Bond oversaw the operations of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Office of Technology Policy,
and the National Technical Information Service. During his tenure, the Technology Administration was the pre-eminent portal between the
federal government and U.S. technology. Earlier in his career, Mr. Bond served as Senior Vice President of Government Relations for Monster
Worldwide, the world s largest online career site, and General Manager of Monster Government Solutions. Mr. Bond also served as
Director of Federal Public Policy for the Hewlett-Packard Company; Senior Vice President for Government Affairs and Treasurer of the
Information Technology Industry Council; as Chief of Staff to the late Congresswoman Jennifer Dunn (R-WA); Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs; Chief of Staff and Rules Committee Associate for Congressman Bob McEwen (R-OH); and as
Special Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs. Mr. Bond is a graduate of Linfield College in Oregon and now serves
on the school s board of trustees. 

40 

Mr.
Bond has extensive experience in Washington D.C., where he is recognized for his leadership roles in the Executive branch of the government
of the United States, at major high technology companies, and most recently as the Chief Executive Officer of TechAmerica, the largest
technology advocacy association in the United States. Mr. Bond s unique leadership experience and expertise in government relations,
were the primary reasons that we concluded that he should serve as one of our directors. 

Kenneth
S. Cragun, Director 

Kenneth
S. Cragun was appointed as one of our directors effective September 10, 2018. On the same date, he was appointed as Chairman of the Audit
Committee, and to serve on the Compensation and Governance and Nominating Committees. Mr. Cragun was appointed as Chief Financial Officer
of Ault Alliance, Inc. (formally known as BitNile Holdings, Inc.) a diversified holding company, on August 19, 2020. Prior to his appointment
as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cragun served as Ault Alliance s Chief Accounting Officer since October 1, 2018, and since January
2019, as the Senior Vice President of Finance for Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a biopharma company. Mr. Cragun also served as a partner of Hardesty,
LLC, a national executive services firm. He was a partner of its Southern California Practice from October 2016 to October 2018. From
January 2018 to September 2018, Mr. Cragun served as the Chief Financial Officer of CorVel Corporation, or CorVel. CorVel is an Irvine,
California-based national provider of workers compensation solutions for employers, third-party administrators, insurance companies,
and government agencies. Mr. Cragun is a two-time finalist for the Orange County Business Journal s CFO of the Year 
Public Companies and has more than 30 years of experience, primarily in the technology industry. He served as Chief Financial
Officer of two NASDAQ-listed companies: Local Corporation (April 2009 to September 2016), formerly based in Irvine, California, which
operated a U.S. top 100 website Local.com and, in June 2015, filed a voluntary petition in the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the Central District of California seeking relief under the provisions of Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code,
or Bankruptcy Code, and Modtech Holdings, Inc. (June 2006 to March 2009), formerly based in Perris, California Mr. Cragun received his
B.S. in Accounting from Colorado State University-Pueblo. 

Mr.
Cragun s industry experience is vast with extensive experience in fast-growth environments and building teams in more than 20 countries.
Mr. Cragun has led multiple financing transactions, including IPOs, PIPEs, convertible debt, term loans, and lines of credit. For these
reasons, we believe that he will provide additional breadth and depth to our board of directors. 

Judith
Hammerschmidt, Director 

Judith
Hammerschmidt was appointed as one of our directors effective December 20, 2019. Ms. Hammerschmidt has spent the last 37 years as an
international attorney. She began her career as a Special Assistant to two Attorneys General of the United States, focusing on
international matters of interest to the U.S. government, including negotiating treaties and agreements with foreign governments.
She then joined Dickstein, Shapiro Morin, LLP, a Washington, D.C. firm, where she represented companies around the world as
they expanded internationally in highly regulated environments. Her clients included Guess? Inc., Pfizer Inc., Merck Co.,
Inc., the Receiver for Bank of Credit and Commerce International of the United Arab Emirates, Recycled Paper Products, Inc., and
Herbalife Nutrition Ltd. Herbalife ). She provided structuring, growth, and regulatory advice for these and other
companies. She joined Herbalife as Vice President and General Counsel of Europe in 1994, becoming Executive Vice President and
International Chief Counsel in 1996. In 2002, she was part of the management group that sold Herbalife. Since that time, she has
served as outside counsel to a series of entrepreneurial companies looking to expand internationally, primarily in the food and
drug/nutritional supplements space. In addition, Ms. Hammerschmidt was a Principal in JBT, LLC, a privately held company that owned
 mindful dining restaurants in the Washington, D.C. area. Those properties were sold in 2010. She expects to continue
to act as outside counsel for small companies while serving on our board of directors. Ms. Hammerschmidt received her AB in Political Science and Public Policy from Duke University, and J.D. from the
University of Pittsburgh School of Law. 

We
believe that Ms. Hammerschmidt s legal experience, her client relationships, and her more than 30 years of experience in the direct
sales industry, will provide a benefit to us, our stockholders, and our board of directors. 

41 

Edmund
C. Moy, Director 

Edmund
C. Moy was appointed as one of our directors effective October 21, 2022. From 2001 through 2006, Mr. Moy served as special assistant
to the President of the United States at The White House, after which he was appointed as director of the United States Mint at the U.S.
Department of the Treasury, a position he held until 2011. Mr. Moy began his career as a sales and marketing executive with Blue Cross
Blue Shield United of Wisconsin, was appointed head of the regulatory agency Office of Prepaid Health Care, and was then selected to
head the Office of Managed Care at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Thereafter, he became an exclusive advisor to private
equity firm Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe. Mr. Moy currently serves as a director and member of the audit committee of MetaWorks
Platforms, Inc. (formerly Currency Works, Inc.), audit committee of Parsec Capital Acquisitions Corp. (PCXCU:NASDAQ), and as an advisory
board member of Draganfly Inc. (DPRO:NASDAQ). He also advises and consults with several privately held companies, is an exclusive provider
of autographs to Numismatic Guaranty Corp., and serves on the Board of Regents for Trinity International University. His prior board
service includes privately held Emerald Health Network and L L Energy, Inc. (LLEN:NASDAQ). He earned his Bachelor of Arts in Economics,
International Relations, and Political Science in 1979 from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 

We
believe that Mr. Moy is qualified to serve on our Board because he has extensive and unique leadership experience in Washington D.C.,
where he is recognized for his leadership roles in the Executive Branch of the government of the United States, as well as the experience
gained from serving on the boards of several public companies. 

Family
Relationships 

To
our management s knowledge, there are neither any family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers nor have
any of our directors been involved in a legal proceeding that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K of the Exchange Act. 

Corporate
Governance 

Agreements
with Directors 

None
of our directors or director nominees were selected pursuant to any arrangement or understanding, other than with our directors acting
within their capacity as such. 

Meetings
of the Board and its Committees 

Our
Board has a standing Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Governance and Nominating Committee, and a Risk and Disclosure Committee.
Our Board met 9 times, including telephonic meetings, during fiscal year 2022. All six directors attended 100 of the Board meetings.
Messrs. Geiskopf, Bond, and Cragun and Mses. Hammerschmidt attended 100 of the meetings held by committees of the Board on which they
served. Mses. Heinen did not seek re-election to the board and her term ended on October 21, 2022. Mr. Moy was elected to the Board on
October 21, 2022. All board members attended all of the meetings, this includes Mses. Heinen and Mr. Moy for the meetings when they were
active members. 

It
is our policy that all of our directors are required to make a concerted and conscientious effort to attend our annual meeting of stockholders
in each year during which that director serves as a member of our Board. At the date of our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, we had
five members on our Board and one director nominee, all of whom attended the meeting. 

42 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

On
June 10, 2021, our Board amended and restated the Audit Committee charter that governs the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee charter
requires that each member of the Audit Committee meet the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC and requires the Audit Committee
to have at least one member that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. Currently, Messrs. Geiskopf, Bond, and
Cragun (Chairman) serve on the Audit Committee and each meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC. Mr. Cragun qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert. In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Audit Committee in the Audit
Committee charter, the primary function of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its general oversight of our accounting and
financial reporting processes, audits of our financial statements, and internal control and audit functions. The Audit Committee charter
can be found online at https://www.verb.tech/investor-relations/governance/audit. 

Compensation
Committee 

On
August 14, 2018, our Board approved and adopted a charter to govern the Compensation Committee, which was amended and restated on June
10, 2021. Currently, Messrs. Geiskopf (Chairman), Bond, Cragun, and Moy and Mses. Hammerschmidt serve as members of the Compensation
Committee and each meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC, qualifies as a non-employee director within
the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, and qualifies as an outside director within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Compensation Committee in the Compensation Committee
charter, the primary function of the Compensation Committee is to oversee the compensation of our executives, produce an annual report
on executive compensation for inclusion in our proxy statement, if and when required by applicable laws or regulations, and advise our
Board on the adoption of policies that govern our compensation programs. The Compensation Committee has the authority to form and delegate
any of its responsibilities, along with the authority to take action in relation to such responsibilities, to one or more subcommittees
or to one or more designated members of the Compensation Committee, as the Compensation Committee may deem appropriate in its sole discretion.
For the development of our compensation program, the Compensation Committee retained Compensation Advisory Partners LLC, or CAP, during
the year ended December 31, 2020. CAP provided the Committee with advisory services only with respect to executive and Board compensation.
CAP reviewed the compensation paid to our executive officers and Board and compared our compensation with certain companies CAP identified
as peer companies. The Committee s recommendation and the Board s approval of the 2021 compensation program was based on
various factors, including, among others, recommendations made by CAP. The Compensation Committee charter may be found online at https://www.verb.tech/investor-relations/governance/compensation-committee. 

Governance
and Nominating Committee 

On
August 14, 2018, our Board approved and adopted a charter to govern the Governance and Nominating Committee, which was amended and restated
on June 10, 2021. Currently, Messrs. Geiskopf, Bond (Chairman), Cragun, and Moy and Mses. Hammerschmidt serve as members of the Governance
and Nominating Committee and each meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC. The Governance and Nominating Committee
charter requires that each member of the Governance and Nominating Committee meet the independence requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC.
In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Governance and Nominating Committee in the Governance and Nominating Committee
charter, the primary function of the Governance and Nominating Committee is to determine the slate of director nominees for election
to the Board, to identify and recommend candidates to fill vacancies occurring between annual stockholder meetings, to review our policies
and programs that relate to matters of corporate responsibility, including public issues of significance to us and our stockholders,
and any other related matters required by federal securities laws. The charter of the Governance and Nominating Committee may be found
online at https://www.verb.tech/investor-relations/governance/governance-and-nominating-committee. 

Risk
and Disclosure Committee 

On
June 10, 2021, our Board approved and adopted a charter to govern the Risk and Disclosure Committee. Currently, Messrs. Geiskopf, Bond,
Cragun (Chairman), and Moy serve as members of the Risk and Disclosure Committee and each meets the independence requirements of Nasdaq
and the SEC. The Risk and Disclosure Committee charter requires that each member of the Risk and Disclosure Committee meet the independence
requirements of Nasdaq and the SEC. In addition to the enumerated responsibilities of the Risk and Disclosure Committee in the Risk and
Disclosure Committee charter, the primary function of the Risk and Disclosure Committee is to assist our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer in fulfilling their responsibility for oversight of the accuracy and timeliness of the disclosures made by us.
The charter of the Risk and Disclosure Committee may be found online at https://www.verb.tech/investor-relations/governance/risk-and-disclosure. 

43 

Nominations
Process and Criteria 

As
of April 12, 2023, we had not effected any material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our
Board. Our Board does not have a formal policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our stockholders.
Our Board has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our requirements, as well as the qualifications of each candidate
when it considers a nominee for a position on our Board. Accordingly, we do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the
election of nominees to our Board and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. Our Board assesses
all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment. 

In
recommending director nominees for appointment to our board of directors, our nominating and corporate governance committee also actively
considers diversity characteristics, including diversity of professional experience, race, ethnicity, gender, age, education, cultural
background and personal background. However, we have not adopted a formal policy regarding the consideration of specific diversity characteristic,
and instead prefer to rely on the judgment of our highly qualified committee in recommending candidates with the most appropriate mix
of experiences, skills and expertise. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board is currently composed of six members. We have determined that the following five directors qualify as independent: James P. Geiskopf,
Phillip J. Bond, Kenneth S. Cragun, Judith Hammerschmidt, and Edmund C Moy. We determined that Mr. Cutaia, our Chairman of the Board,
President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, is not independent. We evaluated independence in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq
and the SEC. Messrs. Geiskopf, Bond and Cragun also serve on our Audit, Compensation, Governance and Nominating, and Risk and Disclosure
Committees. Ms. Hammerschmidt serves on our Compensation, and Governance and Nominating Committees. Mr. Moy serves on our Compensation,
Governance and Nominating, and Risk and Disclosure Committees. 

Stockholder
Communications with the Board 

Stockholders
and other parties interested in communicating directly with our Board, a committee thereof, or any individual director, may do so by
sending a written communication to the attention of the intended recipient(s) in care of the Corporate Secretary, Verb Technology Company,
Inc., 3401 N. Thanksgiving Way, Suite 240, Lehi, Utah 84043. The Corporate Secretary will forward all appropriate communications to the
Chairman of our Audit Committee. 

Investment
in Human Capital 

We
believe our people are at the heart of our success and our customers success. We endeavor to not only attract and retain talented
employees, but also to provide a challenging and rewarding environment to motivate and develop our valuable human capital. We look to
our talented employees to lead and foster various initiatives that support our company culture including those related to diversity,
equity and inclusion. In addition, we rely heavily on our talented team to execute our growth plans and achieve our long-term strategic
objectives. 

Orientation
and Continuing Education 

We
have an informal process to orient and educate new directors to the Board regarding their role on the Board, our committees and our directors,
as well as the nature and operations of our business. This process provides for an orientation with key members of the management staff,
and further provides access to materials necessary to inform them of the information required to carry out their responsibilities as
a Board member. This information includes the most recent board approved budget, the most recent annual report, copies of the audited
financial statements and copies of the interim quarterly financial statements. 

The
Board does not provide continuing education for our directors. Each director is responsible to maintain the skills and knowledge necessary
to meet his or her obligations as a director. 

44 

Assessments 

The
board intends that individual director assessments be conducted by other directors, taking into account each director s contributions
at board meetings, service on committees, experience base, and their general ability to contribute to one or more of our major needs.
We conducted our first director assessment in December 2021 and intend to conduct such assessments on an annual basis. An assessment
was conducted in December 2022. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

No
interlocking relationship exists between our board of directors and the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company,
nor has any interlocking relationship existed in the past. 

Code
of Ethics 

In
2014, our Board approved and adopted a code of ethics and business conduct for directors, senior officers, and employees, or code of
ethics, that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer. The code of ethics addresses such individuals conduct with respect to, among other things, conflicts of interests; compliance
with applicable laws, rules, and regulations; full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure by us; competition and fair
dealing; corporate opportunities; confidentiality; protection and proper use of our assets; and reporting suspected illegal or unethical
behavior. The code of ethics is available on our website at https://www.verb.tech/investor-relations/governance/code-of-ethics. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Board
Leadership Structure 

We
currently combine the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer into one position. We believe that this structure is appropriate
at this time and is a leadership model that has served our stockholders well since our inception. We believe that this combined model
has certain advantages over other leadership structures. This combined role allows Mr. Cutaia to drive execution of our strategic plans
and facilitates effective communication between management and our Board to bring key issues to its attention, and to see that our Board s
guidance and decisions are implemented effectively by management. Further, our Board has designated Mr. Geiskopf as its Lead Director.
Our Board believes that Mr. Geiskopf s strong leadership and qualifications, including his prior experience as a chief executive
officer and chief financial officer and his tenure on our Board, among other factors, contribute to his ability to fulfill the role of
Lead Director effectively. 

Role
of the Board in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board is responsible for the oversight of our operational risk management process. Our Board has delegated authority for addressing certain
risks, and accessing the steps management has taken to monitor, control, and report such risks to our Audit Committee. Such risks include
risks relating to execution of our growth strategy, the effects of the economy and general financial condition and outlook, our ability
to expand our client base, communication with investors, certain actions of our competitors, the protection of our intellectual property,
sufficiency of our capital, security of information systems and data, integration of new information systems, credit risk, product liability,
and costs of reliance on external advisors. Our Audit Committee then reports such risks as appropriate to our Board, which then initiates
discussions with appropriate members of our senior management if, after discussion of such risks, our Board determines that such risks
raise questions or concerns about the status of operational risks then facing us. 

Our
Board relies on our Compensation Committee to address significant risk exposures that we may face with respect to compensation, including
risks relating to retention of key employees, protection of partner relationships, management succession, and benefit costs, and, when
appropriate, reports these risks to the full Board. 

45 

Change-of-Control
Arrangements 

We
do not know of any arrangements, which may, at a subsequent date, result in a change-of-control. 

Other
Board Committees 

Other
than our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Governance and Nominating Committee, and Risk and Disclosure Committee, we have no
committees of our board of directors. We do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for our stockholders to submit recommendations
or nominations for directors. 

Board
Diversity Matrix 

In
accordance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, the following table reflects our Board diversity matrix as of April 12, 2023: 

Total
 Number of Directors 
 
 6 

Female 
 
 Male 
 
 Non- 
 Binary 
 
 Did
 Not Disclose Gender 

Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 1 
 
 5 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Part
 II: Demographic Background 

African
 American or Black 
 
 - 
 
 -

- 
 
 - 
 
 Alaskan
 Native or Native American 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Asian 
 
 - 
 
 1 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Hispanic
 or Latinx 
 
 - 
 
 -

- 
 
 - 
 
 Native
 Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 White 
 
 1 
 
 4 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Two
 or More Races or Ethnicities 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 -

Did
 Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 -

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except
as set forth below, during the last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers have been involved in any of the
following events: 

1. 
 any
 bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any
 conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

3. 
 being
 subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

46 

5. 
 being
 subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
 suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law
 or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or
 fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being
 subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
 any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

On
June 23, 2015, Local Corporation, a Delaware corporation, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the US Bankruptcy
Code. Mr. Cragun, a Director of the Company, was chief financial officer of Local Corporation at the time of filing. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
table and discussion below present compensation information for our executive officers as of December 31, 2022, which we refer to as
our named executive officers (in thousands): 

Rory
 J. Cutaia, our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary; and 

Salman
 H. Khan, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards (1) ) 
 Option
 Awards (2) ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Rory J. Cutaia (3) 
 2022 
 480
 (4) 
 - (5) 
 563 (6) 
 15 (7) 
 - 
 1,058 (10) 

2021 
 490 
 350 (8) 
 537 (9) 
 - 
 - 
 1,377
 (10) 

Salman H. Khan (11) 
 2022 
 245
 (4) 
 31 (12) 
 342 (13) 
 27 (14) 
 - 
 645 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Jeffrey
 R. Clayborne (15) 
 2022 
 25 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 186 (16) 
 211 (18) 

2021 
 250 
 - 
 322 (17) 
 - 
 - 
 572 (18) 

(1) 
 For
 valuation purposes, the dollar amount shown is calculated based on the market price of our common stock on the grant dates. The number
 of shares granted, the grant date, and the market price of such shares for each named executive officer is set forth below. 

(2) 
 For
 valuation assumptions on stock option awards, refer to Note 2 of our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 of this Annual Report. The disclosed amounts reflect the fair value of the stock option awards that were granted
 during fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting
 Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 718. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Cutaia was appointed as Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer on October 16, 2014. 

(4) 
 On
 November 17, 2022, certain executive officers and directors agreed to accept a 25 reduction in cash compensation over a four-month
 period commencing December 1, 2022 in exchange for equity award grants. 

(5) 
 Due to the Company s cost savings plan, Mr. Cutaia was not paid his annual incentive target bonus of 490 for
2022. 

(6) 
 Represents
 an annual incentive bonus of 404,432 restricted stock units with a fair market value of 1.19 per share. Represents 371,208 restricted
 stock units with a fair market value of 0.22 per share associated with the 25 reduction in cash compensation. 

(7) 
 Represents the return of 117,924 vested restricted stock units with a fair
market value of 0.165 per share that were replaced by a grant of 235,848 stock options with an exercise price of 0.22 per share and
a fair market value of 34. 

(8) 
 Represents
 an annual incentive bonus of 350. 

(9) 
 Represents
 an annual incentive bonus of 317,682 restricted stock units. 

(10) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Cutaia had accrued but unpaid compensation equal to 764 and 1,031, respectively. 

47 

(11) 
 Mr.
 Khan was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on March 30, 2022. In connection
 with this appointment as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, the Company has agreed to provide Mr. Khan the following compensation:
 (1) annual base salary of 250,000 and (2) 300,601 restricted shares of the Company s common stock granted, 75,150 of which
 shall vest on March 30, 2023, 75,150 of which shall vest on March 30, 2024, 75,150 of which shall vest on March 30, 2025, and 75,151
 of which shall vest on March 30, 2026. Mr. Khan will also be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus of up to 50 of his
 base salary. 

(12) 
 Due to the Company s cost savings plan, Mr. Khan was not paid his annual incentive target bonus of 125 for
2022. A one-time incentive bonus of 31 was paid in 27,212 shares of common stock with a fair
 market value of 1.13 per share. 

(13) 
 Represents
 an annual incentive bonus of 300,601 restricted stock units with a fair market value of 0.998 per share. Represents 189,390 restricted
 stock units with a fair market value of 0.22 per share associated with the 25 reduction in cash compensation. 

(14) 
 Represents
 a grant of 100,000 stock options. 

(15) 
 Mr. Clayborne resigned as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective
January 20, 2022. 

(16) 
 Represents a severance payment of 60 paid in 48,532
 shares of common stock with a fair market value of 1.24 per share and 126 as part of a consulting agreement to be paid over a
 twelve (12) month period. 

(17) 
 Represents the grant of an aggregate of 190,609 restricted stock units. 

(18) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Clayborne had
 accrued but unpaid compensation equal to 28 and 77, respectively. On February 14, 2022, Mr. Clayborne executed a separation agreement which
 settled all accrued and unpaid compensation as of January 20, 2022. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

The
following is a discussion of the material information that we believe is necessary to understand the information disclosed in the foregoing
Summary Compensation Table. 

Rory
J. Cutaia 

On
December 20, 2019, we entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Cutaia. The employment agreement is for a four-year term
and can be extended for additional one-year periods. In addition to certain payments due to Mr. Cutaia upon termination of employment,
the employment agreement contains customary non-competition, non-solicitation, and confidentiality provisions. Mr. Cutaia is entitled
to an annual base salary of 430, which shall not be subject to reduction during the initial term, but will be subject to annual reviews
and increases, if and as approved in the sole discretion of our board of directors, after it has received and reviewed advice from the
Compensation Committee (who may or may not utilize the services of its outside compensation consultants, as it shall determine under
the circumstances). In addition, Mr. Cutaia is eligible to receive performance-based cash and/or stock bonuses upon attainment of performance
targets established by our board of directors in its sole discretion, after it has received and reviewed advice from the Compensation
Committee (who may or may not utilize the services of its outside compensation consultants, as it shall determine under the circumstances).
We must make annual equity grants to Mr. Cutaia as determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion, after it has received
and reviewed advice from the Compensation Committee (who may or may not utilize the services of its outside compensation consultants,
as it shall determine under the circumstances). Finally, Mr. Cutaia is eligible for certain other benefits, such as health, vision, and
dental insurance, life insurance, and 401(k) matching. 

Mr.
Cutaia earned total cash compensation for his services to us in the amount of 480 and 490 for the fiscal years ending December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The lower amount in fiscal 2022 includes a 25 reduction in the cash compensation component over a four-month
period starting December 1, 2022. 

On
January 20, 2022, we granted Mr. Cutaia a restricted stock unit totaling 481 payable in 404,432 shares of our common stock. The restricted
stock unit is subject to a four-year vesting period, with 25 of the award vesting on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries
from the grant date. The price per share as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 1.19 and was used to calculate
fair market value. 

48 

On
November 17, 2022, we granted Mr. Cutaia a restricted stock unit totaling 82 payable in 371,208 shares of our common stock. The restricted
stock unit is subject to a four-month vesting period beginning December 1, 2022, with 25 of the award vesting on the last day of each
month beginning December 31, 2022. The price per share as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 0.22 and
was used to calculate fair market value. 

On
November 17, 2022, Mr. Cutaia returned 117,924 shares that had been issued to him during the year. In exchange for those shares, we granted
Mr. Cutaia 235,848 stock options with an exercise price of 0.22 per share. The shares vested on grant. 

In
fiscal 2021, Mr. Cutaia earned an annual incentive bonus totaling 350. 

On
January 4, 2021, we granted Mr. Cutaia a restricted stock unit totaling 537 payable in 317,682 shares of our common stock. The restricted
stock unit is subject to a four-year vesting period, with 25 of the award vesting on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries
from the grant date. The price per share as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 1.69 and was used to calculate
fair market value. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Cutaia had accrued but unpaid compensation equal to 764 and 1,031, respectively. 

Salman
H. Khan 

Mr.
Khan was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on March 30, 2022. Mr. Khan earned total cash compensation for his services
to us in the amount of 245 for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. The lower amount includes a 25 reduction in the cash compensation
component over a four-month period starting December 1, 2022. 

In
fiscal 2022, Mr. Khan received a one-time incentive bonus of 31 which was paid in 27,212 shares of common stock with a fair market
value of 1.13 per share. 

On
March 30, 2022, we granted Mr. Khan a restricted stock unit totaling 300,000 payable in 300,601 shares of our common stock. The restricted
stock unit is subject to a four-year vesting period, with 25 of the award vesting on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries
from the grant date. The price per share as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 0.998 and was used to calculate
fair market value. 

On May 15, 2022, we granted Mr. Khan 100,000 stock options that vest annually
over four years. The options have an exercise price of 0.30 per share and a fair market value of 27. 

On
November 17, 2022, we granted Mr. Khan a restricted stock unit totaling 42 payable in 189,390 shares of our common stock. The restricted
stock unit is subject to a four-month vesting period beginning December 1, 2022, with 25 of the award vesting on the last day of each
month beginning December 31, 2022. The price per share as reported by The Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 0.22 and
was used to calculate fair market value. 

Jeffrey R. Clayborne 

Mr. Clayborne resigned as Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer effective January 20, 2022. 

Mr. Clayborne was paid 25 in
salary in 2022 for time worked up to his resignation and 60 as part of a severance agreement. Pursuant to a consulting agreement, Mr.
Clayborne continued as a consultant to assist with transition matters and will be paid 126 as part of that agreement. 

Mr. Clayborne earned a base salary
of 250 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

On January 4, 2021, we granted Mr. Clayborne restricted stock units valued
at 322 payable in 190,609 shares of our common stock. The restricted stock units were subject to a four-year vesting period, with 25 
of the award vesting on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. The price per share as reported by Nasdaq
on the day of issuance was 1.69 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Mr. Clayborne had accrued but unpaid compensation equal to 28 and 77, respectively. 

2019
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
November 11, 2019, our board of directors approved our 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan, or Incentive Plan, and on December 20, 2019, our
stockholders approved and adopted the Incentive Plan. The material terms of the Incentive Plan are summarized below. 

On
September 2, 2020, our board of directors approved an additional 8,000,000 shares of our common stock to be authorized for awards granted
under the Incentive Plan, and on October 16, 2020, our stockholders approved the additional 8,000,000 shares of our common stock to be
authorized for awards granted under the Incentive Plan. 

On
February 17, 2023, our board of directors approved an additional 15,000,000 shares of common stock to be authorized under the Incentive Plan, and on April 10, 2023,
our stockholders approved the additional 15,000,000 shares of our common stock to be authorized for awards granted under the Incentive
Plan. 

General 

The
purpose of the Incentive Plan is to enhance stockholder value by linking the compensation of our officers, directors, key employees,
and consultants to increases in the price of our common stock and the achievement of other performance objections and to encourage ownership
in our company by key personnel whose long-term employment is considered essential to our continued progress and success. The Incentive
Plan is also intended to assist us in recruiting new employees and to motivate, retain, and encourage such employees and directors to
act in our stockholders interest and share in our success. 

49 

Term 

The
Incentive Plan became effective upon approval by our stockholders and will continue in effect from that date until it is terminated in
accordance with its terms. 

Administration 

The
Incentive Plan may be administered by our board of directors, a committee designated by it, and/or their respective delegates. Currently,
our Compensation Committee administers the Incentive Plan. The administrator has the power to determine the directors, employees, and
consultants who may participate in the Incentive Plan and the amounts and other terms and conditions of awards to be granted under the
Incentive Plan. All questions of interpretation and administration with respect to the Incentive Plan will be determined by the administrator.
The administrator also will have the complete authority to adopt, amend, rescind, and enforce rules and regulations pertaining to the
administration of the Incentive Plan; to correct administrative errors; to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable
for administering the Incentive Plan and any award granted under the Incentive Plan; and to authorize any person to execute, on behalf
of us, all agreements and documents previously approved by the administrator, among other items. 

Eligibility 

Any
of our directors, employees, or consultants, or any directors, employees, or consultants of any of our affiliates (except that with respect
to incentive stock options, only employees of us or any of our subsidiaries are eligible), are eligible to participate in the Incentive
Plan. 

Available
Shares 

Subject
to the adjustment provisions included in the Incentive Plan, a total of 16,000,000 shares of our common stock are authorized for
awards granted under the Incentive Plan. On February 17, 2023, our board of directors approved an additional 15,000,000 shares of common stock to be authorized under the Incentive Plan, and on April 10, 2023,
our stockholders approved the additional 15,000,000 shares of our common stock to be authorized for awards granted under the Incentive
Plan. Shares subject to awards that have been canceled, expired, settled in cash, or not issued or forfeited
for any reason (in whole or in part), will not reduce the aggregate number of shares that may be subject to or delivered under
awards granted under the Incentive Plan and will be available for future awards granted under the Incentive Plan. 

Types
of Awards 

We
may grant the following types of awards under the Incentive Plan: stock awards; options; stock appreciation rights; stock units; or other
stock-based awards. 

Stock
Awards . The Incentive Plan authorizes the grant of stock awards to eligible participants. The administrator determines (i) the number
of shares subject to the stock award or a formula for determining such number, (ii) the purchase price of the shares, if any, (iii) the
means of payment for the shares, (iv) the performance criteria, if any, and the level of achievement versus these criteria, (v) the grant,
issuance, vesting, and/or forfeiture of the shares, (vi) restrictions on transferability, and such other terms and conditions determined
by the administrator. 

Options .
The Incentive Plan authorizes the grant of non-qualified and/or incentive options to eligible participants, which options give the participant
the right, after satisfaction of any vesting conditions and prior to the expiration or termination of the option, to purchase shares
of our common stock at a fixed price. The administrator determines the exercise price for each share subject to an option granted under
the Incentive Plan, which exercise price cannot be less than the fair market value (as defined in the Incentive Plan) of our common stock
on the grant date. The administrator also determines the number of shares subject to each option, the time or times when each option
becomes exercisable, and the term of each option (which cannot exceed ten (10) years from the grant date). 

50 

Stock
Appreciation Rights . The Incentive Plan authorizes the grant of stock appreciation rights to eligible participants, which stock appreciation
rights give the participant the right, after satisfaction of any vesting conditions and prior to the expiration or termination of the
stock appreciation right, to receive in cash or shares of our common stock the excess of the fair market value (as defined in the Incentive
Plan) of our common stock on the date of exercise over the exercise price of the stock appreciation right. All stock appreciation rights
under the Incentive Plan shall be granted subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to options granted under the Incentive
Plan. Stock appreciation rights may be granted to awardees either alone or in addition to or in tandem with other awards granted under
the Incentive Plan and may, but need not, relate to a specific option granted under the Incentive Plan. 

Stock
Unit Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards . In addition to the award types described above, the administrator may grant any other type
of award payable by delivery of our common stock in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as the administrator determines
in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan. Such awards may be made in addition to or in conjunction with other
awards under the Incentive Plan. Such awards may include unrestricted shares of our common stock, which may be awarded, without limitation
(except as provided in the Incentive Plan), as a bonus, in payment of director fees, in lieu of cash compensation, in exchange for cancellation
of a compensation right, or upon the attainment of performance goals or otherwise, or rights to acquire shares of our common stock from
us. 

Award
Limits 

Subject
to the terms of the Incentive Plan, the aggregate number of shares that may be subject to all incentive stock options granted under the
Incentive Plan cannot exceed the total aggregate number of shares that may be subject to or delivered under awards under the Incentive
Plan. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Incentive Plan to the contrary, the aggregate grant date fair value (computed as specified
in the Incentive Plan) of all awards granted to any non-employee director during any single calendar year shall not exceed 300,000 shares
during 2019 and, thereafter, 200,000 shares. 

New
Plan Benefits 

The
amount of future grants under the Incentive Plan is not determinable, as awards under the Incentive Plan will be granted at the sole
discretion of the administrator. We cannot determine at this time either the persons who will receive awards under the Incentive Plan
or the amount or types of any such awards. 

Transferability 

Unless
determined otherwise by the administrator, an award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in
any manner other than by beneficiary designation, will, or by the laws of descent or distribution, including but not limited to any attempted
assignment or transfer in connection with the settlement of marital property or other rights incident to a divorce or dissolution, and
any such attempted sale, assignment, or transfer shall be of no effect prior to the date an award is vested and settled. 

Termination
of Employment or Board Membership 

At
the grant date, the administrator is authorized to determine the effect a termination from membership on the board of directors by a
non-employee director for any reason or a termination of employment (as defined in the Incentive Plan) due to disability (as defined
in the Incentive Plan), retirement (as defined in the Incentive Plan), death, or otherwise (including termination for cause (as defined
in the Incentive Plan)) will have on any award. Unless otherwise provided in the award agreement: 

Upon
 termination from membership on our board of directors by a non-employee director for any reason other than disability or death, any
 option or stock appreciation right held by such director that (i) has not vested and is not exercisable as of the termination effective
 date will be subject to immediate cancellation and forfeiture or (ii) is vested and exercisable as of the termination effective date
 shall remain exercisable for one year thereafter, or the remaining term of the option or stock appreciation right, if less. Any unvested
 stock award, stock unit award, or other stock-based award held by a non-employee director at the time of termination from membership
 on our board of directors for a reason other than disability or death will immediately be cancelled and forfeited. 

51 

Upon
 termination from membership on our board of directors by a non-employee director due to disability or death will result in full vesting
 of any outstanding option or stock appreciation rights and vesting of a prorated portion of any stock award, stock unit award, or
 other stock-based award based upon the full months of the applicable performance period, vesting period, or other period of restriction
 elapsed as of the end of the month in which the termination from membership on our board of directors by a non-employee director
 due to disability or death occurs over the total number of months in such period. Any option or stock appreciation right that vests
 upon disability or death will remain exercisable for one year thereafter, or the remaining term of the option or stock appreciation
 right, if less. In the case of any stock award, stock unit award, or other stock-based award that vests on the basis of attainment
 of performance criteria (as defined in the Incentive Plan), the pro rata vested amount will be based upon the target award. 

Upon
 termination of employment due to disability or death, any option or stock appreciation right held by an employee will, if not already
 fully vested, become fully vested and exercisable as of the effective date of such termination of employment due to disability or
 death, or, in either case, the remaining term of the option or stock appreciation right, if less. Termination of employment due to
 disability or death shall result in vesting of a prorated portion of any stock award, stock unit award, or other stock-based award
 based upon the full months of the applicable performance period, vesting period, or other period of restriction elapsed as of the
 end of the month in which the termination of employment due to disability or death occurs over the total number of months in such
 period. In the case of any stock award, stock unit award, or other stock-based award that vests on the basis of attainment of performance
 criteria, the pro-rata vested amount will be based upon the target award. 

Any
 option or stock appreciation right held by an awardee at retirement that occurs at least one year after the grant date of the option
 or stock appreciation right will remain outstanding for the remaining term of the option or stock appreciation right and continue
 to vest; any stock award, stock unit award, or other stock based award held by an awardee at retirement that occurs at least one
 year after the grant date of the award shall also continue to vest and remain outstanding for the remainder of the term of the award. 

Any
 other termination of employment shall result in immediate cancellation and forfeiture of all outstanding awards that have not vested
 as of the effective date of such termination of employment, and any vested and exercisable options and stock appreciation rights
 held at the time of such termination of such termination of employment shall remain exercisable for 90 days thereafter or the remaining
 term of the option or stock appreciation right, if less. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all outstanding and unexercised options and
 stock appreciation rights will be immediately cancelled in the event of a termination of employment for cause. 

Change
of Control 

In
the event of a change of control (as defined in the Incentive Plan), unless other determined by the administrator as of the grant date
of a particular award, the following acceleration, exercisability, and valuation provisions apply: 

On
 the date that a change of control occurs, all options and stock appreciation rights awarded under the Incentive Plan not previously
 exercisable and vested will, if not assumed, or substituted with a new award, by the successor to us, become fully exercisable and
 vested, and if the successor to us assumes such options or stock appreciation rights or substitutes other awards for such awards,
 such awards (or their substitutes) shall become fully exercisable and vested if the participant s employment is terminated
 (other than a termination for cause) within two years following the change of control. 

52 

Except
 as may be provided in an individual severance or employment agreement (or severance plan) to which an awardee is a party, in the
 event of an awardee s termination of employment within two years after a change of control for any reason other than because
 of the awardee s death, retirement, disability, or termination for cause, each option and stock appreciation right held by
 the awardee (or a transferee) that is vested following such termination of employment will remain exercisable until the earlier of
 the third anniversary of such termination of employment (or any later date until which it would have remained exercisable under such
 circumstances by its terms) or the expiration of its original term. In the event of an awardee s termination of employment
 more than two years after a change of control, or within two years after a change of control because of the awardee s death,
 retirement, disability, or termination for cause, the regular provisions of the Incentive Plan regarding employment termination (described
 above) will govern (as applicable). 

On
 the date that a change of control occurs, the restrictions and conditions applicable to any or all stock awards, stock unit awards,
 and other stock-based awards that are not assumed, or substituted with a new award, by the successor to us will lapse and such awards
 will become fully vested. Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement at the grant date, upon the occurrence of a change of control
 without assumption or substitution of the awards by the successor, any performance-based award will be deemed fully earned at the
 target amount as of the date on which the change of control occurs. All stock awards, stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards
 shall be settled or paid within 30 days of vesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the change of control would not qualify as
 a permissible date of distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, and the regulations thereunder, the
 awardee shall be entitled to receive the award from us on the date that would have applied, absent this provision. If the successor
 to us does assume (or substitute with a new award) any stock awards, stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards, all such awards
 shall become fully vested if the participant s employment is terminated (other than a termination for cause) within two years
 following the change of control, and any performance based award will be deemed fully earned at the target amount effective as of
 the termination of employment. 

The
 administrator, in its discretion, may determine that, upon the occurrence of a change of control of us, each option and stock appreciation
 right outstanding will terminate within a specified number of days after notice to the participant, and/or that each participant
 receives, with respect to each share subject to such option or stock appreciation right, an amount equal to the excess of the fair
 market value of such share immediately prior to the occurrence of such change of control over the exercise price per share of such
 option and/or stock appreciation right; such amount to be payable in cash, in one or more kinds of stock or property (including the
 stock or property, if any, payable in the transaction), or in a combination thereof, as the administrator, in its discretion, determines
 and, if there is no excess value, the administrator may, in its discretion, cancel such awards. 

An
 option, stock appreciation right, stock award, stock unit award, or other stock-based award will be considered assumed or substituted
 for if, following the change of control, the award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each share subject to the option,
 stock appreciation right, stock award, stock unit award, or other stock-based award immediately prior to the change of control, the
 consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the transaction constituting a change of control
 by holders of shares for each share held on the effective date of such transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration,
 the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares); provided, however, that, if such consideration
 received in the transaction constituting a change of control is not solely shares of common stock of the successor company, the administrator
 may, with the consent of the successor company, provide that the consideration to be received upon the exercise or vesting of an
 option, stock appreciation right, stock award, stock unit award, or other stock-based award, for each share subject thereto, will
 be solely shares of common stock of the successor company with a fair market value substantially equal to the per-share consideration
 received by holders of shares in the transaction constituting a change of control. The determination of whether fair market value
 is substantially equal shall be made by the administrator in its sole discretion and its determination will be conclusive and binding. 

53 

Tax
and Accounting Considerations 

Among
the factors it considers when making executive compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee considers the anticipated tax and accounting
impact to us (and to our executive officers) of various payments, equity awards and other benefits. 

The
Compensation Committee considers the impact of the provisions of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code, as amended
by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJA. That section generally limits the deductibility of compensation paid by a publicly held company
to covered employees for a taxable year to 1.0 million. Effective for taxable years beginning on and after January 1,
2018, covered employees generally include our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other highly compensated
executive officers. Effective for taxable years beginning prior to January 1, 2018, an exception to this deduction limit applied to performance-based
compensation, such as cash incentive and stock option awards, that satisfied certain criteria. This exception to the Section 162(m)
deduction limit for performance-based compensation was repealed by the TCJA. Thus, except for certain performance-based
compensation payable pursuant to written contracts that were in effect on November 2, 2017 and that are not modified in any material
respect on or after that date, effective for taxable years beginning on and after January 1, 2018 our tax deduction with regard to compensation
of covered employees is limited to 1.0 million per taxable year with respect to each executive officer. With respect to
cash and equity awards that were in effect on November 2, 2017, and that are not modified in any material respect on or after that date,
the Committee is mindful of the benefit to us and our stockholders of the full deductibility of compensation and have taken steps so
that both the cash incentive and stock option awards that we granted may qualify for deductibility under Section 162(m) of the Code.
However, awards that we granted that were intended to qualify as performance-based compensation may not necessarily qualify
for such status under Section 162(m) of the Code. With respect to cash incentive and equity awards that we may grant in the future, we
do not anticipate that the 1.0 million deduction limitation set forth in Section 162(m) of the Code will have a material impact on our
results of operations. 

The
Compensation Committee also considers the impact of Section 409A of the Code, and in general, our executive plans and programs are designed
to comply with the requirements of that section so as to avoid possible adverse tax consequences that may result from noncompliance. 

We
account for equity awards in accordance with the requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification,
or FASB ASC, Topic 718, Stock Compensation. 

Our
change-of-control and severance Agreements do not allow for excise tax gross up payments. 

Amendment
and Termination 

The
administrator may amend, alter, or discontinue the Incentive Plan or any award agreement, but any such amendment is subject to the approval
of our stockholders in the manner and to the extent required by applicable law. In addition, without limiting the foregoing, unless approved
by our stockholders and subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan, no such amendment shall be made that would (i) increase the maximum
aggregate number of shares that may be subject to awards granted under the Incentive Plan, (ii) reduce the minimum exercise price for
options or stock appreciation rights granted under the Incentive Plan, or (iii) reduce the exercise price of outstanding options or stock
appreciation rights, as prohibited by the terms of the Incentive Plan without stockholder approval. 

No
amendment, suspension, or termination of the Incentive Plan will impair the rights of any participant with respect to an outstanding
award, unless otherwise mutually agreed between the participant and the administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed
by the participant and us, except that no such agreement will be required if the administrator determines in its sole discretion that
such amendment either (i) is required or advisable in order for us, the Incentive Plan, or the award to satisfy any applicable law or
to meet the requirements of any accounting standard or (ii) is not reasonably likely to diminish the benefits provided under such award
significantly, or that any such diminution has been adequately compensated, except that this exception shall not apply following a change
of control. Termination of the Incentive Plan will not affect the administrator s ability to exercise the powers granted to it
hereunder with respect to awards granted under the Incentive Plan prior to the date of such termination. 

54 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth, for each named executive officer, certain information concerning outstanding restricted stock awards as of
December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Number
 of securities underlying unvested restricted stock awards (#) 
 Fair
 Value ) 
 Vest
 date 
 
 Rory J. Cutaia 
 88,207 
 1.36 
 December 23,
 2023 (1) 

235,849 
 1.06 
 July 29, 2024 (1) 

238,262 
 1.69 
 January 4, 2025 (1) 

404,432 
 1.19 
 January 20, 2026 (1) 

278,406 
 0.22 
 March 31, 2023 (2) 

Salman H. Khan (3) 
 300,601 
 0.99 
 March 30, 2026 (1) 

142,043 
 0.22 
 March 31, 2023 (2) 

(1)
 
 25 
 vesting on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries from the grant date. 

(2)
 
 25 
 vesting at the end of each month starting on December 1, 2022. 

(3)
 
 Mr.
 Khan was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on March 30, 2022. 

The
following table sets forth, for each named executive officer, certain information concerning outstanding option awards as of December
31, 2022: 

Name 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options
 (exercisable) (#) 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options
 (unexercisable) (#) 
 Option Exercise price
 ) 
 Option
 expiration date 
 
 Rory J. Cutaia 
 16,667 
 - 
 4.35 
 January 8, 2024 (2) 

235,848 
 - 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (2) 

Salman H. Khan (3) 
 75,000 
 225,000 
 1.15 
 May 20, 2026 (1) 

- 
 100,000 
 0.30 
 May 15, 2026 (1) 

(1)
 
 25 
 vesting on the first, second, third, and fourth anniversaries from the grant date. 

(2)
 
 All
 shares have fully vested. 

(3)
 
 Mr.
 Khan was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on March 30, 2022. 

Resignation,
Retirement, Other Termination, or Change-of-Control Arrangements 

Other
than as disclosed below, we have no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments
to our directors or executive officers at, following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement, or other termination of our
directors or executive officers, or a change of control of our company or a change in our directors or executive officers 
responsibilities following a change of control. 

55 

Rory
J. Cutaia 

Pursuant
to Mr. Cutaia s employment agreement dated December 20, 2019, Mr. Cutaia is entitled to the following severance package in the
event he is terminated without cause, terminated for good reason, or terminated upon permanent disability :
(i) monthly payments of 35,833 or such sum equal to his monthly base compensation at the time of the termination, whichever is higher,
for a period of 36 months from the date of such termination and (ii) reimbursement for COBRA health insurance costs for 18 months from
the date of such termination and, thereafter, reimbursement for health insurance costs for Mr. Cutaia and his family during the immediately
subsequent 18-month period. In addition, all of Mr. Cutaia s then-unvested restricted stock awards or other awards will immediately
vest, without restriction, and any unearned and unpaid bonus compensation, expense reimbursement, and all accrued vacation, personal,
and sick days, and related items shall be deemed earned, vested, and paid immediately. For purposes of the employment agreement, terminated
without cause means if Mr. Cutaia were to be terminated for any reason other than a discharge for cause or due to Mr. Cutaia s
death or permanent disability. For purposes of the employment agreement, terminated for good reason means the voluntary
termination of the employment agreement by Mr. Cutaia if any of the following were to occur without his prior written consent, which
consent cannot be unreasonably withheld considering our then-current financial condition, and, in each case, which continues uncured
for 30 days following receipt by us of Mr. Cutaia s written notice: (i) there is a material reduction by us in (A) Mr. Cutaia s
annual base salary then in effect or (B) the annual target bonus, as set forth in the employment agreement, or the maximum additional
amount up to which Mr. Cutaia is eligible pursuant to the employment agreement; (ii) we reduce Mr. Cutaia s job title and position
such that Mr. Cutaia (A) is no longer our Chief Executive Officer; (B) is no longer our Chairman of the Board; or (C) is involuntarily
removed from our board of directors; or (iii) Mr. Cutaia is required to relocate to an office location outside of Orange County, California,
or outside of a 30-mile radius of Newport Beach, California. For purposes of the employment agreement, terminated upon permanent
disability means if Mr. Cutaia were to be terminated because he is then unable to perform his duties due to a physical or mental
condition for (i) a period of 120 consecutive days or (ii) an aggregate of 180 days in any 12-month period. 

Director
Compensation Table 

The
table below summarizes the compensation paid to our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Name (1) 
 Fees
 earned or paid in cash )
 
 Stock
 awards )
 
 Total ) 
 
 James P. Geiskopf 
 175 
 - (2) 
 175 

Philip J. Bond 
 72 
 - (3) 
 72 

Kenneth S. Cragun 
 72 
 - (3) 
 72 

Nancy Heinen (4) 
 56 
 - (5) 
 56 

Judith Hammerschmidt 
 72 
 - (3) 
 72 

Edmund C. Moy (6) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Rory
 J. Cutaia, our Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Secretary during the fiscal year ending December 31,
 2022, is not included in this table as he was an employee, and, thus, received no compensation for his services as a director. The
 compensation received by Mr. Cutaia as an employee is disclosed in the section entitled Executive Compensation 
 Summary Compensation Table appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

(2) 
 Represents
 a restricted stock unit totaling 101,658 shares of our common stock valued at 1.69 per share, which was the closing price reported
 on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The restricted stock unit vested on the first anniversary from the grant date. On November 17, 2022,
 101,658 shares of our common stock were returned and replaced with 203,316 stock options, which vested on grant, with an exercise
 price of 0.22 per share. 

56 

(3) 
 Represents
 a restricted stock unit totaling 50,829 shares of our common stock valued at 1.69 per share, which was the closing price reported
 on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The restricted stock unit vested on the first anniversary from the grant date. On November 17, 2022,
 50,829 shares of our common stock were returned and replaced with 101,658 stock options, which vested on grant, with an exercise
 price of 0.22 per share. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Heinan did not seek re-election to the board and her term ended on October 21, 2022. 

(5) 
 Represents a restricted stock unit totaling 50,829 shares of our common
stock valued at 1.69 per share, which was the closing price reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The restricted stock unit vested on
the first anniversary from the grant date. On November 17, 2022, 50,829 shares of our common stock were returned. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Moy was elected to serve on the board of directors on October 21, 2022. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Director Compensation Table 

The
annual board fee payable in cash and our common stock for our Lead Director and directors is 175 and 75, respectively. In addition, we
intend to provide a restricted stock unit based on recommendations from our compensation consultants. Our directors are entitled to reimbursement
for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of directors.
Our board of directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on their behalf other than services
ordinarily required of a director. 

James
P. Geiskopf 

Mr.
Geiskopf earned total cash compensation for his services to us in the amount of 175 and 175 for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Geiskopf restricted stock units totaling 154 payable in 129,418 shares of its common stock.
The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
on the day of issuance was 1.19 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

On
November 17, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Geiskopf restricted stock units totaling 29 payable in 132,572 shares of its common stock
as part of the Company s Cost Savings Plan where executive officers and directors agreed to accept a 25 reduction in cash compensation
over a four-month period. The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported
by the Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 0.22 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

On
November 17, 2022, Mr. Geiskopf returned to the Company 101,658 shares of common stock that were previously issued on January 4, 2022
as part of a restricted stock unit grant that had vested. In exchange, Mr. Geiskopf was issued 203,316 stock options with an exercise
price of 0.22 per share. The stock options vested on grant. 

On
January 4, 2021, the Company granted Mr. Geiskopf restricted stock units totaling 172 payable in 101,658 shares of our common stock.
The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
on the day of issuance was 1.69 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

Philip
J. Bond 

Mr.
Bond earned total cash compensation for his services to us in the amount of 72 and 75 for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Bond restricted stock units totaling 77 payable in 64,709 shares of its common stock. The
restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
on the day of issuance was 1.19 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

On
November 17, 2022, Mr. Bond returned to the Company 50,829 shares of common stock that were previously issued on January 4, 2022 as part
of a restricted stock unit grant that had vested. In exchange, Mr. Bond was issued 101,658 stock options with an exercise price of 0.22
per share. The stock options vested on grant. 

57 

On
January 4, 2021, the Company granted Mr. Bond restricted stock units totaling 86 payable in 50,829 shares of its common stock. The restricted
stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market on the day
of issuance was 1.69 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

Kenneth
S. Cragun 

Mr.
Cragun earned total cash compensation for his services to us in the amount of 72 and 75 for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company granted Mr. Cragun restricted stock units totaling 77 payable in 64,709 shares of its common stock. The
restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
on the day of issuance was 1.19 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

On
November 17, 2022, Mr. Cragun returned to the Company 50,829 shares of common stock that were previously issued on January 4, 2022 as
part of a restricted stock unit grant that had vested. In exchange, Mr. Cragun was issued 101,658 stock options with an exercise price
of 0.22 per share. The stock options vested on grant. 

On
January 4, 2021, the Company granted Mr. Cragun restricted stock units totaling 86 payable in 50,829 shares of its common stock. The
restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
on the day of issuance was 1.69 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

Nancy Heinen 

Ms. Heinen did not seek re-election
to the board and her term ended on October 21, 2022. Ms. Heinen earned total cash compensation for her services to us in the amount of
 56 and 75 for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On January 20, 2022, the Company
granted Ms. Heinen restricted stock units totaling 77 payable in 64,709 shares of its common stock. The restricted stock units vest on
the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 1.19
and was used to calculate fair market value. 

On November 17, 2022, Ms. Heinen
returned to the Company 50,829 shares of common stock that were previously issued on January 4, 2022 as part of a restricted stock unit
grant that had vested. 

On January 4, 2021, the Company granted Ms. Heinen restricted stock units
totaling 86 payable in 50,829 shares of its common stock. The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date.
The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market on the day of issuance was 1.69 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

Judith
Hammerschmidt 

Ms.
Hammerschmidt earned total cash compensation for her services to us in the amount of 72 and 75 for the fiscal years ending December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Company granted Ms. Hammerschmidt restricted stock units totaling 77 payable in 64,709 shares of its common stock.
The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
on the day of issuance was 1.19 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

On
November 17, 2022, Ms. Hammerschmidt returned to the Company 50,829 shares of common stock that were previously issued on January 4,
2022 as part of a restricted stock unit grant that had vested. In exchange, Ms. Hammerschmidt was issued 101,658 stock options with an
exercise price of 0.22 per share. The stock options vested on grant. 

On
January 4, 2021, the Company granted Ms. Hammerschmidt restricted stock units totaling 86 payable in 50,829 shares of its common stock.
The restricted stock units vest on the first anniversary from the grant date. The price per share as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market
on the day of issuance was 1.69 and was used to calculate fair market value. 

Edmund
C. Moy 

Mr.
Moy was elected to the board on October 21, 2022 and earned total cash compensation for his services to us in the amount of 0 for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

58 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth, for each non-employee director, certain information concerning outstanding restricted stock awards as of
December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Number of securities underlying unvested restricted stock units (#) 
 Fair Value ) 
 Vest date 
 
 James P. Geiskopf 
 129,418 (3) 
 1.19 
 January 20, 2023 (1) 

99,429 
 0.22 
 March 31, 2023 (2) 

Philip J. Bond 
 64,709 (4) 
 1.19 
 January 20, 2023 (1) 

Kenneth S. Cragun 
 64,709 (4) 
 1.19 
 January 20, 2023 (1) 

Judith Hammerschmidt 
 64,709 (4) 
 1.19 
 January 20, 2023 (1) 

(1)
 
 Fully
 vests on the first anniversary from the grant date. 

(2)
 
 25 
 vesting at the end of each month starting on December 1, 2022. 

(3) 
 On January 20, 2023, the 129,418 restricted stock units were cancelled
and replaced with a grant of 129,418 stock options. The stock options vested on grant date, have an exercise price of 0.23 per share
and expire in 10 years. 

(4) 
 On January 20, 2023, the 64,709 restricted stock units were cancelled and
replaced with a grant of 64,709 stock options. The stock options vested on grant date, have an exercise price of 0.23 per share and expire
in 10 years. 

The
following table sets forth, for each non-employee director, certain information concerning outstanding option awards as of December 31,
2022: 

Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (exercisable) (#) 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (unexercisable) (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration Date 
 
 James P. Geiskopf 
 203,316 
 - 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (1) 

Philip J. Bond 
 66,667 
 - 
 7.50 
 August 27, 2023 (1) 

101,658 
 - 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (1) 

14,205 
 42,614 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (2) 

Kenneth S. Cragun 
 66,667 
 - 
 7.50 
 August 27, 2023 (1) 

101,658 
 - 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (1) 

14,205 
 42,614 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (2) 
 
 Judith Hammerschmidt 
 101,658 
 - 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (1) 

14,205 
 42,614 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (2) 
 
 Edmund C. Moy 
 14,205 
 42,614 
 0.22 
 November 16, 2027 (2) 

(1)
 
 All
 shares have fully vested. 

(2)
 
 25 
 vesting at the end of each month starting on December 1, 2022. 

59 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth, as of April 12, 2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by
(i) each of our current directors and director nominees, (ii) each of our named executive officers, (iii) our directors, director nominees
and named executive officers as a group, and (iv) each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding
shares of our outstanding common stock. 

We have determined beneficial
ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, which generally includes voting or investment power over securities. Except in cases
where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe, based on the information furnished to
us, that each stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as
beneficially owned by the stockholder. Shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of convertible notes, exercise of options or warrants,
or settlement of restricted stock units, or that may become issuable within 60 days of April 12, 2023, are considered outstanding and
beneficially owned by the person holding the convertible notes, options, warrants or restricted stock units for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of that person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any
other person. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Verb Technology Company, Inc., 3401 N Thanksgiving
Way, Suite 240, Lehi, Utah 84043. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Title
 of Class 
 
 Amount
 and Nature 
 of 
 Beneficial
 Ownership (2) 

Percent 
 of 
 Class (3) 

Rory
 J. Cutaia 
 
 Common 

6,832,551 
 (4) 

4.4 

Series
 B Preferred 

1 

100 

James
 P. Geiskopf 
 
 Common 

1,289,497 
 (5) 

Judith
 Hammerschmidt 
 
 Common 

462,320 
 (6) 

Philip
 J. Bond 
 
 Common 

445,280 
 (7) 

Kenneth
 S. Cragun 
 
 Common 

445,280 
 (7) 

Salman
 H. Khan 
 
 Common 

454,294 
 (8) 

Edmund
 C. Moy 
 
 Common 

56,818 
 (9) 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group 
 
 Common 

9,986,040 

6.3 

Less
 than 1 . 

60 

(1) 
 Messrs.
 Cutaia, Geiskopf, Bond, Cragun, and Moy and Mses. Hammerschmidt are current directors. Messrs. Cutaia and Khan are the named executive
 officers (and our only executive officers). 

(2)
 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is: c/o Verb Technology Company, Inc., 3401 North
 Thanksgiving Way, Suite 240, Lehi, Utah 84043. 

(3) 
 Percentage
 of common stock is based on 154,755,360 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 12, 2023. 

(4)
 
 Consists of (i) 5,286,158 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Cutaia,
(ii) 240,240 shares of common stock held by Cutaia Media Group Holdings, LLC (an entity over which Mr. Cutaia has dispositive and voting
authority), (iii) 54,006 shares of common stock held by Mr. Cutaia s spouse (as to which shares, he disclaims beneficial ownership),
(iv) 4,500 shares of common stock held jointly by Mr. Cutaia and his spouse, (v) 252,515 shares of common stock underlying stock options
exercisable within 60 days of April 12, 2023, (vi) 138,889 shares of common stock underlying warrants granted to Mr. Cutaia that are exercisable
within 60 days of April 12, 2023, (vii) and (viii) 856,243 shares of common stock underlying convertible notes previously issued to Mr.
Cutaia, determined by dividing the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest as of April 12, 2023, which was 881,930, by the
fixed conversion price of 1.03. This amount excludes 786,220 shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units that will not vest
within 60 days of April 12, 2023. For additional information about the convertible notes issued to Mr. Cutaia, refer to the section titled
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

(5)
 
 Consists
 of (i) 951,429 shares of common stock held directly, (ii) 5,334 shares of common stock held by Mr. Geiskopf s children, and
 (iii) 332,734 shares of common stock underlying stock options exercisable within 60 days of April 12, 2023. 

(6) 
 Consists
 of (i) 239,135 shares of common stock held directly, and (ii) 223,185 shares of common stock underlying stock options exercisable
 within 60 days of April 12, 2023. 

(7) 
 Consists
 of (i) 155,428 shares of common stock held directly, and (ii) 289,852 shares of common stock underlying stock options exercisable
 within 60 days of April 12, 2023. 

(8) 
 Consists of (i) 279,294 shares of common stock held directly, and (ii)
175,000 shares of common stock underlying stock options exercisable within 60 days of April 12, 2023. 

(9) 
 Consists of 56,818 shares of common stock underlying stock options exercisable
within 60 days of April 12, 2023. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes certain information regarding our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding restricted stock awards, options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding restricted stock awards, options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 8,334,107 
 0.90 
 641,924 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 467,543 
 3.70 
 - 
 
 Total 
 8,801,650 
 1.05 
 641,924 

61 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Other
than as set forth below and compensation arrangements, including employment, and indemnification arrangements, discussed, there have
been no transactions since January 1, 2021, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000
or one percent of the average of our total assets as at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and to which any of our
directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person
sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Notes
Payable to Related Parties 

The
Company has the following outstanding notes payable to related parties on December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Note 
 Issuance Date 
 Maturity Date 
 Interest Rate 
 Original Borrowing 
 Largest Aggregate Amount Outstanding Since January 1, 2021 
 Amount Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 Interest Paid Since January 1, 2022 
 Interest Paid Since January 1, 2021 
 
 Note 1 (1) 
 December 1, 2015 
 April 1, 2023 
 12.0 
 1,249 
 811 
 811 
 - 
 91 
 
 Note 2 (2) 
 December 1, 2015 
 April 1, 2017 
 12.0 
 112 
 112 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Note 3 (3) 
 April 4, 2016 
 June 4, 2021 
 12.0 
 343 
 240 
 45 
 - 
 44 
 
 Total notes payable related parties 
 1,163 
 856 
 - 
 135 

(1) 
 On
 December 1, 2015, we issued a convertible note payable to Mr. Cutaia in the principal amount of 1,249 to consolidate all loans and
 advances made by Mr. Cutaia to us as of that date. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum, is secured by our assets,
 and initially matured on February 8, 2021. 30 of the original principal amount of the note, or 375, was converted to common stock
 in 2018, while the remaining balance of 825 was not initially convertible. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding principal balance
 of the note was 725 and the accrued interest was 0. 

In
 February 2021, Mr. Cutaia and the Company amended the note to extend the maturity date from February 8, 2021 to February 8, 2023.
 In exchange for the extension, the Company issued Mr. Cutaia warrants to purchase 138,889 shares of common stock with a grant date
 fair value of 287. The warrants were fully vested upon issuance, are exercisable at 2.61 per share, and have a term of three years.
 There were no other changes to the original terms of the note. On May 19, 2021, our Board approved the ability to convert the note
 payable into equity of the Company at the discretion of the holder. The conversion price is the fair market value of our common stock
 on the day of conversion. 

On
 May 19, 2021, our Board approved an amendment to the note to allow for conversion of the note at any time at the discretion of the
 holder at a fixed conversion price of 1.03, which was the closing price of the common stock on the amendment date. 

As
 of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the note was 725 and the accrued interest was 86. Assuming all principal and interest
 owed under the note had converted into common stock on that date, it would have converted into an aggregate of 787,499 shares, based
 on the fixed conversion price. 

62 

(2) 
 On
 December 1, 2015, we issued a note payable to a former director in the principal amount of 112, representing unpaid consulting fees
 as of November 30, 2015. The note was unsecured, bore interest at a rate of 12 per annum, and matured in April 2017. 

On
 September 24, 2021, we settled all amounts owed under the note for 140. 

(3) 
 On
 April 4, 2016, we issued a convertible note to Mr. Cutaia, in the principal amount of 343 to consolidate all loans and advances
 made by Mr. Cutaia to us during the period December 2015 through March 2016. The note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum,
 is secured by our assets, and initially matured on June 4, 2021. 30 of the original principal amount of the note, or 103, was converted
 to common stock in 2018, while the remaining balance of 240 was not initially convertible. 

On
 May 19, 2021, our Board approved an amendment to the note to allow for conversion of the note at any time at the discretion of the
 holder at a fixed conversion price of 1.03, which was the closing price of the common stock on the amendment date. On the same date,
 200 of the principal amount of the note was converted into 194,175 shares of common stock at the fixed conversion price. 

As
 of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the note amounted to 40 and the accrued interest was 5. Assuming all principal
 and interest owed under the note had converted into common stock on that date, it would have converted into an aggregate of 43,852
 shares, based on the fixed conversion price. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On
February 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement (the Subscription
Agreement with Rory J. Cutaia, its Chief Executive Officer, who is an accredited investor (the Purchaser ),
pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell one (1) share of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, par value
 0.0001 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ), to the Purchaser for 5,000.00 in cash. The sale closed on February
17, 2023. 

The
Certificate of Designation provides that the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock will have 700,000,000 votes and will vote
together with the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal
to amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common
stock and to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock will be voted,
without action by the holder, on any such proposal in the same proportion, both For and Against, as shares of the common stock are
voted. The Series B Preferred Stock otherwise has no voting rights except as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised
Statutes. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other
securities of the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock has no rights with respect to any distribution of assets of the Company,
including upon a liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The holder of the Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends of any
kind. 

The
outstanding share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at any time (i) if such redemption is
ordered by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the
Articles of Incorporation implementing a reverse stock split and the increase in authorized shares of common stock of the Company.
Upon such redemption, the holder of the Series B Preferred Stock will receive the redemption price of 5,000.00 in cash. 

63 

Director
Independence 

The
Board evaluates the independence of each nominee for election as a director of our Company in accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules.
Pursuant to these rules, a majority of our Board must be independent directors within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing
Rules, and all directors who sit on our Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee must
also be independent directors. 

Our
Board is currently composed of six members. We have determined that the following five directors qualify as independent: James P. Geiskopf,
Phillip J. Bond, Kenneth S. Cragun, Judith Hammerschmidt, and Edmund C Moy. We determined that Mr. Cutaia, our Chairman of the Board,
President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, is not independent. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
following table sets forth the fees billed to us for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for professional services rendered by
our independent registered public accounting firm, Weinberg Company, P.A. (in thousands): 

Fees 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 213 
 224 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 2 
 2 
 
 Tax Fees 
 52 
 44 
 
 All Other Fees 
 27 
 50 
 
 Total Fees 
 294 
 320 

For
purposes of the preceding table, the professional fees are classified as follows: 

Audit
 Fees These are fees performed for the audit of our annual financial statements and the required review of our quarterly financial
 statements and other procedures performed by the independent auditors to form an opinion on our financial statements. 

Audit-Related
 Fees These are fees for expenses by the independent auditors that are associated with the audit, but don t fall within
 the above-described category. 

Tax
 Fees These are fees for all professional services performed by professional staff in our independent auditor s tax
 group, except those services related to the audit of our financial statements. 

All
 Other Fees These are fees for other permissible work, such as due diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions, audits
 related to acquisitions, attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation, and for other permissible work performed
 that does not meet the above-described categories. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures to oversee the external audit process and pre-approves all services provided by our
independent registered public accounting firm. Prior to the addition of Mr. Bond and Mr. Cragun as members of the Audit Committee, the
entire Board, consisting of Mr. Cutaia and Mr. Geiskopf acted as our Audit Committee and were responsible for pre-approving all services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by our Board
or Audit Committee, as applicable, before the respective services were rendered. 

64 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

Reference
is made to the financial statements attached beginning on page F-2 of this Annual Report. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID NO: 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits 

Reference
is made to the exhibits listed on the Index to Exhibits. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

65 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors 

 Verb
Technology Company, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Verb Technology Company, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and used cash in operations since
inception. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts
or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 1 

Goodwill
Impairment Assessment 

As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company conducts its goodwill impairment testing on an annual basis as of December 31 or whenever events or
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit may exceed its fair value. Impairment of goodwill is determined by
comparing the fair value of the Company s reporting unit to the carrying value of the underlying net assets in the reporting unit.
If the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value of its net assets, goodwill is deemed impaired
and an impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the difference between the fair value of
the reporting unit and the fair value of its other assets and liabilities. In accordance with the Segment Reporting Topic
of the Accounting Standards Codification, the Company s chief operating decision maker (the Company s Chief Executive Officer)
determined that there is only one reporting unit. 

The Company s annual impairment analysis includes
a qualitative assessment to determine if it is necessary to perform the quantitative impairment test. In performing a qualitative assessment,
the Company reviewed events and circumstances that could affect the significant inputs used to determine if the fair value is less than
the carrying value of goodwill. As a result of this qualitative assessment, the Company determined that a triggering event had occurred
to necessitate performing the quantitative impairment test. After performing the quantitative impairment test, the Company determined
that goodwill was impaired by 10,183. As a result of the impairment losses recognized, the carrying amount of the Company s goodwill
was reduced to 9,581 as of December 31, 2022. 

We
identified the evaluation of goodwill impairment assessment as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment by management
when determining the fair value of the reporting unit. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort in
auditing such assumptions. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We
 compared forecasts prepared by management used in its impairment analysis to historical revenues
 and costs for reasonableness. 
 
 We
 performed procedures to verify the mathematical accuracy of the calculations used by management. 
 
 We
 recalculated the impairment recorded for goodwill of 10,183 based on the excess of the carrying
 value of goodwill over its estimated fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We
 assessed the appropriateness of the disclosures in the financial statements. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

/s/

April
17, 2023 

F- 2 

VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Capitalized software development costs, net 

ERC receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued officers compensation 

Advances on future receipts, net 

Notes payable related party, current 

Notes payable, current 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes payable, current 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred incentive compensation to officers, current 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Contract liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Notes payable, non-current 

Notes payable related party, non-current 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized: Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A units, shares issued and authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B units, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Common stock value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Digital revenue 

SaaS recurring subscription revenue 

Other digital revenue 

Total digital revenue 

Non-digital revenue 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Digital 

Non-digital 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense), net 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Other income, net 

Debt extinguishment, net 
 - 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

Deemed dividend to Series A preferred stockholders 
 - 

Deemed dividend due to warrant reset 
 
 - 

Net loss to common stockholders 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Class
 A Units 
 Class
 B Units 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in connection with public offering, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock for commitment fee related to equity line of credit
 agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued to settle accrued expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Fair value of vested restricted stock awards, stock options and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares returned and replaced
 with stock options 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Preferred Stock 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock in connection with public offering, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued upon conversion of note payable related party 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued to settle lawsuit 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of Series A Preferred to common stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of shares issued to Series A preferred stockholders deemed dividend 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested restricted stock awards 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested stock options and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Extinguishment of derivative liability upon exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued to settle accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued to officer to modify note payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Class B units to common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Debt extinguishment costs, net 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on lease termination 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain)/loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Effect of changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

ERC receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and accrued interest 

Contract liabilities 

Deferred incentive compensation 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Capitalized software development costs 

Purchases of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Advances on future receipts 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 - 

Payment of advances of future receipts 

Payment of notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payment for debt issuance costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

VERB
TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

 and used cash in operations of .
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date
these financial statements were issued. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of . 

Equity
financing: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock which resulted in proceeds
of ,
net of offering costs of 
 (see Note 11). Subsequent to December 31, 2022,
the Company issued 
 shares of the Company s common stock which
resulted in proceeds of approximately ,
net of offering costs of approximately . 

Debt
financing: 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received 
 from the issuance of two promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 
(see Note 9). At December 31, 2022, the aggregate principal outstanding on these notes totaled , of which was paid off in January 2023 (see Note 17). In addition, in September 2022, the U.S. Small Business Administration approved
a loan of ,
which, as of April 17, 2023, the Company has not received. 

Other: 

The
Company, through its Professional Employer Organization, filed for federal government assistance for the second and third quarters of
2021 in the aggregate amount of approximately through Employee Retention Credit ERC provisions of the Consolidated
Appropriations Act of 2021. The purpose of the ERC is to encourage employers to keep employees on the payroll, even if they are not working
during the covered period due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a receivable of as the amended payroll tax returns have
been filed with the IRS related to the quarterly periods ending June 2021 and September 2021. Due to the uncertain timing of the receipt
of this receivable, it is being classified as a long-term asset in the consolidated balance sheet. 

In
November 2022, a cost savings plan was approved and implemented to improve liquidity and preserve cash for operations (the Cost
Savings Plan ). This plan is expected to further reduce expenses moving forward through such actions as a reduction in force, elimination
of certain services provided by various vendors, and a 25 reduction in cash compensation by senior management over a four-month period
in exchange for shares of common stock. 

If
the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to operate its business and pay its debt obligations as they become
due, it will need to seek to raise additional capital, borrow additional funds, dispose of subsidiaries or assets, reduce or delay capital
expenditures, or change its business strategy. However, in light of the restrictive covenants imposed by certain of the Company s
prior financing arrangements, in combination with the recent decline in the trading price of the common stock, the Company may be unable
to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts when needed to operate its business, service its debt or execute on its strategic plans.
Further, notwithstanding such restrictions, there can be no assurance that debt or equity financing will be available in the amounts,
on terms, or at times deemed acceptable by the Company. The issuance of additional equity securities would result in significant dilution
in the equity interests of the Company s current stockholders and could include rights or preferences senior to those of the current
stockholders. Borrowing additional funds would increase the Company s liabilities and future cash commitments and potentially impose
significant operational or financial restrictions and require the Company to further encumber its assets. If the Company is unable to
obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable, the Company may be unable to continue to operate its business or pay
its obligations as they become due, and as a result may be required to curtail or cease operations, which may result in stockholders
or noteholders losing some or all of their investment. 

Economic
Disruption 

Our
business is dependent in part on general economic conditions. Many jurisdictions in which our customers are located and our products
are sold have experienced and could continue to experience unfavorable general economic conditions, such as inflation, increased interest
rates and recessionary concerns, which could negatively affect demand for our products. Under difficult economic conditions, customers
may seek to cease spending on our current products or fail to adopt our new products, which could negatively affect our financial performance.
We cannot predict the timing or magnitude of an economic slowdown or the timing or strength of any economic recovery. These and other
economic factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

COVID-19 

As
of the date of this filing, there continues to be concern regarding the ongoing impacts and disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
in the regions in which the Company operates. Although the impacts of the pandemic on our business have not been material to date, a
prolonged downturn in economic conditions as a result of the pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our customers and demand
for our products. At this time, it is not possible for the Company to predict the duration or magnitude of the impacts of the pandemic,
or other outbreaks of communicable diseases, on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

2. 
 Non-digital
 revenue, which is revenue the Company generates from non-app, non-digital sources through ancillary services provided as an accommodation
 to clients and customers. These services include design, printing, fulfillment and shipping services. The revenue is recognized upon
 completion and shipment of products or fulfillment to customers. Effective April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a customer referral
 agreement with a third party for its cart site and printing business. Under the agreement, the Company earns a 10 commission for
 customer referrals and 8 on merchandise sales and certain cart site design fees, all of which are recognized as non-digital revenue
 on a net basis. 

Revenues
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were substantially all generated from clients and customers located within the United
States of America, though some utilize the Company s applications outside the United States of America. 

Increase due to deferral of revenue 

Decrease due to recognition of revenue 

Ending balance 

and , respectively. 

on its indefinite-lived intangible assets that had been recognized as
part of the Sound Concepts acquisition in 2019. The Company also recorded an impairment loss of that had been recognized as part of
the Solofire acquisition in 2020. As a result of the impairment losses recognized, the carrying amount of the Company s indefinite-lived
intangible assets were reduced to as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company did no t record any impairment charges related to indefinite lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

. As
a result of the impairment losses recognized, the carrying amount of the Company s goodwill was reduced to as of December
31, 2022. 

The
following table provides a breakdown of the change in goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

 SCHEDULE OF BREAKDOWN OF CHANGE IN GOODWILL 

Sound Concepts 
 Solofire 
 Total 

2022 

Sound Concepts 
 Solofire 
 Total 
 
 Beginning Balance 

Impairment loss recognized during the period 

Ending Balance 

The
Company did no t record any impairment charges related to goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

,
net of accumulated amortization of ,
on its finite lived intangible assets that had been recognized as part of the Sound Concepts acquisition in 2019. As a result of the
impairment losses recognized, the carrying amount of the Company s consolidated definite lived intangible assets were reduced
to 
as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company did no t record any impairment charges related to finite lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

to months. The Company
determines whether a contract contains a lease at contract inception. A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right
to control the use of the identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is determined based on the right
to obtain all of the economic benefits from use of the identified asset and the right to direct the use of the identified asset. Operating
lease right-of-use assets ROU for operating leases represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term,
and operating lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments. Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present
value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term and is included in the general and administrative line in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 

The
three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are described below: 

Level
 1: 
 Quoted
 market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level
 2: 
 Pricing
 inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the
 reporting date. 

Level
 3: 
 Pricing
 inputs that are generally unobservable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

The
carrying amount of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts
payable, and accrued expenses approximate their fair value due to their short-term nature. The carrying amount of the Company s
financial obligations approximate their fair values due to the fact that the interest rates on these obligations are based on prevailing
market interest rates. The Company uses Level 2 inputs for its valuation methodology for the derivative liabilities. 

and , respectively, outstanding warrants
of and , respectively, outstanding restricted stock units of and , respectively, the Notes that
are convertible into and shares at per share, respectively, and convertible notes issued to a related party that are
convertible into and shares at per share, respectively, which were all excluded from the computation of net loss
per share because they are anti-dilutive due to the Company s net loss position during the reported periods. 

. 

The
Company extends limited credit to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. The Company generally
does not require collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
customers and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts and sales credits. The Company believes that any concentration of credit risk
in its accounts receivable is substantially mitigated by the Company s evaluation process, relatively short collection terms and
the high level of credit worthiness of its customers. 

The
Company s concentration of credit risk includes its concentrations from key customers and vendors. The details of these significant
customers and vendors are presented in the following table for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

No customers individually over 

The Company s largest vendors are presented below as a percentage of the aggregate 

Purchases 
 Two vendors that accounted for and of its purchases individually and in the aggregate 
 Two vendors that accounted for and of its purchases individually and in the aggregate 

Accounts payable 
 Two vendors that accounted for and of its accounts payable individually and in the aggregate 
 One vendor that accounted for of its accounts payable individually and in the aggregate 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities 

Fair value of derivative liability extinguished 
 - 

Fair value of common shares issued to settle accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Reclassification of Class B upon conversion to common stock 
 - 

Fair value of common stock issued to settle notes payable related party 
 - 

Fair value of common stock received in exchange for employee s payroll taxes 

Fair value of common stock issued for future services 
 - 

Fair value of debt forgiveness 
 - 

Accrued capitalized software development costs 

Fair value of common stock issued to settle lawsuit 
 - 

Discount recognized from advances on future receipts 

Discount recognized from convertible notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Discount recognized from notes payable 

Derecognition of operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 
 Derecognition of operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Recognition of operating lease right-of-use asset and related lease liability 
 
 - 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers . ASU 2021-08 will require companies to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities
relating to contracts with customers that are acquired in a business combination in accordance with ASC 606. Under current GAAP, an acquirer
generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities
arising from revenue contracts with customers, at fair value on the acquisition date. ASU No. 2021-08 will result in the acquirer recording
acquired contract assets and liabilities on the same basis that would have been recorded by the acquiree before the acquisition under
ASC Topic 606. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted
ASU 2021-08 effective January 1, 2022 on a prospective basis and the adoption impact of the new standard will depend on the magnitude
of future acquisitions. The standard did not impact acquired contract assets or liabilities from business combinations occurring prior
to the adoption date. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Credit Losses Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASC
326 ). The standard significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets, including accounts
and notes receivables. The standard will replace today s incurred loss approach with an expected loss 
model, under which companies will recognize allowances based on expected rather than incurred losses. Entities will apply the standard s
provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance
is effective. As a small business filer, ASU 2020-06 will be effective January 1, 2024, for the Company and the provisions of this update
can be adopted using either the modified retrospective method or a fully retrospective method. Management is currently assessing the
impact of adopting this standard on the Company s consolidated financial statements or the related disclosures. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material
impact on the Company s present or future consolidated financial statements. 

and 
of internal and external development costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In October 2021, the Company entered into
a -year
license and services agreement with a third party (the Primary Contractor to develop on a work-for-hire basis certain
components of MARKET.live. The Primary Contractor s fees for developing such components, including the license fee, is .
The Primary Contractor was paid an additional 
bonus in April 2022 for services rendered pursuant to the license and service agreement. In addition, as of December 30, 2022 and
2021, the Company had paid or accrued 
and ,
respectively, of other capitalized software development costs. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized and , respectively. 

- 

Additions 

Amortization 
 
 - 
 
 Ending balance 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total amortization 

Option
to Acquire Primary Contractor 

In
August 2021, the Company entered into a term sheet that provided the Company the option to purchase the Primary Contractor provided
certain conditions are met. In November 2021, the Company exercised this option. The Company and the Primary Contractor subsequently
reached an agreement-in-principle on the terms for the Company s acquisition of the Primary Contractor, the final consummation
of which is subject to the execution of a share purchase agreement (the SPA and the completion of an audit of the
Primary Contractor that is satisfactory to the Company (the Primary Contractor Audit ), as well as the fulfillment by
the Primary Contractor of certain other conditions set forth in the term sheet. The term sheet stipulates that if the Company had
entered into the SPA and the Primary Contractor had the Primary Contractor Audit successfully completed prior to May 15, 2022 (or a
subsequent mutually agreed upon date) and the Company thereafter determines not to consummate the acquisition of the Primary
Contractor, the Company would have been liable for a 
break-up fee payable to the Primary Contractor. However, as of May 15, 2022, the SPA had not been executed and the Primary
Contractor Audit was not completed. The parties are still working together and in discussions regarding the transaction. Based on
the term sheet, . There can be no assurance that the
acquisition will be completed on the terms set forth in the term sheet or at all. 

Furniture and fixture 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvement 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Changes: 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Adjustment to provisional goodwill 
 - 

Ending balance 

In
December 2022, after performing the quantitative impairment test in accordance with ASC 350-20-35-3C, the Company determined
that goodwill was impaired by . The Company did no t record any impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

In
September 2021, the Company finalized the purchase price allocation of SoloFire which the Company acquired in September 2020. As a result,
the Company adjusted from goodwill to finite-lived intangible assets. 

Intangible
assets 

Accumulated
 amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Finite-lived
 intangible assets, net 

Indefinite-lived
 intangible assets 

- 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Amortizable
finite-lived intangible assets are being amortized over a period of three to . In December 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss on amortizable
finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets of , net of accumulated amortization of 
and , respectively. No impairment loss was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded amortization expense of and ,
respectively. 

2024 

2025 

Total
 amortization 

and the corresponding lease liabilities of , resulting in a loss on
lease termination of . 

On
April 26, 2022, the Company entered into an office space sub-lease agreement. on the commencement date of the lease . 

Other information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest/present value discount 

Present value of lease liabilities 

of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, accrued officers compensation amounted to and , respectively. 

- 

Note 2 

- 

Note 3 

- 

Note 4 

- 
 
 Note 5 

- 
 
 Total 

Debt discount 

Debt issuance costs 

- 
 
 Net 

Note
1 

On
October 29, 2021, the Company received secured advances from an unaffiliated third party totaling for the purchase of future receipts/revenues
of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid and amortized of the debt discount. The note was paid
in full on April 28, 2022. 

Note
2 

On
October 29, 2021, the Company received secured advances from an unaffiliated third party totaling for the purchase of future receipts/revenues
of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid and amortized of the debt discount. The note was paid
in full on August 17, 2022. 

Note
3 

On
December 23, 2021, the Company received secured advances from an unaffiliated third party totaling for the purchase of future receipts/revenues
of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid and amortized of the debt discount. The note was paid in
full on June 22, 2022. 

Note
4 

On
August 25, 2022, the Company received secured advances from an unaffiliated third party totaling for the purchase of future receipts/revenues
of , resulting in a debt discount of . The Company also paid of debt issuance costs. The debt discount and debt issuance
costs will be amortized over the term of the secured advance using the effective interest rate method. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company paid and amortized and of the debt discount and debt issuance costs, respectively. As of December
31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the note was and the unamortized balance of the debt discount and debt issuance costs were
 and , respectively. On February 16, 2023, the Company agreed to extend the payment of the note over a period of 10 months, reducing
the repayment by approximately . See Note 17 Subsequent Events. 

Note
5 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company received secured advances from an unaffiliated third party totaling for the purchase of future receipts/revenues
of , resulting in a debt discount of . The Company also paid of debt issuance costs. The debt discount and debt issuance costs
will be amortized over the term of the secured advance using the effective interest rate method. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company paid and amortized and of the debt discount and debt issuance costs, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the
outstanding balance of the note was and the unamortized balance of the debt discount and debt issuance costs were and , respectively.
On February 16, 2023, the Company modified the payment terms of the note, reducing the payments by approximately 50 . See Note
17 Subsequent Events. 

Related party convertible note payable (B) 

Note payable (C) 

Convertible Notes Due 2023 (D) 

- 
 
 Promissory note payable (E) 

- 
 
 Debt discount 

- 
 
 Debt issuance costs 

- 
 
 Total notes payable 

Non-current 

Current 

(A) 
 , which
 was the closing price of the common stock on the amendment date. On May 12, 2022, the maturity date of the note was extended to . As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the outstanding balance under the note was and , respectively. 

(B) 
 ,
 to consolidate all advances made by Mr. Cutaia to the Company during the period December 2015 through March 2016. On May 19, 2021,
 the Company amended the note to allow for conversion of the note at any time at the discretion of the holder at a fixed conversion
 price of ,
 which was the closing price of the common stock on the amendment date. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance
 under the note was and , respectively. 

(C) 
 . Installment payments, including principal and interest, began on October 26, 2022. In September 2022, the SBA approved an additional
 loan of . As of April 17, 2023, the Company has not received these funds. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the outstanding
 balance under the note was . 

(D) 
 in convertible notes due January 2023 (each, a Note, and,
 collectively, the Notes, and such financing, the January Note Offering ).
 The Company and the January Note Holders also entered into a security agreement, dated January
 12, 2022, in connection with the January Note Offering, pursuant to which the Company granted
 a security interest to the January Note Holders in substantially all of its assets. The January
 Note Purchase Agreement prohibits the Company from entering into an agreement to effect any
 issuance of common stock involving a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined therein) during
 the term of the agreement, subject to certain exceptions set forth therein. The January Note
 Purchase Agreement also gives the January Note Holders the right to require the Company to
 use up to of the gross proceeds raised from future debt or equity financings to redeem
 the Notes, which redemptions have been elected by the January Note Holders. There are no
 financial covenants related to these notes payable. 
 
 The
 Company received in gross proceeds from the sale of the Notes. The Notes bear interest of per annum, have an original
 issue discount of , mature 12 months from the closing date, and have an initial conversion price of , subject to adjustment
 in certain circumstances as set forth in the Notes. 
 
 In
 connection with the January Note Offering, the Company paid of debt issuance costs. The debt issuance costs and the debt discount
 of are being amortized over the term of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. During the year ended December 31,
 2022, the Company amortized of debt discount and of debt issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of unamortized
 debt discount and debt issuance costs was and , respectively. 
 
 As
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance of the Notes amounted to and 0 , respectively. During the year ended
 December 31, 2022, the Company repaid in principal payments and of accrued interest to January Note Holders pursuant
 to the terms of the Notes. 
 
 On
 January 26, 2023, the Company repaid in full all outstanding obligations under the January Note Offering dated January 12, 2022.
 See Note 17 - Subsequent Events. 

(E) 
 ,
 which has an original issue discount of ,
 resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 
 (the November Note, and such financing, the November Note Offering ). Until all obligations under the November Note have been paid in full, the
 Company is not permitted to grant a security interest in any of its assets, or to issue securities convertible into shares of common
 stock, subject in each case to certain exceptions. verbMarketplace, LLC entered into a guaranty, dated November 7, 2022, in
 connection with the November Note Offering, pursuant to which it guaranteed the obligations of the Company under the November Note
 in exchange for receiving a portion of the loan proceeds. 
 
 In
 connection with the November Note Offering, the Company incurred of debt issuance costs. The debt issuance costs and the debt
 discount of are being amortized over the term of the November Notes using the effective interest rate method. As of December
 31, 2022, the amount of unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs was and , respectively. 
 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of the November Notes amounted to . See Note 17, Subsequent Events. 

Interest expense amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense other 

Total interest expense 

Total
interest expense for notes payable to related parties (see Notes A and B above) was and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The Company paid and in interest to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Exercise Price 

Expected Life 

Volatility 

Dividend Yield 

Risk-Free Interest Rate 

Total Fair Value 

The
expected life of the warrants was based on the remaining contractual term of the instruments. The Company uses the historical volatility
of its common stock to estimate the future volatility for its common stock. The expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the
Company has not paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future. The risk-free interest rate was based
on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded other income of 
 to account for the decrease in the fair value
of these derivative liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of derivative liabilities was . 

During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded other income of 
 to account for the decrease in the fair value of derivative liabilities. In addition, the Company recorded a decrease in derivative
liability of 
related to derivative liabilities that were extinguished due to the exercise of 
 warrants and the forfeiture of 
 warrants. The extinguishment was accounted for as an increase to equity. As of December 31, 2021, the balance of derivative liabilities
was . 

Change in fair value 

Extinguishment 
 - 

Ending balance 

of newly issued shares (the Total Commitment of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the common stock from time to time during the term of
the agreement, subject to certain limitations and conditions. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of common stock pursuant to the January Purchase Agreement, which resulted in proceeds of , net of offering costs of .
In addition, the Company issued shares of common stock as a commitment fee in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the January Purchase Agreement. The Company terminated the equity line of credit agreement on January 26, 2023. See Note
17 Subsequent Events. 

Shares
Issued as Part of Registered Direct Offering 

On
April 20, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, which provides for the sale and issuance by the Company of
an aggregate of (i) shares of common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of the common stock at an exercise
price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of before deducting placement agent commissions and other offering expenses
(the April Registered Direct Offering ). As a result of this transaction, certain of the Company s Series A warrants
which previously had exercise prices ranging from to per share had the exercise prices reduced to per share. On April
20, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock as part of the April Registered Direct Offering, which resulted in proceeds
of , net of offering costs of . The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the April Registered Direct Offering to repay
 in principal amount of the January Note Purchase Agreement dated January 12, 2022. 

Shares
Issued as Part of Public Offering 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the October Purchase Agreement ), which provides
for the sale and issuance by the Company of an aggregate of (i) shares of common stock, at a purchase price of per share,
and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of the common stock at an exercise price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds
of before deducting placement agent commissions and other offering expenses (the October Registered Direct Offering ).
As a result of this transaction, certain warrants which previously had an exercise price of per share, had the exercise price reduced
to per share. Further, in connection with the October Purchase Agreement, the Company is restricted from (i) issuing or filing
any registration statement to offer the sale of any common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock
until 75 days after the date thereof; and (ii) entering into an agreement to effect any issuance of common stock involving a Variable
Rate Transaction (as defined therein) during the term of the agreement, subject to certain exceptions set forth therein. On October 25,
2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the October Purchase Agreement, which resulted in proceeds of
 , net of offering costs of . 

Shares
Issued as Part of ATM Agreement 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to an at-the-market issuance sales agreement,
which resulted in proceeds of , net of offering costs of . 

Shares
Issued for Services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to certain employees and vendors for services rendered
and to be rendered with an aggregate grant date fair value of . These shares of common stock were valued based on the closing price
of the Company s common stock on the date of the issuance or the date the Company entered into the agreement related to the issuance. 

Shares
Issued to Settle Accrued Expenses 

On
February 14, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer as part of
a separation agreement, with an aggregate grant date fair value of based on the closing price of the Company s common stock
on the date of issuance. 

On
May 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Company s Chief Executive Officer in lieu of the cash payment
of a bonus accrued in a prior year, with an aggregate grant date fair value of based on the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the date of issuance. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock with a fair value of to other employees and former
employees to settle certain unpaid amounts due them. 

Shares
Issued for Vested Restricted Stock Units 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued , , and shares of common stock to certain officers, employees
and directors, respectively, associated with the vesting of restricted stock units. These issuances include shares of common
stock issued as part of the Cost Savings Plan. 

Shares
Returned and Replaced 

On
November 17, 2022, certain officers and directors returned shares of common stock that had previously been issued during the
year in exchange for stock options in the Company. The aggregate fair value of this exchange was . 

The
Company s common stock activity for the year ended December 31, 2021 was as follows: 

Shares
Issued as Part of Public Offering 

On
March 15, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering with institutional investors and sold shares of common stock
at a price of per share, which resulted in aggregate net proceeds of . Included in the is a refund of from
the underwriter. 

Shares
Issued as Part of ATM Agreement 

In
August 2021 and November 2021, the Company entered into two separate at-the-market issuance sales agreements (the August 2021
ATM and the November 2021 ATM , respectively) with Truist Securities, Inc., pursuant to the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252167). The August 2021 ATM was terminated in October 2021. In January 2022, the aggregate offering
price of the shares of the Company s common stock that may be sold under the November 2021 ATM was reduced from to .
The August 2021 and November 2021 ATM offerings are a follow-on offering of securities utilized by the Company in order to raise capital
over a period of time. In an ATM offering, the Company sells newly issued shares into the trading market through our designated sales
agent at prevailing market prices. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received net proceeds of . 

Shares
Issued for Services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted shares of common stock to certain employees and vendors for services
rendered and to be rendered with an aggregate fair value of . The shares of common stock were valued based on the market value
of the Company s common stock price at the issuance date or the date the Company entered into the agreement related to the issuance
and is being amortized over its vesting term. The Company recorded stock compensation expense of and issued shares of
common stock to account for common shares vested. In addition, shares granted to employees that vested were returned to the Company
in exchange for the Company paying the corresponding income and payroll taxes of the employees amounting to . The Company accounted
for the return of the shares and the payment of for income and payroll taxes paid on behalf of the employees as a reduction
in additional paid-in capital. Accordingly, the net increase to additional paid-in capital related to shares issued for services in 2021
is . 

Shares
Issued from Conversion of Note Payable Related Party 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon a partial conversion of a note payable due to
the Company s Chief Executive Officer totaling . The conversion price was , which was the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the day of conversion. 

Shares
Issued for Settlement of Accounts Payable and Accrued Expense 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to employees as settlement of of previously
recorded accrued payroll as of December 31, 2020. These shares of common stock were valued based on the market value of the Company s
common stock price at the issuance date and approximates the carrying value of the accrued payroll. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its restricted common stock to a vendor for conversion of of
accounts payable. Such issuance of securities was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

Shares
Issued for Settlement of Litigation 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares to EMA Financial to settle a litigation. The fair market value of
the shares issued was based on the closing price of Company s stock on the day of settlement which amounted to . As of the
settlement date the Company had previously accrued and as a result the Company recorded an additional in general and administrative
expenses to account for the difference between the fair value of the common shares issued and amount accrued at December 31, 2020. 

Granted 

Vested/ deemed vested 

Forfeited and other 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non-vested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested/deemed vested 

Forfeited and other 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted restricted stock units to certain officers, employees and directors.
 . These restricted stock units were valued based
on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the respective dates of issuance and had an aggregate grant date fair value
of , which is being amortized as share-based compensation expense over the respective vesting terms. 

On
November 17, 2022, the board of directors approved the Cost Savings Plan in which certain directors and senior level management agreed
to accept a 25 reduction in cash compensation over a four-month period commencing December 1, 2022 in exchange for shares of common
stock. The shares were granted pursuant to agreements entered into effective November 17, 2022. The shares vest monthly, at the end of
each month, over the four-month period, ending on March 31, 2023. On November 17, 2022, a total of shares of restricted stock
with a fair value of was granted pursuant to the Cost Savings Plan. The total shares of restricted stock include granted
to officers and granted to directors. 

The
total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the
remaining share-based compensation expense associated with previously issued restricted stock units was which will be recognized
in future periods as the units vest. When calculating basic net loss per share, these shares are included in weighted average common
shares outstanding from the time they vest. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted restricted stock units to officers and directors. These restricted stock units were valued based on the closing price of the Company s
common stock on the respective dates of issuance and had aggregate grant date fair value of . 

The
total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was . As of December 31, 2021, the
remaining share-based compensation expense associated with previously issued restricted stock units was which was amortized over
the remaining vesting periods. 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 

Vested December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

As
of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of the outstanding options was 0 . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted stock options to certain employees and consultants to purchase a total of 
shares of common stock for services rendered or to be rendered. The options have an average exercise price of per share, terms
between one and five years, and vest between zero and four years from the respective grant dates. The total grant date fair value of
these options was approximately using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The total share-based compensation expense recognized
relating to the vesting of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining share-based
compensation expense associated with previously issued stock options was , which will be recognized in future periods as the options
vest. The granted stock options include for its Chief Executive Officer and for directors associated with the return
of previously issued stock in exchange for stock options. stock options were granted to directors as part of the Cost Savings
Plan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, a total of stock options were exercised. As a result of the exercise of the option, the Company
issued shares of common stock and received cash of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted stock options to employees and consultants to purchase a total of shares
of common stock for services rendered. The options have an average exercise price of per share, expire between zero and five years,
vesting from zero and four years from grant date. The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately , determined
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The total stock compensation expense recognized relating to the vesting of stock options
for the year ended December 31, 2021 amounted to . As of December 31, 2021, the total unrecognized share-based compensation expense
was , which is expected to be recognized as part of operating expense through December 2025. 

- 

- 

Average
 expected term 

years 

to years 

Expected
 volatility 

- 

Expected
 dividend yield 

- 

- 

Forfeiture
 rate 

The
risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of measurement corresponding with the expected
term of the share option award; the expected term represents the weighted-average period of time that option awards are expected to be
outstanding giving consideration to vesting schedules and historical participant exercise behavior; the expected volatility is based
upon historical volatility of the Company s common stock; and the expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company
has not paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future. 

Granted 

- 

- 

Forfeited 

() 

- 

- 

Exercised 

() 

- 

- 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

- 

Forfeited 

() 

- 

- 

Exercised 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

- 

In
connection with the April Registered Direct Offering on April 20, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock
with a vesting period of six months and an exercise price of . As a result, warrants, with exercise prices ranging from
 to per share, had the exercise prices reduced to per share. The change in fair value of such warrants as a result of
the new exercise price is approximately and the Company accounted for this change as part of the change in fair value of derivative
liability (see Note 10). 

Further,
as a result of the October Purchase Agreement, certain warrants which previously had an exercise price of per share had the exercise
price reduced to per share, which resulted in the Company recognizing a deemed dividend of (see Note 11). As of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of the outstanding warrants was . 

On
January 24, 2023, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Aegis relating to the January 2023 offering, issuance and sale
of shares of the Company s common stock at a public offering price of per share. As a result of this transaction,
certain warrants which previously had an exercise price of per share, had the exercise price reduced to per share. See Note
17 Subsequent Events. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted warrants to an officer. The warrants are fully vested upon grant, have
an exercise price of per share, expire in years with an estimated fair value of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, a total of warrants were exercised into shares of common stock at a weighted average
exercise price of . The Company received cash of upon exercise of the warrants. 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Non-deductible items 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Share based compensation 

Non-cash interest and financing expenses 

Other temporary differences 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

ASC
740 requires that the tax benefit of net operating loss carry-forwards be recorded as an asset to the extent that management assesses
that realization is more likely than not. Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company s ability
to generate sufficient taxable income within the carry forward period. Because of the Company s recent history of operating losses,
management believes that recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits is currently not
likely to be realized and, accordingly, has provided a valuation allowance against the asset amounts. 

Any
uncertain tax positions would be related to tax years that remain open and subject to examination by the relevant tax authorities. The
Company has no liabilities related to uncertain tax positions or unrecognized benefits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had federal net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately million and million,
respectively, and state net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately million and million, respectively, which may be
available to offset future taxable income for tax purposes. These net operating loss carry-forwards begin to expire in 2034. This carry-forward
may be limited upon the ownership change under IRS Section 382. IRS Section 382 places limitations (the Section 382 Limitation on the amount of taxable income which can be offset by net operating loss carry-forwards after a change in control (generally greater
than change in ownership) of a loss corporation. Generally, after a change in control, a loss corporation cannot deduct operating
loss carry-forwards in excess of the Section 382 Limitation. Due to these change in ownership provisions, utilization of
the net operating loss may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. The
Company has not concluded its analysis of Section 382 through December 31, 2022 but believes the provisions will not limit the availability
of losses to offset future income. 

The
Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the state of Nevada. The tax regulations within each jurisdiction
are subject to interpretation of related tax laws and regulations and require significant judgment to apply. As of December 31, 2022,
tax years 2016 through 2021 remain open for IRS audit. The Company has received no notice of audit from the IRS for any of the open tax
years. 

 in unpaid bonus compensation from 2015. This former employee filed his
complaint in the Superior Court of California for the County of Los Angeles on November 20, 2019, styled Meyerson v. Verb Technology
Company, Inc., et al . (Case No. 19STCV41816). The Company does not believe the former employee s claims have any merit as they
are contradicted by documentary evidence, and barred by the applicable statute of limitations, and barred by a release. On February 9,
2021, the former employee s counsel filed a motion for summary judgment, or in the alternative, summary adjudication against the
Company. On October 13, 2021, the court issued an order (i) denying the former employee s motion for summary judgment, (ii) partly
granting the former employee s motion for summary adjudication, and (iii) partly denying the former employee s motion for
summary adjudication. The court has set a trial date of August 28, 2023. The Company believes the resolution of this matter will not
have a material adverse effect on the Company or its operations. 

b.
Legal Malpractice Action 

The
Company is currently in a dispute with Baker Hostetler LLP BH relating to corporate legal services provided by BH to
the Company. The Company filed its complaint in the Superior Court of California for the County of Los Angeles on May 17, 2021, styled
 Verb Technology Company, Inc. v. Baker Hostetler LLP, et al. (Case No. 21STCV18387). The Company s complaint arises from
BH s alleged legal malpractice, breach of fiduciary duties owed to the Company, breach of contract, and violations of California s
Business and Professions Code Section 17200 et seq. The Company is seeking, amongst other things, compensatory damages from BH. On October
5, 2021, BH filed a cross-complaint against the Company alleging, amongst other things, that the Company owes it approximately in
legal fees. The Company disputes owing this amount to BH. The Company believes that the resolution of these matters will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company or its operations. 

c. Dispute with Warrant Holder 

The
Company is currently in a dispute with Iroquois Capital Investment Group LLC and Iroquois Master Fund, Ltd (collectively, Iroquois relating to a securities purchase agreement (the SPA entered between the Company, Iroquois and certain other investors.
The Company filed a complaint in the Supreme Court of New York for the County of New York on April 6, 2022, styled Verb Technology
Company, Inc. v. Iroquois Capital Investment Group LLC, et al . (Index No. 651708/2022). The Company s complaint seeks a judicial
declaration of its duties and obligations under the SPA. On May 5, 2022, Iroquois filed counterclaims against the Company for declaratory
relief, breach of contract, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing relating to the SPA. Iroquois alleges damages
of . The Company disputes Iroquois counterclaims and damages allegations. The Company intends to vigorously pursue its claims
and to vigorously defend itself against the counterclaims. The Company believes that the resolution of these matters will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company or its operations. 

From
time to time, the Company is involved in various other legal proceedings, disputes or claims arising from or related to the normal course
of its business activities. Although the results of legal proceedings, disputes and other claims cannot be predicted with certainty,
the Company believes it is not currently a party to any other legal proceedings, disputes or claims which, if determined adversely to
the Company, would, individually or taken together, have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results,
financial condition or cash flows. However, regardless of the merit of the claims raised or the outcome, legal proceedings may have an
adverse impact on the Company as a result of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management time and resources, and other factors. 

Board
of Directors 

The
Company has committed an aggregate of in board fees to its five board members over the term of their appointment for services to
be rendered. Board fees are accrued and paid monthly. The members will serve on the board until the annual meeting for the year in which
their term expires or until their successors has been elected and qualified. 

On
November 17, 2022, the board of directors approved a cost savings plan to improve the Company s liquidity and preserve cash for
operations. In connection with the cost savings plan, the board agreed to accept a 25 reduction in cash compensation over a four-month
period. In consideration of the reduction in cash compensation, the board will be compensated with equity award grants. 

Total
board fees expensed and paid in 2022 totaled . As of December 31, 2022, total board fees to be recognized in 2023 amounted to 
and will be recognized once the service has been rendered. 

shares of the Company s common stock at a public offering price of per share. The net proceeds for the offering were approximately
 , after deducting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses. As a result of this transaction, certain warrants
which previously had an exercise price of per share, had the exercise price reduced to per share. 

Termination
of Equity Line of Credit Agreement 

On
January 26, 2023, the Company terminated the January Purchase Agreement dated January 12, 2022, which provided for the sale by the Company
of up to of newly issued shares. 

Debt
financing 

Repayment
of Convertible Notes Payable 

On
January 26, 2023, the Company repaid in full all outstanding obligations under the January Note Offering dated January 12, 2022. 

Modification
of Advance on Future Receipts 

On
February 16, 2023, the Company and the lender agreed to extend the payment of the notes over a period of 10 months. As a result, monthly payments were reduced by approximately . 

November Notes 

At a Special Meeting of Stockholders on April 10, 2023, the Company s
shareholders approved for purposes of Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635, the issuance of shares of common stock in partial or full satisfaction of the November
Note. However, there is no current agreement or understanding with the November Note holder with respect to repayment of the November
Note through the issuance of shares of common stock. 

Settlement Agreement 
Legal Malpractice Action 

Issuance
of Series B Preferred Stock 

On
February 17, 2023, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Rory J. Cutaia, its Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which
the Company agreed to issue and sell one (1) share of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, for
 in cash. 

The
Certificate of Designation setting for the rights and preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock provides that the holder of the as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, to effect a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock and to increase the number of authorized shares of
common stock of the Company. The Preferred Stock will be voted, without action by the holder, on any such proposal in the same
proportion, both For and Against, as the shares of common stock are voted. The Preferred Stock otherwise has no voting rights except
as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities
of the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock has no rights with respect to any distribution of assets of the Company, including upon a
liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily.
The holder of the Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 

The outstanding share
of Series B Preferred Stock shall be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at any time (i) if such redemption is ordered by the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the effectiveness of the amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation implementing
a reverse stock split and the increase in authorized shares of common stock of the Company. Upon such redemption, the holder of the Preferred
Stock will receive the redemption price of in cash. 

Issuances
of Common Stock 

From
January to March 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to officers, employees,
and board members associated with the vesting of Restricted Stock Units. 

Issuances
of Stock Options 

From
January to March 2023, the Company granted stock options to certain employees to purchase a total of 
stock options for services to be rendered. The options have an average exercise price of 
per share, expire in five years, and vested on the grant date. The total grant date fair value of these options was 
based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

Reverse Split 

At a
Special Meeting of Stockholders on April 10, 2023, the stockholders of the Company approved a Certificate of Amendment to the
Articles of Incorporation of the Company to increase its authorized common stock from 
shares to 
shares and approved the grant of discretionary authority to the board of directors of the . As of April 17, 2023, the reverse stock split has not been approved by the board of directors. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

At the Special Meeting of Stockholders, the stockholders of the Company approved an amendment to the Company s 2019 Incentive
Compensation Plan to increase the number of shares authorized under the plan by shares of common stock to be authorized for
awards granted under the plan. 

F- 33 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

Where
 Located 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on November 27, 2012 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-187782 
 
 3.1 
 
 04/08/2013 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Verb Technology Company, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.12 
 
 11/01/2019 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Change as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on October 6, 2014 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.3 
 
 10/22/2014 

3.4 
 
 Articles of Merger as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on October 6, 2014 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.4 
 
 10/22/2014 

3.5 
 
 Articles of Merger as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 4, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.5 
 
 04/24/2017 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Correction as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on April 17, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.6 
 
 04/24/2017 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Change as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on February 1, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.7 
 
 02/07/2019 

3.8 
 
 Articles of Merger as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 31, 2019 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.8 
 
 02/07/2019 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Correction as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on February 22, 2019 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226840 
 
 3.9 
 
 03/14/2019 

3.10 
 
 Articles of Merger of Sound Concepts, Inc. with and into NF Merger Sub, Inc. as filed with the Utah Division of Corporations and Commercial Code on April 12, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.10 
 
 05/15/2019 

3.11 
 
 Statement of Merger of Verb Direct, Inc. with and into NF Acquisition Company, LLC as filed with the Utah Division of Corporations and Commercial Code on April 12, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.11 
 
 05/15/2019 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 10, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226840 
 
 4.28 
 
 08/14/2018 

66 

Where
 Located 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences, and Restrictions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on August 12, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38334 
 
 3.12 
 
 08/14/2019 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, dated February 17, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 3.1 
 
 02/24/2023 

4.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated January 11, 2018 issued to EMA Financial, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.3 
 
 01/26/2018 

4.2 
 
 Form of Investor Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226840 
 
 4.34 
 
 04/02/2019 

4.3 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226840 
 
 4.35 
 
 04/02/2019 

4.4 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant in favor of A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226840 
 
 4.36 
 
 04/02/2019 

4.5 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 4.37 
 
 08/14/2019 

67 

Where
 Located 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 
 4.6 
 
 Verb Technology Company, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-235684 
 
 4.13 
 
 12/23/2019 

4.7 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (granted by the Company in February 2020 and March 2020) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 4.38 
 
 02/25/2020 

4.8 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 5, 2020 in favor of Iroquois Capital Investment Group LLC 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-243438 
 
 4.18 
 
 08/10/2020 

4.9 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 5, 2020 in favor of Iroquois Master Fund Ltd. 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-243438 
 
 4.19 
 
 08/10/2020 

4.10 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated August 6, 2020 in favor of Kingsbrook Opportunities Master Fund LP 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-243438 
 
 4.20 
 
 08/10/2020 

4.11 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated July 10, 2019 in favor of Meridian Newcastle Group, Inc. 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-243438 
 
 4.21 
 
 08/10/2020 

4.12 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated July 10, 2019 in favor of Meridian Newcastle Group, Inc. 
 
 S-3 
 
 333-243438 
 
 4.22 
 
 08/10/2020 

4.13 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 001-38834 
 
 4.17 
 
 06/04/2020

4.14 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/22/2022 

4.15 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 4.1 
 
 10/25/2022 

10.1# 
 
 2014 Stock Option Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/22/2014 

10.2# 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated December 20, 2019 by and between the Company and Rory J. Cutaia 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.2 
 
 05/14/2020 

10.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 8, 2018, by and among the Company, Sound Concepts, Inc., NF Merger Sub, Inc., NF Acquisition Company, LLC, the shareholders of Sound Concepts, Inc., and the shareholders representative 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/14/2018 

10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 8, 2018, by and among the Company, Sound Concepts, Inc., NF Merger Sub, Inc., NF Acquisition Company, LLC, the shareholders of Sound Concepts, Inc., and the shareholders representative 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/14/2018 

10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement dated November 12, 2018, by and among the Company, Sound Concepts, Inc., NF Merger Sub, Inc., NF Acquisition Company, LLC, the shareholders of Sound Concepts, Inc., and the shareholders representative 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/14/2018 

68 

Where
 Located 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

10.6 
 
 Partner Application Distribution Agreement dated February 4, 2019, by and between the Company and Salesforce.com, Inc. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.43 
 
 02/07/2019 

10.7 
 
 Lease Agreement dated February 5, 2019 by and between the Company and NPBeach Marina LLC 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226840 
 
 10.45 
 
 02/19/2019 

10.8 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement dated April 4, 2019 by and between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/05/2019 

10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Lease dated June 2, 2019 by and between the Company and NPBeach Marina LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.54 
 
 08/14/2019 

10.10 
 
 Extension Letter from the Company to NPBeach Marina LLC dated March 26, 2019 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.55 
 
 08/14/2019 

10.11 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 14, 2019 between the Company and certain purchasers identified therein 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.56 
 
 08/14/2019 

10.12 
 
 Form of Omnibus Waiver and Acknowledgment Agreement, entered into as of February 7, 2020, by and between the Company and certain purchasers of the Company s Series A convertible Preferred Stock and grantees of the Company s common stock purchase warrants in August 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.58 
 
 02/25/2020 

10.13 
 
 Form of alternative Omnibus Waiver And Acknowledgement Agreement, entered into as of February7, 2020, by and between the Company and certain purchasers of the Company s Series A convertible Preferred Stock and grantees of the Company s common stock purchase warrants in August 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.58a 
 
 02/25/2020 

10.14# 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and each of its Executive Officers and Directors 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.43 
 
 06/04/2020

10.15 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated September 4, 2020, by and among Verb Acquisition Co., LLC, Ascend Certification, LLC, the sellers party thereto and Steve Deverall, as the seller representative 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/10/2020 

69 

Where
 Located 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

10.16 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated September 4, 2020, by and among Verb Acquisition Co., LLC, Verb Technology Company, Inc. and the holders of Class B Units party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.4 
 
 09/10/2020 

10.17 
 
 Form of Contribution and Exchange Agreement, dated September 4, 2020, by and between Verb Acquisition Co., LLC and the investors party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.5 
 
 09/10/2020 

10.18 
 
 Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Verb Acquisition Co., LLC, dated September 4, 2020, by and among Verb Acquisition Co., LLC and the members party thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.6 
 
 09/10/2020 

10.19 
 
 At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated November 16, 2021, between the Company and Truist Securities, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 1.1 
 
 11/16/2021 

10.20 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, between the Company and Tumim Stone Capital LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/13/2022 

10.21 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, amongst the Company and certain institutional investors identified therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.2 
 
 1/13/2022 

10.22 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 4/22/2022 

10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/28/2022 

10.24 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, between Verb Technology Company, Inc. and Streeterville Capital, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/14/22 

10.25 
 
 Promissory Note, dated November 7, 2022, issued by Verb Technology Company, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/14/22 

10.26 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 24, 2023, by and between the Company and Aegis Capital Corp 
 
 8.K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 1.1 
 
 01/26/2023 

10.27 
 
 Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement, dated February 17, 2023, by and between the Company and purchaser signatory thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/17/2023 

10.28# 
 
 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (amended September 2, 2020 and ratified by Stockholders October 16, 2020) 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 001-38834 

09/11/2020 

10.29# 
 
 Amendment to 2019 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan 
 
 DEF 14A 
 
 001-38834 

2/28/2023 
 
 X 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for Directors, Senior Officers and Employees of Corporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 14.1 
 
 10/22/2014 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38834 
 
 21.1 
 
 05/14/2020 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

70 

Where
 Located 
 
 Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 

(#)
A contract, compensatory plan or arrangement to which a director or executive officer is a party or in which one or more directors or
executive officers are eligible to participate. 

)
Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits contain representations and warranties made by the parties thereto. The assertions embodied
in such representations and warranties are not necessarily assertions of fact, but a mechanism for the parties to allocate risk. Accordingly,
investors should not rely on the representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts or for any other purpose
at the time they were made or otherwise. 

The certifications attached as Exhibit 32 accompany this Annual Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the
Exchange Act and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of the registrant s filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing. 

71 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Verb
Technology Company, Inc. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Rory J. Cutaia 

Rory
 J. Cutaia 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, 

and
 Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Rory J. Cutaia 

Rory
 J. Cutaia 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, 

and
 Director 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 James P. Geiskopf 

James
 P. Geiskopf 

Director 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Salman H. Khan 

Salman
 H. Khan 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Philip J. Bond 

Philip
 J. Bond 

Director 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Kenneth S. Cragun 

Kenneth
 S. Cragun 

Director 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Edmund C. Moy 

Edmund
 Moy 

Director 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Judith Hammerschmidt 

Judith
 Hammerschmidt 

Director 

Date:
 
 April 17, 2023 

72 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements (No. 333-235684) on Form S-8 and (No. 333-233797), (No. 333-243438),
(No. 333-249564), (No. 333-252167), (No. 333-262132) , and (333-264038) on Form S-3 of Verb Technology Company, Inc. of our report dated
April 17, 2023 relating to our audit of the financial statements of Verb Technology Company, Inc., for the years ending December 31,
2022 and 2021, (which report includes an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about Verb Technology s ability to
continue as a going concern) which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Verb Technology Company, Inc. for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

/s/
Weinberg Company, P.A. 

 Los
Angeles, California 

 April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Rory J. Cutaia, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Verb Technology Company, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Rory J. Cutaia 

Rory
 J. Cutaia 

President,
 Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
Salman H. Khan, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Verb Technology Company, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Salman H. Khan 

Salman
 H. Khan 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

The
undersigned, Rory J. Cutaia, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that 

1. 
 the
 annual report on Form 10-K of Verb Technology Company, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the
 information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of Verb Technology Company, Inc. as of the dates and for the periods presented. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Rory J. Cutaia 

Rory
 J. Cutaia 

President,
 Secretary, Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

The
preceding certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and shall not be deemed
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into
any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE 

The
undersigned, Salman H. Khan, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that 

1. 
 the
 annual report on Form 10-K of Verb Technology Company, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the
 information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of Verb Technology Company, Inc. as of the dates and for the periods presented. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Salman H. Khan 

Salman
 H. Khan 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

The
preceding certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and shall not be deemed
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into
any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 verb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 verb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 verb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 verb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

