<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1329606_0001493152-23-012437.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10471018</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>322040</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2145916</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3509661</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1829689</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2469647</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012437.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417064327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012437
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001329606
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORS & GENERATORS [3621]
		IRS NUMBER:				202675800
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41654
		FILM NUMBER:		23822774

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2990 REDHILL AVE
		CITY:			COSTA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92626
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 273-4990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2990 REDHILL AVE
		CITY:			COSTA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92626

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Probe Manufacturing Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012437.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from _______________________ to ____________________________________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or =for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such (files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

The
aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was based upon 8,696,118
shares held by non-affiliates and the closing price of 1.24 per share. Accordingly, effective as of June 30, 2022, the registrant s
aggregate market value was less than 75 million and the registrant qualifies for smaller reporting company status under
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is subject to the disclosure requirements and filing deadlines for smaller reporting companies. 

The
number of shares of common stock outstanding on April 17, 2023, was shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CLEAN
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Form
10-K 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 30 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 31 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 36 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 37 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 72 

Part III 

Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 73 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 79 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 81 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 82 
 
 Item
 15 
 Exhibits 
 83 

Signatures 
 84 

2 

NOTE
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to Clean Energy Technologies, the Company, we, 
 us, our and words of similar import refer to Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., unless the context requires
otherwise. 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words:
 anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, 
 should, will, would, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although
not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results
and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking
statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this report. 

Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 

our
 possible or assumed future results of operations; 

our
 business strategies; 

our
 ability to attract and retain customers; 

our
 ability to sell additional products and services to customers; 

our
 cash needs and financing plans; 

our
 competitive position; 

our
 industry environment; 

our
 potential growth opportunities; 

expected
 technological advances by us or by third parties and our ability to leverage them; 

Our
 inability to predict or anticipate the duration or long-term economic and business consequences of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 effects of future regulation; and 

our
 ability to protect or monetize our intellectual property. 

You
should read any other cautionary statements made in this Annual Report as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements
wherever they appear in this Annual Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report will prove
to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. You should
read this Annual Report completely. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking
statements, even though our situation may change in the future. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statements for any reason, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. 

3 

BUSINESS 

Who
We Are 

We
develop renewable energy products and solutions and establish partnerships in renewable energy that make environmental and economic sense.
Our mission is to be a segment leader in the Zero Emission Revolution by offering recyclable energy solutions, clean energy fuels and
alternative electric power for small and mid-sized projects in North America, Europe, and Asia. We target sustainable energy solutions
that are profitable for us, profitable for our customers and represent the future of global energy production. 

Our
principal businesses 

Waste
Heat Recovery Solutions we recycle wasted heat produced in manufacturing, waste to energy and power generation facilities
using our patented Clean Cycle TM generator to create electricity which can be recycled or sold to the grid. 

Waste
to Energy Solutions - we convert waste products created in manufacturing, agriculture, wastewater treatment plants and other industries
to electricity, renewable natural gas RNG ), hydrogen and bio char which are sold or used by our customers. 

Engineering,
Consulting and Project Management Solutions We have expanded our legacy electronics
and manufacturing business and plan to manufacture component parts for our Waste Heat Recovery and Waste to Energy business and to provide
consulting services to municipal and industrial customers and Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) companies so they can identify,
design and incorporate clean energy solutions in their projects. 

CETY
HK 

Clean
Energy Technologies (H.K.) Limited CETY HK consists of two business ventures in mainland China:(i) our natural gas NG trading operations sourcing and suppling NG to industries and municipalities. The NG is principally used for heavy truck refueling stations
and urban or industrial users. We purchase large quantities of NG from large wholesale NG depots at fixed prices which are prepaid for
in advance at a discount to market. We sell the NG to our customers at prevailing daily spot prices for the duration of the contracts;
and (ii) our planned joint venture with a large state-owned gas enterprise in China called Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International Co.
Ltd. Shenzhen Gas ), acquiring natural gas pipeline operator facilities, primarily located in the southwestern part of
China. Our planned joint venture with Shenzhen Gas plans to acquire, with financing from Shenzhen Gas, natural gas pipeline operator
facilities with the goal of aggregating and selling the facilities to Shenzhen Gas in the future. According to our Framework Agreement
with Shenzhen Gas, we will be required to contribute 8 million to the joint venture which plans to raise in future rounds of financing.
The terms of the joint venture are subject to the execution of definitive agreements. 

4 

Our
Business Strategy 

Our
strategy is focused on further developing our existing Waste Heat Recovery business while expanding into the rapidly growing markets
for Waste to Energy Solutions and clean energy engineering, consulting and project management services. 

Our
strategy focuses on three main elements: 

Expanding
 our Waste Heat Recovery product line to include waste heat recovery ORC systems producing over 1 MW of power so we can qualify for
 midsized and large heat recovery projects in the United States, China, Southeast Asian and Pacific Rim countries. 

Establishing
 a Waste to Energy business by selling our ablative thermal processing products based on proprietary HTAP technology and developing
 small and mid-sized waste to energy power plants producing electricity and RNG for the grid and methane, hydrogen and biochar for
 resale. 

Leveraging
 our engineering, procurement and manufacturing experience in Waste Heat Recovery and Waste to Energy to assist companies and EPCs
 incorporate clean energy solutions into energy and industrial construction projects. 

We
intend to implement this strategy through: 

Adding
 a new ORC system manufactured by Enertime for Waste Heat Recovery that will enable us to implement projects in the U.S. markets producing
 between 1 MW and 10 MW of electricity. 

Taking
 advantage of Inflation Reduction act of 2022 federal investment tax credits and state incentives that now include waste heat recover
 as a recognized clean energy source making our Clean Cycle Generator and ORC systems more profitable to install. On August 2022,
 Congress passed the Inflation Reduction act offering 30 Investment Tax Credit and technology neutral tax credits offering clean
 electricity production credit and investment credit. CETY s products directly benefit from these tax credits. 

Benefiting
 from higher energy costs which provide higher returns on our Waste Heat Recovery and Waste to Energy products and projects. 

Improving
 our balance sheet and capital position to permit us to invest in more products and projects. 

Establishing
 HTAP manufacturing facilities in Turkey for our Waste to Energy products and expanding patent protection on the proprietary technology. 

Leveraging
 our existing marketing channels to sell HTAP Waste to Energy products to industrial companies and government agencies. 

Working
 with clean energy project development and finance companies to establish Waste to Energy power plants producing electricity, RNG,
 hydrogen, methane and biochar from biomass, municipal waste, timber waste and other biomass and while retaining an equity interest
 in these facilities to provide re-occurring revenue. 

Sourcing
 LNG and selling it to privately owned pipeline companies in China through our newly formed LNG Trading company to participate in
 the rapidly growing clean energy market. 

Acquiring
 natural gas pipeline operators into our joint venture with Shenzen Gas who will hold 51 of the joint venture and agreed to provide
 either a 100 million dollar credit line or otherwise finance these acquisitions in a framework agreement. 

5 

Participate
 in other minority investments in medium to large clean energy projects being developed in China that may be sourced by our majority
 stockholder in Hong Kong. 

Leveraging
 the LNG trading and investment relationships to create opportunities for us to sell our Waste Recovery and Waste to Energy products
 in China and to provide engineering, consulting and project management services. 

Expanding
 our NG trading operations in China by acquiring more customers and developing the planned joint venture with Shenzhen Gas by acquiring
 natural gas pipeline operators facilities. 

Business
and Segment Information 

We
design, produce and market clean energy products and integrated solutions focused on energy efficiency and renewable energy. Our aim
is to become a leading provider of renewable and energy efficiency products and solutions by helping commercial companies and municipalities
reduce energy waste and emissions, lower energy costs and generate incremental revenue by providing electricity, renewable natural gas
and biochar to the grid. 

Segment
Information 

Our
four segments for accounting purposes are: 

Clean
Energy HRS (HRS) which engages in engineering, manufacturing and installing waste heat recovery solutions incorporating
our Clean Cycle Generator. 

CETY
Europe our subsidiary established in Italy for the purposes of servicing our customers in the EU that we are required
to report as a separate accounting entity. 

Engineering
and Manufacturing Business our legacy electronics manufacturing business that do not contribute significantly to our
revenues or business plan that we are required to report as a separate accounting entity. 

CETY
HK which is the parent company of our NG trading operations in China that source and supply NG and our planned joint
venture to acquire NG distribution systems depots and transmission systems. Prior to the first quarter of 2022, the Company had three
reportable segments but added the CETY HK segment to reflect its recent new businesses in China. 

Our
Clean Energy Solutions Business 

Waste
Heat Recovery Solutions 

We
provide our customers with power plants that capture wasted heat energy and produce electricity using a unique Organic Rankine Cycle
(ORC) system containing our Clean Cycle TM generator. Our magnetic bearing Integrated Power Modules is at the heart of our
Clean Cycle TM generator which can fit into a standard cargo container we call our Containerized System Module, producing 140KW
per Clean Cycle generator and can be linked together for projects generating up to 1MW of power. 

Our
recent agreement with Enertime now permits us to install midsized and large ORC systems (between 1 MW and 10 MW) in the United States,
allowing us to offer a full range of ORC systems to our customers. We believe this new capacity will enable us to expand our product
offerings into larger scale waste recovery products in the United States. Enertime is a leader in producing ORC systems in Europe. 

ORC
waste heat recycling systems use pressurized working fluids that have a lower boiling point than water which make them ideal to repurpose
waste heat into electricity. While most manufacturing processes do not produce enough heat to turn water into steam, there is enough
heat to generate pressurized refrigerant in our ORC systems which is used to turn a turbine at high speeds to generate electricity. 

We
can link up to 10 Clean Cycle Generators together which can generate up to 10 GWh of electricity per year from waste heat which we estimate
would reduce up to 5000 metric tons of CO2 production per year in an industrial heat recovery system or the annual equivalent of the
CO2 emissions of approximately 2000 cars per year. 

6 

We
believe the most important component in any ORC system is the turbine generator because it converts the steam heat into electricity and
accounts for approximately 60 of the cost of the system. The more efficiently the turbine generator works, the better the ORC power
plant operates. The remaining components consisting of the low boiling point fluid, condensers, which cool the fluids, the feed pumps,
which pressurize the fluids to reduce boiling points and the heat exchangers, which extract the heat from the heat sources. These are
more commoditized products and tend to perform at similar levels of efficiencies at similar price points. 

We
believe our Clean Cycle TM generator is the most efficient turbine generator in it s class and size available in the
market for ORC systems generating up to 1 MW. We estimate that the Clean Cycle TM generator has higher efficiency of approximately
15 than our competitors and its magnetic design eliminates the use of oils and lubricants, significantly reducing down time, repairs
and operating costs. Our Integrated Power Module is compact and fit into a standard cargo container that can be delivered on a turnkey
basis resulting in lower installation and implementation costs than on-site assembly. 

We
believe these features and benefits give us an important competitive advantage when building heat recovery power plants for our customers
and provide us with the opportunity to compete with and obtain market share from the dominant industrial waste heat to power systems. 

Over
121 Clean Cycle TM generators have been deployed to date with 88 units used in biomass and waste to energy projects, 4 with
diesel electric generators, 3 with turbine electric generators and 26 in industrial electric production applications. We expect to raise
additional funds to expand our capacity to install 6-8 units per year which should approximately double our sales on a year-to-year basis. 

We
have a current backlog of two units representing approximately 800,000 in sales revenues. 

The
patented technology used in Clean Cycle TM generator was purchased from General Electric International, together with over
100 installation sites, making us one of the leading provider of small-scale industrial waste heat to power systems. We have an exclusive
license from Calnetix to use their magnetic turbine for heat waste recovery applications. 

Our
 Integrated Power Module 
 Our
 Clean Cycle TM Generator 

7 

A
complete ORC System with Integrated Power Module housed in a Containerized System Module (CSM) 

Waste
to Energy Solutions 

We
are adding a new business line in our clean energy solutions segment consisting of Waste to Energy processing equipment, engineering
services and Waste to Energy processing power plant joint ventures where we expect to retain an ownership interest in the project. 

Waste-to-Energy
technologies that process non-renewable waste can reduce environmental and health damages while generating sustainable energy. Waste-to-Energy
technologies consist of waste treatment process that creates energy in the form of electricity, heat or fuels from a waste source. These
technologies can be applied to several types of waste: from the biomass (e.g. woodchips) to semi-solid (e.g. thickened sludge from effluent
treatment plants) to liquid (e.g. domestic sewage) and gaseous (e.g. refinery gases) waste. 

Waste
to Energy Solutions can be used: 

In
 any town, city or province with established waste management and collection. 

Where
 there is a consistent supply of solid waste. 

Places
 where treatment costs increase with shortages of space to store waste. 

In
 areas with high energy prices to allow for cost of recovery from waste . 

Waste
to Energy Solutions have many benefits: 

Electricity
 from Waste to Energy plants can be generated from small amounts up to 30 MW providing for a wide range of opportunities to sell it
 back to the grid. 

The
 synthetic renewable fuel gas produced from waste can be used for various production recyclable energy such as hot water, thermo-oil
 or steam, renewable natural gas or hydrogen. 

Landfill
 waste is reduced and so is leachate and methane released from decomposing landfills. 

Waste
 is a reliable source of energy and production is typically predictable and low cost whereas fossil fuel prices can fluctuate dramatically. 

8 

But
Traditional Incineration Methods Have Significant Downsides: 

Air
 pollution can increase because scrubbing technologies are very expensive to install. 

Many
 industrial, agricultural, and mixed municipal solid wastes have high moisture content at source and direct incineration of such waste
 requires burning fossil fuel. 

to
 maintain thermal conversion process. 

Carbon
 is released into the air which would otherwise be stored in landfill. 

Ash
 and flue gas cleaning residues from incineration can also cause poisonous leachate problems if not properly disposed of which is
 costly and causes downstream environmental issues. 

Generating
 electricity from incineration releases more CO2, SO2, NOx and mercury than natural gas. 

(Source:
https://www.energyforgrowth.org/memo/waste-to-energy-one-solution-for-two-problems/) 

The
most common form of waste to energy systems are based on incinerators which simply burn waste using air. The Thermal Treatment on Grate
is the most widespread technology being used by large waste landfills to generate electricity and heat. These systems produce substantial
amounts of ash, heavy metals and carbon dioxide which need to be treated and disposed of to minimize its impact on the environment. They
also require substantial amounts of pre-treatments prior to burning. 

The
Thermal on Grate incineration process, while wide-spread, is too expensive and complex for smaller and mid-sized waste to energy projects
creating, what we believe, a significant market opportunity in small and mid-sized waste processing applications to create not only electricity
but valuable renewable natural gas, bio diesel oil, hydrogen, methane, and biochar. 

Our
solution is a patented High Temperature Ablative Pyrolysis (HTAP) Biomass Reactor as viable commercial solution to the costs and environmental
problems posed by traditional incarnation methods. We have the exclusive license and right to sell the HTAP10 and HTAP5 and related products
manufactured by Enex which has a proven installed commercial base of customers using its waste to energy solutions. We believe this is
an ideal solution to process waste for small to mid-sized waste to energy generation applications needed for processing industrial and
municipality solid waste, agriculture waste, and forestry waste. 

Pyrolysis
systems decompose waste without the use of oxygen under varying pressurized conditions and at temperatures ranging from 300 degrees Celsius
and 1,300 degrees Celsius. The major advantage of pyrolysis is that it is a cost-effective technology and helps curb environmental pollution.
Pyrolysis systems are gradually replacing traditional incineration and gaining momentum in the waste to energy processing market addresses
many of the pre-treatment issues and, when using high temperature and high-pressure, substantially reduce or eliminates pollutant. (Source:
 Life Cycle Assessment of Waste-to-Bioenergy Processes: a Review Pooja Ghosh, ... Arunaditya Sahay, in Bioreactors, 2020) 

Pyrolysis
systems can produce hydrogen, renewable natural gas, bio-diesel oil, charcoal, and biochar which are used to power hydrogen, diesel,
and natural gas engines or electrical turbines which can be sold and often are eligible for substantial tax and pricing benefits. When
compared with the conventional incineration plant that runs in the capacity of kilotons per day, the scale of the pyrolysis plant is
more flexible, and the output of pyrolysis can be integrated with other downstream technologies for product upgrading. (Source: Influential
Aspects in Waste Management Practices Karthik Rajendran PhD,. Jerry D. Murphy PhD, in Sustainable Resource Recovery and Zero Waste Approaches,
2019) In addition, BioChar stores and reduces atmospheric CO2 and can be used as a soil conditioner, an organic component of animal feeds,
construction materials, wastewater treatment and in textiles. (Source: https://www.bioenergyconsult.com/applications-of-biochar/) 

The
ablative pyrolysis system is a waste to energy process that largely eliminates pre-treatment and the harmful pollutants and storage waste
produced when using standard incineration and other pyrolysis technologies. It uses high pressure to generate fast pyrolysis and is designed
so that the heat transferred from a hot reactor wall softens the feedstock under pressure and permits larger feedstock particles to be
processed without pre-treatment. These systems create high relative motion between the reactor wall and the feedstock. The process avoids
the need of inert gas and hence the processing equipment is small and the reaction system is more intense. (Source: http://biofuelsacademy.org/index.html 3Fp=608.html) 

9 

CETY
has licensed proprietary patented ablative pyrolysis system for commercial use that has been installed in 7 sites for use in waste to
energy creating applications processing including peat, coal, flax waste, sawdust and wood scrap, straw, buckwheat husks, and cardboard,
tapes, films and paper machine sludge. The technology has been implemented over 1,500 onsite power generation projects in Russia working
with major energy production companies such as Gazprom, Rosneft, Lukoil and Rostelecom as well as completing several projects for customers
in the European Union, Middle East and United States. Due to the conflict in the Ukraine, ENEX is redomiciling and relocating key personnel
to Turkey where it will complete an existing project and is expected to wind down its operations. CETY will develop additional ablative
technology and expects to manufacture units in the United States. Sales and European distribution will be run out of a CETY office that
has been established in Turkey. 

CETY
has global rights (except Russia and CIS countries) to design, build, manufacture, sell and operate renewable energy and waste recovery
facilities HTAP10 and HTAP5 systems and other products and technologies we expect to develop in the future. 

The
patented HTAP technology utilizes a higher temperature that uses a cleaner gas for the heating process and a more efficient biogas turbine.
The units can be customized to produce hydrogen, natural gas, diesel oil and bio char in varying quantities which can be sold or used
to produce electricity. We believe that the key benefits of the HTAP Biomass Reactor are: 

Flexibility
 in waste sourcing and mixing. 

Customized
 outputs of hydrogen, synthetic fuels, natural gas, methane, biochar, carbon black, or construction materials. 

Better
 waste sourcing and mixing flexibility, 

Near-zero
 emissions, 

Modular
 design, 

Zero
 liquid discharge, 

Zero
 solid waste residue waste. 

Modular,
 containerize design reducing implementation costs 

Proven
 commercial implementation. 

We
are targeting industrial and municipality solid waste, landfill waste, agriculture waste (straw, stems, plant biomass, manure, crop wastage),
and forestry waste from tree cuttings and shredded products. 

We
are in the process of identifying projects domestically and internationally for the HTAP Biomass Reactor. We believe the first project
where we expect to implement the HTAP10 technology will be with Ashfield Ag Resources to co-develop a biomass renewable energy processing
facility. The project is planned for a location in Massachusetts to convert forest biomass waste products to renewably generated electricity
and BioChar fertilizer. We expect to annually deliver up to 14,600 MWh of renewable electricity and 1,500 tons of BioChar. The Ashfield
project is one of four renewable energy processing facilities we plan to commission. 

10 

ENEX
HTAP 10 Waste to Energy Processing Plant. 

We
established a wholly owned subsidiary called CETY Capital that we expect will help us finance our customers renewable energy projects
producing low carbon energy. CETY Capital, when implemented, should add flexibility to the capacity CETY offers its customers and fund
projects utilizing its products and clean energy solutions. The in-house financing arm is expected to support our sales and build new
renewable energy facilities. To date we have conducted no material operations in this subsidiary. 

Our
Clean Energy Initiatives in China 

Natural
gas is China s fastest-growing primary fuel with demand quadrupling in the past decade. Developing the natural gas sector is a
critical aspect China s effort to reduce reliance on coal. According to the International Energy Agency, China is the world s
sixth-largest natural gas producer, the third-largest consumer, and the second-largest importer. In 2050, the U.S. Energy Information
Administration (EIA) expects China to consume nearly three times as much natural gas as it did in 2018, which was 280.30 b/cm. China s
natural gas consumption accounted for 8.3 of its total energy mix in 2019. China anticipates boosting the share of natural gas as part
of total energy consumption to 14 by 2030. Before COVID 19, China was expected to account for a third of global demand growth through
2022, thanks in part to the country s Blue Skies policy and the strong drive to improve air quality. China s
relatively strong economic recovery from the COVID 19 crisis will probably increase that share. Natural gas is imported either through
pipelines or as liquefied natural gas (LNG) on ships. According to Reuters, in 2019, the largest sources for Chinese LNG imports were
Australia, Qatar, Malaysia, and Indonesia. Source: U.S. Department of Commerce, International TradeAdministration. https://www.trade.gov/country-commercial-guides/china
energy#:~:text=China 20anticipates 20boosting 20the 20share,drive 20to 20improve 20air 20quality. 

Liquid
Natural Gas in the Chinese energy market produces half as much carbon dioxide, less than a third as much nitrogen oxides, and 1 percent
as much sulfur oxides at the power plant compared to the average air emissions from coal-fired generation. In addition to reduced air
emissions, natural gas has other environmental benefits that make it a smart fuel choice. Natural gas-fired power plants use about 60
percent less water than coal plants and 75 percent less water than nuclear power plants for the same electricity output. (Source: Conoco
Phillips) 

In
2021, we acquired through our subsidiary, CETY Hong Kong, a liquefied natural gas trading operation called Jiangsu Huanya Jieneng JHJ which sources LNG from large LNG producers and distributors and sells it to non-state-owned industries and downstream customers in mainland
China. In addition, CETY Hong Kong established a frame work agreement for a future joint venture with the overseas investment arm of
a large state-owned gas enterprise in China called Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International Co. Ltd. Shenzhen Gas ). CETY
Hong Kong holds a 49 interest in the joint venture. The joint venture plans to acquire municipal natural gas operators in China with
funds provided by Shenzhen Gas. 

CETY
also plans to sell its waste heat recovery and waste to energy products in China as well as provide consulting services relating to the
same to projects in China. 

The
JHJ team has more than 10 years of experience in the natural gas and clean energy industry and has maintained relationships and partners
with many natural gas enterprises in China. 

11 

CETY
HK 

LNG
Trading Operations 

JHJ s
principal service is to source and supply LNG to industries and municipalities located in the southern part of Sichuan Province and portions
of Yunnan Province. The LNG is principally used for heavy truck refueling stations and urban or industrial users in areas that do not
have a connection to local LNG pipeline systems. We purchase large quantities of LNG from large wholesale LNG depots at fixed prices
which are prepaid for in advance at a discount to market. We sell the LNG to our customers at prevailing daily spot prices for the duration
of the contracts. 

Either
our sources or customers arrange for delivery of the LNG. Our profitability depends on our ability to purchase LNG at volume discounts
at the beginning of a season and sell it at a delivered price that is higher than the price we pay. 

JHJ
traders are experienced LNG traders, familiar with the spot and future markets and have relationships with the major users of LNG in
the areas that we serve. Our customers may be local or may be as far as 700km from each depot. 

We
compete with other LNG trading based on availability and price. We target our discount with our sources to partially hedge against falling
spot prices and give us a gross profit targeted at substantially higher rate than our competitors which are approximately 20-30 percent
margins compared against what we believe are 1-5 percent margins by our competitors. So long as there are no major fluctuations in the
spot market, we can offer more competitive prices due to the discounts we receive from the large volumes purchased and the prepayments
for the LNG. JHJ has currently established a supply of approximately 8,000 tons of LNG for distribution. 

We
are able to purchase LNG at a significant discount from our suppliers because our prepayments offer suppliers more certainty with respect
to the sales of their inventory, address their cash flow issues, and allow them to better plan for production. We believe our downstream
customers get better prices from us because of our bulk buying power, ease of inventory management and cash flow. 

Both
our suppliers and customers can reduce costs by using JHJ as a centralized procurement center and establishing professional logistics
distribution based on stable supply and downstream demand. 

In
addition, at the time of our acquisition of JHJ, JHJ had substantially completed negotiations to enter into an agreement to obtain a
15 equity stake in Heze Hongyuan Natural Gas (HHNG), a local pipeline operator in the Shandong Province, by purchasing a stake through
Chengdu Rongjun Enterprise Consulting Co., Ltd. (CRE) The investment is secured via a share-pledge by the majority shareholder of HHNG,
and in case of a default, JHJ can take over the majority position. JHJ has full transparency to the use of proceeds as well as supervision
of the operations of HHNG. In January 2022, JHJ entered into a convertible promissory note with CRE, at 12 annual interest, in the amount
of Yuan 5,000,000 (approximately USD 787,686), which was funded by, purchases of our stock by PRC investors under our Regulation A offering
at a price of USD .08 per share. The Note is convertible into 15 of HHNG equity interests subject to dilution by additional equity investment
into HHNG by third parties. We do not expect the project to require additional investment from us, JHJ or HHNG. The project is currently
planning and constructing additional pipelines in the Heze area and is expected to generate cash flow by the first quarter of 2023. We
do not expect to make further direct minority investments in other pipeline operators as we expect these acquisitions to take place through
our joint venture with Shenzhen Gas. 

12 

Joint
Venture with Shenzhen Gas. 

We
are in the process of establishing a joint venture with Shenzhen Gas with plans to acquire natural gas utility companies in China. Shenzhen
Gas is expected to provide a line of credit to the joint venture to fully cover the acquisition costs or otherwise facilitate capital
infusions. We believe our participation in the joint venture will also provide our parent company, CETY and its subsidiaries, with the
opportunity to sell its products and consulting services to the companies acquired by the joint venture. 

We
believe that Shenzhen Gas entered into the Joint Venture with us because of the expertise of JHJ in the LNG market in southwest China
and their ability to source and complete profitable deals for the joint ventures. 

Our
subsidiary, Leading Wave Limited, signed a non-binding Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with Shenzhen Gas, on
August 30, 2021. According to the agreement, we expect the joint venture will invest up to RMB 3 to 5 billion which will be financed
through a credit line extended by Shenzhen Gas to the joint venture at an interest rate of approximately 5 per annum. JHJ s team
will be providing the know-how on the joint venture s acquisition strategy as well as streamlining the operations of the portfolio
companies to increase the overall profitability of the investments. 

Engineering,
Consulting and Project Management Services 

Engineering .
 Our global engineering team supports the design, build, installation, and maintenance of our Clean Cycle TM generators,
supports our technology customers and innovative start-ups with a broad range of electrical, mechanical and software engineering services.
CETY has assembled a team of experts from around the globe to assist customers at any point in the design cycle. These services include
design processes from electrical, software, mechanical and Industrial design. Utilization of CETY s design services will provide
our customers with a complete end to end solution. 

Supply
Chain Management . CETY s supply chain solution provides maximum flexibility and responsiveness through a collaborative
and strategic approach with our customers. CETY can assume supply chain responsibility from component sourcing through delivery of finished
product. CETY s focus on the supply chain allows us to build internal and external systems and better our relationships with our
customers, which allows us to capitalize on our expertise to align with our partners and customer s objectives and integrate with
their respective processes. 

The
Market for Our Products. 

Waste
to Energy . 

There
are more than 2500 waste-to-energy plants in the world, including almost 500 in Europe. (Source: https://wteinternational.com/news/waste-to-energy-technologies-overview/).
The waste-to-energy (WtE) market is expected to register a CAGR of 7.35 during the forecast period of 2021 2026, reaching a
market size of USD 69.94 billion by 2026, up from USD 43.66 billion in 2019. The COVID-19 pandemic affected the market negatively in
the form of supply chain disruptions and delays in project implementation. However, the market is expected to recover from 2021, owing
to the increasing efforts to promote waste-to-energy plants by various countries across the world. In addition to this, an increasing
amount of waste generation and growing concern for waste management to meet the need for sustainable urban living and increasing focus
on non-fossil fuel sources of energy are driving the demand for the waste-to-energy market. Thermal technology is expected to dominate
the waste-to-energy market in the coming years, owing to the increasing development in incineration and gasification technologies, as
well as the increasing amount of waste generated, especially from the emerging economies of Asia-Pacific. Asia-Pacific has witnessed
significant development in the waste-to-energy industry in the past few years. It has dominated the market across the world with increasing
efforts taken by the government in adopting better MSW management practices, providing incentives for waste-to-energy projects in the
form of capital subsidies and feed-in tariffs, and providing financial support for R D projects on a cost-sharing basis. Due to economic
development and rapid urbanization in China, the generation of municipal solid waste (MSW) has been increasing rapidly. Therefore, the
effective disposal of municipal solid waste has become a serious environmental challenge in China. (Source: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06192762/Waste-to-Energy-WtEMarket-Growth-Trends-COVID-19-Impact-and-Forecasts.html?utm_source=GNW 

13 

Increasing
government regulations regarding the waste to energy in various countries is one of the major factors driving the growth of global waste
to energy market. For instance, according to Federal Power Act 2019, this act gives federal authority over electric utilities in U.S.
Also the acts like Public Utility Regulatory Policy Act (PURPA) and Energy Policy Act are applied by the government to increase the waste
to energy and decrease the CO 2 emission by fossil fuels. In addition, escalating investments in R D by different countries
is also fostering the growth of global waste to energy market. (Source https://www.mynewsdesk.com/brandessence/pressreleases/at-cagr-of-7-dot-6-percent-waste-to-energy-market-is-expected-to-reach-usd-52-dot-92-billion-by-2027-3125591) 

Alternative
thermal technologies like pyrolysis, gasification and plasma arc gasification are expected to lower carbon emissions and witness the
growth in demand. Moreover, a shift in trend towards replacing conventional energy generating from fossil fuels with renewable energy
to ensure energy security and reduce carbon emissions are potential factors to drive industry growth. The global waste to energy market
size was valued at 35.1 billion in 2019, and is projected to reach 50.1 billion by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 4.6 from 2020 to 2027. 

 https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/waste-to-energy-market 

Waste
Heat Recovery 

A
study by Market Research Future in October of 2021 forecasted the waste heat recover market would be worth USD 114 billion by 2028 registering
a CAGR of 9.2 per year from a baseline of USD 59.44 billion in 2020. The primary economic driver in the waste heat recovery market are
 rising energy use, economic development, and rising electricity prices. The use of energy in many sectors to manufacture products
is steadily growing. The need for energy has increased in industrialized regions as industrialization has occurred. Companies are developing
numerous strategies to transform waste heat into energy as the demand for energy grows. As a result, it is fueling the growth of the
Waste Heat Recovery market. The government has taken various initiatives and enacted rules to save energy, which has promoted the usage
of Waste Heat Recovery technologies. Due to environmental concerns, the government is taking steps to save energy; as a result, the Waste
Heat Recovery sector is booming. Energy-efficient technology has become critical for industries looking to save money. (Source:
https://www.yahoo.com/now/waste-heat-recovery-market-worth-095200052.html) 

In
2020 North America constituted the largest share of the market accounting for approximately 33 of the global total but countries in
Asia and the Asia Pacific constitute the fasting growing geographic sectors due to rapid industrial expansion. 

Waste
heat recovery systems in the United States now qualify for beneficial investment tax credits of up to 26 on the investment driving additional
companies to install ORC industrial waste heat to power units. Owners of waste energy recovery property can claim a 26 ITC if construction
of such property begins during 2021 or 2022, and a 22 ITC if construction begins during 2023, provided in each case that the property
is placed in service by the end of 2025. (Source: https://www.lw.com/thoughtLeadership/covid-19-tax-relief-package-extends-renewable-power-and-carbon-capture-tax
credits#:~:text=Owners 20of 20waste 20energy 20recovery,by 20the 20end 20of 202025 We also believe the increasing prices for oil
and natural gas as a factor that encourages the use of our waste heat recovery systems. 

A
Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) is a state incentive program that requires a certain percentage of electricity sold by utilities in
the state to come from renewable resources. It diversifies the energy portfolio of the state while encouraging economic development.
By establishing an RPS a state creates a market for Renewable Energy Credits (RECs). Each utility must obtain and retire a certain number
of RECs annually. Several states including Colorado, Wisconsin, Illinois and California among others have now list waste heat to power
as an eligible resource in their RPS program. 

14 

LNG
Trading and Joint Venture 

Since
2012, the National Development and Reform Commission has stressed that natural gas vehicles, including urban buses, taxis, logistics
distribution vehicles, trucks and other natural gas-fueled transportation vehicles are the most important users of natural gas
and require a consistent supply chain. As a result, regions and provinces in the PRC have accelerated the construction of a network of
LNG refueling stations and encouraged the expansion of fleets of delivery vehicles. Due to China s carbon peak, carbon neutral 
goal commitment, China s environmental protection policies are gradually being tightened resulting in increased utilization rates
of natural gas as a clean energy alternative is getting higher and higher. (Source China 13 th Renewable Energy Development
Five Year Plan https://www.iea.org/policies/6277-china-13th-renewable-energy-development-five-year-plan-2016-2020 

By
2027, analysts forecast spot trade in LNG will be 20 billion, more than double its 2020 value. Last year, China s imports soared
by 18 to a record 79 million tons, overtaking Japan as the world s largest LNG buyer. China s economic recovery from the
COVID-19 pandemic was one factor, but the other was a pipeline reform that allowed more firms to become importers. (Source: Reuters U.S.
supplies give China muscle to become major force in global LNG trade https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/us-supplies-give-china-muscle-become-major-force-global-lng-trade-2022-02-11/) 

Aligning
with many policy goals, natural gas will remain a growth engine for energy supply in the 14th FYP period. The policy direction on air
pollution reduction, carbon emission control, and gas supply and midstream infrastructure development indicates continued support for
higher penetration of gas in the growing energy mix. On the other hand, the focus on supply security and cost reduction from market reforms
indicate an expectation of decelerating gas demand growth in the 14th FYP period compared with that in the previous five years. In the
current IHS Markit outlook, China s gas demand will grow 6 compound annual average during 2021-25 compared with the 11 
growth in the previous five year to reach 429 Bcm in 2025. (Source S P Global. China s Five Yar Plan s Review
and Expectation: Batural Gas Tick the Box for Many Policy Goals. https://ihsmarkit.com/research-analysis/chinas-fiveyear-plans-review-and-expectation-natural-gas-ticks.html ). 

We
believe that Southwest China is rich in natural gas resources providing us with a stable source of supply and is an important major natural
gas producing area in the country. We estimate that there are 16 LNG production plants with a capacity of more than 300,000 cubic meters
per day in Southwest China, with a total design capacity of 11.7 million cubic meters per day. We believe the supply is mainly to satisfy
LNG refueling stations and LNG vehicles which are among our primary downstream customers. 

We
estimate that by the end of 2022, a total of about 240 LNG refueling stations were operating in South Western China, including about
170 in Sichuan, about 30 in Yunnan, and about 40 in Guizhou; the daily consumption of LNG refueling stations that have been put into
operation in Yunguichuan is about 7,200 tons per day, which is basically the same as the upstream output, reaching a balance of
production and sales . 

In
order to help achieve the goal of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality , accelerate the clean and low-carbon transformation
of transportation energy, the Sichuan Provincial Development and Reform Commission and Sichuan Provincial Energy Administration issued
the Sichuan Province Natural Gas Vehicle Refueling Station Layout Plan (2021-2025) , which proposed that by 2025, Sichuan
will build 500 new refueling stations (including 141 stations in the expressway service area ), including 15 CNG refueling stations,
401 LNG refueling stations, 8 L-CNG refueling stations, and 76 CNG/LNG joint refueling stations. 

Based
on the development plan for LNG refueling stations in the southwest region we believe that the downstream demand for LNG by our customers
will maintain a steady growth rate over the next five years. 

15 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
utilize both a direct sales force and global distribution group with expertise in heat recovery solutions and clean energy markets. 

CETY
maintains an online presence through our web portal and social media. We also have established cross-sale agreements with synergistic
technology providers promoting our solutions to our respective customers. We utilize email campaigns to keep the marketplace abreast
of the recent developments with our solutions. We work with the municipalities to identify incentive programs that could utilize our
solutions. 

Our
application engineers assist in converting the opportunities into projects. We provide technical support to our Clean Cycle TM 
generator clients and recently introduced waste to energy plants through providing maintenance and product support. 

Our
market focus is segmented by the engine heat recovery, waste to energy plants, engineering procurement, and renewable energy trade,
Wastewater treatment plants and boiler applications with excess heat. 

Our
experienced team of LNG traders identify producers and customers for the LNG trading business as well as originate acquisition opportunities
for our Shenzhen Gas joint venture. 

Suppliers 

Our
heat recovery solutions systems are manufactured primarily from components available from multiple suppliers and to a lesser extend from
custom fabricated components available from various sources. We purchase our components from suppliers based on price and availability.
Our significant suppliers in the Waste Heat Recovery business include Powerhouse, Concise Instrument, and Grainger. 

Our
waste to energy components are sourced globally including the US with the exception of the core components originally sourced in Russia
and being transitioned to Turkey and US. We are in the process of establishing an inhouse center of competence and technology development
based out of Turkey to source these components in Europe and US with the ability to deploy the product globally. Although future impacts
cannot be predicted the company does not foresee any negative impact from the Russa and Ukraine conflict. 

The
liquid natural gas in China is obtained from various local production plants in Southeast China based on price and quality. Deliveries
of the LNG are made through third party trucking companies. We purchase large quantities of LNG from large wholesale LNG depots at fixed
prices which are discounted and prepaid for in advance at a discount to market. 

Competition 

ORMAT,
Exergy, TAS and Turboden are the leaders in ORC system power plants with more than 75 of installed capacity and plants, Exergy and TAS
are following with around 13 and 6 of the market respectively while Turboden has recently penetrated the geothermal market with about
2 of the installed capacity. 

The
Waste to Energy Market is dominated by Hitachi Zosen Inova AG, Suez, Veolia, Ramboll Group A/S, Covanta Holding Corporation, China Everbright
International Ltd., Abu Dhabi National Energy Company PJSC, Babcock Wilcox Enterprises lnc., Whaleboater Technologies lnc., Xcel
Energy lnc. (Source: https://www.mynewsdesk.com/brandessence/pressreleases/at-cagr-of-7-dot-6-percent-waste-to-energy-market-is-expected-to-reach-usd-52-dot-92-billion-by-2027-3125591) 

We
also compete with numerous companies that are smaller than the major companies who are focused on the smaller to medium sized installations
in Waste Heat Recovery and Waste to Energy. We believe our waste to energy products are more efficient for use in small and medium si 

 zed
operations than our competitors and provide us with a competitive advantage on that basis. 

In
China, our LNG trading operations compete with large state-owned LNG producers and importers such as Sinopec and many smaller local energy
trading companies in the PRC. We compete based on price and consistency of services. Our joint venture with Shenzhen Gas competes with
other large state-owned gas producers and smaller operators that may seek to grow by acquiring additional natural gas operators. We believe
our local relationships maintained by our local trading team and affiliation with Shenzhen Gas, a major supplier in China, enable us
to identify and acquire companies more efficiently than our competitors. 

16 

Company
Information 

We
were incorporated in California in July 1995 under the name Probe Manufacturing Industries, Inc. We redomiciled to Nevada in April 2005
under the name Probe Manufacturing, Inc. We manufactured electronics and provided services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs)
of industrial, automotive, semiconductor, medical, communication, military, and high technology products. On September 11, 2015 Clean
Energy HRS, or CE HRS , our wholly owned subsidiary acquired the assets of Heat Recovery Solutions from General Electric
International. In November 2015, we changed our name to Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 2990 Redhill Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626. Our telephone number is (949) 273-4990. Our common
stock is listed on the OTCQB Markets under the symbol CETY. 

Our
internet website address is www.cetyinc.com and our subsidiary s web site is www.heatrecoverysolutions.com The information
contained on our websites are not incorporated by reference into this document, and you should not consider any information contained
on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this document. 

The
Company has four reportable segments: Clean Energy HRS (HRS), CETY Europe, and the legacy electronic manufacturing services (Electronic
Assembly) division and CETY Hong Kong 

Patents 

We
currently hold 16 patents in 6 countries and 28 pending applications in 8 countries, which were acquired from General Electric International
relating to our magnetic turbine technology. 

Intellectual
Property 

As
part of our asset acquisition from General Electric International we acquired an exclusive, irrevocable, sublicensable, limited transferable,
royalty free, fully paid, worldwide perpetual license to develop, improve and commercialize Calnetix s magnetic turbine in any
Organic Rankine Cycle based application where heat is sourced from a reciprocating combustion engine of any type, except marine vessels,
any gas or steam turbine systems for electrical power generation applications or any type of biomass boiler system. 

We
have a global manufacturing and sales agreement with ENEX for its pyrolysis system. 

Facilities 

We
operate from a 20,000 sq-ft state of the art facility in Costa Mesa, California USA. We have in-house electro-mechanical assembly and
testing capabilities. Our products are compliant with American Society of Mechanical Engineers and are UL and CE approved. We also have
a 5000 sq-ft sales and service center located in Treviso, Italy. Our Asian headquarters is located in Hong Kong and our 3000 sq-ft Engineering
consultancy and Natural Gas Trading company is located in Chengdu. 

Employees 

We
presently have approximately 20 employees, including operational, engineering, accounting and marketing personnel. We utilize extensive
number of consultants as well and have never experienced work stoppages and we are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement.
We have 7 employees in JSJ in China. 

17 

Government
Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to certain foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements relating to environmental, waste management,
and health and safety matters. We believe we operate in substantial compliance with all applicable requirements. However, material costs
and liabilities may arise from these requirements or from new, modified or more stringent requirements. Material cost may rise due to
additional manufacturing cost of raw or made parts with the application of new regulations. Our liabilities may also increase due to
additional regulations imposed by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements relating to environmental, waste management,
and health and safety matters. In addition, our past, current and future operations and those of businesses we acquire, may give rise
to claims of exposure by employees or the public or to other claims or liabilities relating to environmental, waste management or health
and safety concerns. 

Our
markets can be positively or negatively impacted by the effects of governmental and regulatory matters. We are affected not only by energy
policy, laws, regulations and incentives of governments in the markets into which we sell, but also by rules, regulations and costs imposed
by utilities. Utility companies or governmental entities could place barriers on the installation of our product or the interconnection
of the product with the electric grid. Further, utility companies may charge additional fees to customers who install on-site power generation,
thereby reducing the electricity they take from the utility, or for having the capacity to use power from the grid for back-up or standby
purposes. These types of restrictions, fees or charges could hamper the ability to install or effectively use our products or increase
the cost to our potential customers for using our systems in the future. This could make our systems less desirable, thereby adversely
affecting our revenue and profitability potential. In addition, utility rate reductions can make our products less competitive which
would have a material adverse effect on our future operations. These costs, incentives and rules are not always the same as those faced
by technologies with which we compete. However, rules, regulations, laws and incentives could also provide an advantage to our Heat Recovery
Solutions as compared with competing technologies if we are able to achieve required compliance at a lower cost when our Clean Cycle
 TM generators are commercialized. Additionally, reduced emissions and higher fuel efficiency could help our future customers
combat the effects of global warming. Accordingly, we may benefit from increased government regulations that impose tighter emission
and fuel efficiency standards. 

Research
and Development 

We
had no expenses in Research and Development costs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

WHERE
YOU CAN GET ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 

We
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy our reports or
other filings made with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. You can
obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. You can also access these reports
and other filings electronically on the SEC s web site, www.sec.gov . 

Item
1a. Risk Factors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. We reserve the right not to provide risk factors in our future filings. Our primary risk factors and other considerations
include: 

18 

RISKS
ABOUT OUR BUSINESS 

OUR
INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS HAVE ISSUED A GOING CONCERN OPINION AND IF WE CANNOT OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING AND/OR REDUCE OUR OPERATING
COSTS SUFFICIENTLY, WE MAY HAVE TO CURTAIL OPERATIONS AND MAY ULTIMATELY CEASE TO EXIST. 

Going
Concern 

The
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets
and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had a total stockholder s equity of 1,878,196 and
a working capital deficit of 2,245,996 and an accumulated deficit of 17,276,536 as of December 31, 2022 and used 2,244,133 in net
cash from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Therefore, there is doubt about the ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve its goals and reach profitable operations and is still dependent
upon its ability (1) to obtain sufficient debt and/or equity capital and/or (2) to generate positive cash flow from operations. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net profit of 147,395 compared to a net profit of 297,551 for the same period in 2021. The
decrease in profit in 2022 was mainly due to the change in derivative liability associated with the convertible debt and higher interest
expense from 2022 to 2021. 

Subsequent to the year end results, the company s equity position
has increased substantially during the first quarter of 2023 evidenced by the subsequent events and company s recent filings, mainly
due to the recent public offering with gross proceeds of 3.9 million, the full conversion of a convertible note valued at 666,250, and
gain from a 324,000 convertible note payoff. The company has demonstrated profitability for two consecutive years and is no longer in
default to any major creditors. It is the Management s opinion that the Company has sufficient operating capital and can continue
to deliver profitability in its current state. The Company s ability to access capital has also significantly improved as it listed
on Nasdaq on March 23, 2023. Management believes through streamlined operations and scaling global sales, the Company can maintain long-term
profitability and sufficient capitalization. 

WE
HAVE AN ACCUMULATED DEFICIT AND MAY INCUR ADDITIONAL LOSSES; THEREFORE, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN THE ADDITIONAL FINANCING NEEDED
FOR WORKING CAPITAL, CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND TO MEET OUR DEBT SERVICE OBLIGATIONS. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had current
liabilities of 6,236,132. The company has been able to secure bridge financing of approximately 2,180,460 million and repaid approximately
 636,494 of debt in 2022. 

Our
debt could limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, or
other purposes in the future, as needed; to plan for, or react to, changes in technology and in our business and competition; and to
react in the event of an economic downturn. 

We
may not be able to meet our debt service obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain funds for required
payments, or if we fail to comply with covenants in our revolving lines of credit, we will be in default. 

WE
ARE IN DEFAULT IN OUR OBLIGATIONS TO A MAJOR CREDITORS 

We
are in default of 323,875 payments of principal and interest on our notes payable to Cybernaut Zfounder Ventures, this not was settled and paid off subsequently as of March 31, 2023. 

OUR
BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY PUBLIC HEALTH EPIDEMICS, INCLUDING THE CORONAVIRUS
OR COVID-19. 

Our
business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if a public health epidemic, including the coronavirus
or COVID-19 interferes with the ability of us, our employees, workers, contractors, suppliers, customers and other business partners
to perform our and their respective responsibilities and obligations relative to the conduct of our business. We maintain offices in
HaiXi with employees and workers upon whom we rely to, among other things, identify sources of supply in China, conduct factory inspections,
place orders for merchandise, perform factory monitoring with respect to production, quality control and other requirements, and arrange
shipping. A public health epidemic, including the coronavirus, poses the risk that we or our employees, workers, contractors, suppliers,
customers and other business partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including
due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. We face similar risks if a public health epidemic, including
the coronavirus, affects other geographic areas where our employees, workers, contractors, suppliers, customers and other business partners
are located. 

19 

IF
DEMAND FOR THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT THE COMPANY OFFERS SLOWS, OUR BUSINESS WOULD BE MATERIALLY AFFECTED. 

Demand
for products which it intends to sell depends on many factors, including: 

the
 economy, and in periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, customers may defer purchases or may choose alternate products; 

the
 cost of oil, gas and solar energy; 

the
 competitive environment in the heat to power sectors may force us to reduce prices below our desired pricing level or increase promotional
 spending; 

our
 ability to maintain efficient, timely and cost-effective production and delivery of the products and services; and, 

All
 of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for the products and services that we offer, which
 could adversely affect our sales, cash flows and overall financial condition. 

WE
OPERATE IN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE MARKET. IF WE DO NOT COMPETE EFFECTIVELY, OUR PROSPECTS, OPERATING RESULTS, AND FINANCIAL CONDITION COULD
BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED. 

The
markets for our products and services are highly competitive, with companies offering a variety of competitive products and services.
We expect competition in our markets to intensify in the future as new and existing competitors introduce new or enhanced products and
services that are potentially more competitive than our products and services. We believe many of our competitors and potential competitors
have significant competitive advantages, including longer operating histories, ability to leverage their sales efforts and marketing
expenditures across a broader portfolio of products and services, larger and broader customer bases, more established relationships with
a larger number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and channel partners, greater brand recognition, and greater financial, research
and development, marketing, distribution, and other resources than we do and the ability to offer financing for projects. Our competitors
and potential competitors may also be able to develop products or services that are equal or superior to ours, achieve greater market
acceptance of their products and services, and increase sales by utilizing different distribution channels than we do. Some of our competitors
may aggressively discount their products and services in order to gain market share, which could result in pricing pressures, reduced
profit margins, lost market share, or a failure to grow market share for us. If we are not able to compete effectively against our current
or potential competitors, our prospects, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

WE
MAY LOSE OUT TO LARGER AND BETTER-ESTABLISHED COMPETITORS. 

The
alternative power industry is intensely competitive. Most of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing
and distribution resources as well as greater experience in the industry than we have. Our products may not be competitive with other
technologies, both existing at the current time and in the future. If this happens, our sales and revenues will decline, or fail to develop
at all. In addition, our current and potential competitors may establish cooperative relationships with larger companies to gain access
to greater development or marketing resources. Competition may result in price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. 

20 

OUR
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS SUBJECT US TO RISKS, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS. 

Our
international operations are exposed to the following risks, several of which are out of our control: 

political
and economic instability, international terrorism and anti-American sentiment, particularly in emerging markets; 

preference
 for locally branded products, and laws and business practices favoring local competition; 

unusual
 or burdensome foreign laws or regulations, and unexpected changes to those laws or regulations; 

|import
 and export license requirements, tariffs, taxes and other barriers; 

costs
 of customizing products for foreign countries; 

increased
 difficulty in managing inventory; 

less
 effective protection of intellectual property; and 

difficulties
 and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations. 

Any
or all of these factors could adversely affect our ability to execute any geographic expansion strategies or have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. 

OUR
PRODUCTS MAY BE DISPLACED BY NEWER TECHNOLOGY. 

The
alternative power industry is undergoing rapid and significant technological change. Third parties may succeed in developing or marketing
technologies and products that are more effective than those developed or marketed by us, or that would make our technology obsolete
or non-competitive. Accordingly, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond quickly to technological changes. We may
not have the resources to do this. 

WE
MUST HIRE QUALIFIED ENGINEERING, DEVELOPMENT AND PROFESSIONAL SERVICES PERSONNEL. 

We
cannot be certain that we can attract or retain a sufficient number of highly qualified mechanical engineers, industrial technology and
manufacturing process developers and professional services personnel. To deploy our products quickly and efficiently, and effectively
maintain and enhance them, we will require an increasing number of technology developers. We expect customers that license our technology
will typically engage our professional engineering staff to assist with support, training, consulting and implementation. We believe
that growth in sales depends on our ability to provide our customers with these services and to attract and educate third-party consultants
to provide similar services. As a result, we plan to hire professional services personnel to meet these needs. New technical and professional
services personnel will require training and education and it will take time for them to reach full productivity. To meet our needs for
engineers and professional services personnel, we also may use costlier third-party contractors and consultants to supplement our own
staff. Competition for qualified personnel is intense, particularly because our technology is specialized and only a limited number of
individuals have acquired the needed skills. Additionally, we will rely on third-party implementation providers for these services. Our
business may be harmed if we are unable to establish and maintain relationships with third-party implementation providers. 

WE
MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY SHORTAGES OF REQUIRED COMPONENTS. IN ADDITION, WE DEPEND ON A LIMITED NUMBER OF SUPPLIERS TO PROCURE OUR
PARTS FOR PRODUCTION WHICH IF AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS BECOMES COMPROMISED IT COULD ADD TO OUR COST OF GOODS SOLD AND AFFECT OUR REVENUE
GROWTH. 

At
various times, there have been shortages of some of the components that we use, as a result of strong demand for those components or
problems experienced by suppliers. These unanticipated component shortages have resulted in curtailed production or delays in production,
which prevented us from making scheduled shipments to customers in the past and may do so in the future. Our inability to make scheduled
shipments could cause us to experience a reduction in our sales and an increase in our costs and could adversely affect our relationship
with existing customers as well as prospective customers. Component shortages may also increase our cost of goods sold because we may
be required to pay higher prices for components in short supply and redesign or reconfigure products to accommodate substitute components. 

21 

OUR
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, IN THE AGGREGATE, BENEFICIALLY OWN MORE THAN 50 OF OUR OUTSTANDING COMMON
STOCK AND THESE SHAREHOLDERS, IF ACTING TOGETHER, WILL BE ABLE TO EXERT SUBSTANTIAL INFLUENCE OVER ALL MATTERS REQUIRING APPROVAL OF
OUR SHAREHOLDERS . 

Our
principal shareholders, directors and executive officers in the aggregate, beneficially own more than 50 our outstanding common stock
on a fully diluted basis. These shareholders, if acting together, will be able to exert substantial influence over all matters requiring
approval of our shareholders, including amendments to our Articles of Incorporation, fundamental corporate transactions such as mergers,
acquisitions, the sale of the company, and other matters involving the direction of our business and affairs and specifically the ability
to determine the members of our board of directors. (See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Managements ). 

IF
WE LOSE KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL OUR BUSINESS COULD BE NEGATIVELY AFFECTED. FURTHER, WE WILL NEED TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN ADDITIONAL
SKILLED MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL AND IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO DO SO, OUR BUSINESS AND OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE TO GROW COULD BE HARMED. 

Our
success depends to a large extent upon the continued services of our executive officers. We could be seriously harmed by the loss of
any of our executive officers. In order to manage our growth, we will need to recruit and retain additional skilled management personnel
and if we are not able to do so, our business and our ability to continue to grow could be harmed. Although a number of companies in
our industry have implemented workforce reductions, there remains substantial competition for highly skilled employees. 

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE RISKS AND UNEXPECTED COSTS THAT WE MAY INCUR WITH RESPECT TO ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS MAY RESULT
IN ADDITIONAL LOSS CONTINGENCIES, THE QUANTIFICATION OF WHICH CANNOT BE DETERMINED AT THIS TIME. 

We
are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the use, storage,
discharge and disposal of hazardous substances in the ordinary course of our manufacturing process. If more stringent compliance or cleanup
standards under environmental laws or regulations are imposed, or the results of future testing and analyses at our current or former
operating facilities indicate that we are responsible for the release of hazardous substances, we may be subject to additional remediation
liability. Further, additional environmental matters may arise in the future at sites where no problem is currently known or at sites
that we may acquire in the future. Currently unexpected costs that we may incur with respect to environmental matters may result in additional
loss contingencies, the quantification of which cannot be determined at this time. 

OUR
SALES AND CONTRACT FULFILLMENT CYCLES CAN BE LONG, UNPREDICTABLE AND VARY SEASONALLY, WHICH CAN CAUSE SIGNIFICANT VARIATION IN REVENUES
AND PROFITABILITY IN A PARTICULAR QUARTER. 

The
timing of our sales and related customer contract fulfillment is difficult to predict. Many of our customers are large enterprises, whose
purchasing decisions, budget cycles and constraints and evaluation processes are unpredictable and out of our control. Further, the timing
of our sales is difficult to predict. The length of our sales cycle, from initial evaluation to payment for our products and services,
can range from several months to well over a year and can vary substantially from customer to customer. Our sales efforts involve significant
investment in resources in field sales, marketing and educating our customers about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our
products and services. Customers often undertake a prolonged evaluation process. As a result, it is difficult to predict exactly when,
or even if, we will make a sale to a potential customer or if we can increase sales to our existing customers. Large individual sales
have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. In addition, the fulfillment
of our customer contracts is partially dependent on other factors related to our customers businesses that are not in our control.
as with the sales cycle, this can also cause revenues and earnings to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. If our sales and/or contract
fulfillment cycles lengthen or our substantial upfront investments do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, our
operating results could be adversely affected. 

We
have experienced seasonal and end-of-quarter concentration of our transactions and variations in the number and size of transactions
that close in a particular quarter, which impacts our ability to grow revenue over the long term and plan and manage cash flows and other
aspects of our business and cost structure. Our transactions vary by quarter, with the fourth quarter typically being our largest. If
expectations for our business turn out to be inaccurate, our revenue growth may be adversely affected over time and we may not be able
to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis and our cash flows may suffer. 

22 

OUR
OPERATING MARGINS MAY DECLINE AS A RESULT OF INCREASING PRODUCT COSTS. 

Our
business is subject to significant pressure on pricing and costs caused by many factors, including competition, the cost of components
used in our products, labor costs, constrained sourcing capacity, inflationary pressure, pressure from customers to reduce the prices
we charge for our products and services, and changes in consumer demand. Costs for the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products
are affected by, among other things, energy prices, consumer demand, fluctuations in commodity prices and currency, and other factors
that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. Increases in the cost of raw materials used to manufacture our products or in
the cost of labor and other costs of doing business in the United States and internationally could have an adverse effect on, among other
things, the cost of our products, gross margins, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. 

OUR
SALES AND PROFITABLITY OF OPERATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES AND IN THE PRC ARE DEPENDANT ON THE PRICE OF OIL AND NATURAL GAS. 

Our
Waste Heat Recovery products and Waste Recovery products are dependent on the prices of traditional energy sources. Our products reuse
wasted heat and create electricity or reusable fuel. As the price of energy increases, the economic justification for our products increases.
At the same time, as the price for traditional fuel decreases, there is less incentive for customers to purchase our products and it
may impair our ability to sell our products. 

IF
THE SPOT PRICE OF LNG IN CHINA DROPS BELIOW THE PURCHASE PRICE OUR TRADERS NETOTIATE WITH OUR SUPPLIERS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL OUR
LNG OR MAY HAVE TO SELL IT AT A LOSS. 

Our
traders at JHJ purchase LNG at a fixed price in large volumes. If the spot prices for LNG drop below our purchase price, we may not be
able to sell our LNG to our customers or may have to sell the LNG at a substantial loss. We do not purchase a sufficient volume of LNG
to be able to hedge against price declines of this commodity. If we believe that LNG prices are too high and we are unable to purchase
because we believe that prices will drop, we will not have sufficient supply of LNG to conduct trading operations until the market pricing
returns to a level at which we can conduct operations. 

WE
MAY NOT HAVE SUFFICENT FUNDS TO CONDUCT OUR TRADING OPERATIONS IN THE PRC. 

We
are funding our trading operations through cash flow generated by JHJ and from funds provided by our parent. If we or JHJ does not have
sufficient funds, we may not be able to conduct trading operations. 

OUR
WASTE TO ENERGY PRODUCTS FROM ENEX HAVE NOT BEEN TESTED IN THE UNITED STATES AND DEPEND ON DATA OBTAINED FROM OPERATIONS IN THE UKRAINE
AND RUSSIA. 

ENEX s
HTAP 5 and 10 have not been installed in the United States. In order to commence sales, our purchasers will need to accept data from
Russia or the Ukraine that they may not deem reliable. As a result we may be required to post large bonds or find an EPC that will guarantee
performance of the ENEX systems. We cannot give any assurances that we will be able to finance the bonds or find an EPC willing to guaranty
performance. 

THE
IMPLEMENTAION OF OUR WASTE TO ENERGY JOINT VENTURES DEPENDS ON US FINDING FUNDING FO THE PROJECTS. 

In
order to implement the ENEX system in our waste to energy joint ventures, we will need to finance directly or obtain third party financing
for these projects. We cannot give any assurances that we will be able to directly finance these projects or be able to find a third
party to provide financing to them. If we are not able to finance the projects we will not be able to implement our business plan in
this sector. 

23 

PRC
REGULATION OF LOANS TO AND DIRECT INVESTMENT IN PRC ENTITIES BY OFFSHORE HOLDING COMPANIES AND GOVERNMENTAL CONTROL OF CURRENCY CONVERSION
MAY DELAY OR PREVENT US FROM MAKING LOANS OR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS TO OUR CHINESE SUBSIDIARIES. 

We
are an offshore holding company conducting a portion of our operations in China. We may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries to the approval,
registration, and filing with governmental authorities and limitation of amount, or we may make additional capital contributions to our
subsidiaries in China and Hong Kong. Any loans to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China, which are treated as foreign-invested
enterprises under PRC law, are subject to foreign exchange loan registrations 

In
light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals
or filings on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans by us to our Hong Kong or PRC subsidiaries or with respect to future
capital contributions by us to our Hong Kong or PRC subsidiaries. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals,
our ability to use the proceeds from this Underwritten Offering and to capitalize or otherwise fund our Chinese operations may be negatively
affected. 

FLUCTUATIONS
IN EXCHANGE RATES COULD HAVE A AN EFFECT ON THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF OUR HONG KONG AND CHINA SUBSIDIARIES. 

The
value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political
and economic conditions in China and by China s foreign exchange policies. Since June 2010, the Renminbi has fluctuated against
the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and unpredictably. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Renminbi has depreciated significantly
in the backdrop of a surging U.S. dollar and persistent capital outflows of China. This depreciation halted in 2017, and the RMB appreciated
approximately 7 against the U.S. dollar during this one-year period. With the development of the foreign exchange market and progress
towards interest rate liberalization and Renminbi internationalization, the PRC government may in the future announce further changes
to the exchange rate system, and we cannot assure you that the Renminbi will not appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against
the U.S. dollar in the future which may impact the profitability of our operations in China. 

PRC
REGULATIONS RELATING TO THE ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFSHORE SPECIAL PURPOSE COMPANIES BY PRC DOMESTIC RESIDENTS MAY SUBJECT OUR PRC RESIDENT
BENEFICIAL OWNERS TO PERSONAL LIABILITY, LIMIT OUR ABILITY TO INJECT CAPITAL INTO OUR PRC SUBSIDIARIES, LIMIT OUR SUBSIDIARIES 
ABILITY TO INCREASE THEIR REGISTERED CAPITAL OR DISTRIBUTE PROFITS TO US, OR MAY OTHERWISE ADVERSELY AFFECT US. 

SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents Offshore Investment and
Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former
circular commonly known as SAFE Circular 75 promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. SAFE Circular 37 (the SAFE
Notice requires PRC residents to register with local branches of SAFE regarding their direct establishment or indirect control
of an offshore entity, for overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents legally owned assets or equity interests
in domestic enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a special purpose vehicle (the
 SPV ). SAFE Circular 37 further requires amendment to the registration in the event of any significant changes with respect
to the special purpose vehicle, such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger,
division or other material event. Under the SAFE Notice, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth above could result
in liability under Chinese law for foreign exchange evasion and may result in penalties and legal sanctions, including fines, the imposition
of restrictions on a Chinese subsidiary s foreign exchange activities and its ability to distribute dividends to the SPV, its ability
to pay the SPV proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation in respect of the Chinese subsidiary and the SPV s
ability to contribute additional capital into or provide loans to the Chinese subsidiary. After consultation with China counsel, we do
not believe that any of our PRC domestic resident stockholders are subject to the SAFE registration requirement. However, we cannot provide
any assurances that all our stockholders who are PRC residents will not be required to make or obtain any applicable registrations or
approvals required by these SAFE regulations in the future. The failure or inability of our PRC resident stockholders to comply with
the registration procedures set forth therein may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict our cross-border investment activities,
or limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to distribute dividends or obtain foreign-exchange-dominated loans to our company. 

As
it is uncertain how the SAFE regulations will be interpreted or implemented, we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our
business operations or future strategy. For example, we may be subject to more stringent review and approval process with respect to
our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you
that we or the owners of such company will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations
required by the SAFE regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our
business and prospects. 

24 

WE
MAY NEED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL REQUIRED TO GROW OUR BUSINESS, AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RAISE CAPITAL ON TERMS ACCEPTABLE TO US
OR AT ALL. 

Growing
and operating our business will require significant cash outlays and capital expenditures and commitments. We have utilized cash on hand
and cash generated from operations as sources of liquidity. If cash on hand and cash generated from operations are not sufficient to
meet our cash requirements, we will need to seek additional capital, potentially through equity or debt financing, to fund our growth.
Our ability to access the credit and capital markets in the future as a source of liquidity, and the borrowing costs associated with
such financing, are dependent upon market conditions. 

In
addition, any equity securities we issue, including any preferred stock, may be on terms that are dilutive or potentially dilutive to
our stockholders, and the prices at which new investors would be willing to purchase our securities may be lower than the offering price
per share of our Common Stock. The holders of any equity securities we issue, including any preferred stock, may also have rights, preferences
or privileges which are senior to those of existing holders of Common Stock. If new sources of financing are required, but are insufficient
or unavailable, we will be required to modify our growth and operating plans based on available funding, if any, which would harm our
ability to grow our business. 

NATURAL
DISASTERS AND OTHER CATASTROPHIC EVENTS BEYOND OUR CONTROL COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. 

The
occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as fires, hurricanes, tornados, tsunamis, floods and earthquakes; geo-political events,
such as civil unrest in a country in which our suppliers are located or terrorist or military activities disrupting transportation, communication
or utility systems; or other highly disruptive events, such as nuclear accidents, pandemics, unusual weather conditions or cyber-attacks,
could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result, among other things, in operational disruptions,
physical damage to or destruction or disruption of one or more of our properties or properties used by third parties in connection with
the supply of products or services to us, the lack of an adequate workforce in parts or all of our operations and communications and
transportation disruptions. These factors could also cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility
in the United States and global financial markets and economy. Such occurrences could have a material adverse effect on us and could
also have indirect consequences such as increases in the costs of insurance if they result in significant loss of property or other insurable
damage. 

WE
HAVE ISSUED A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES WHICH IF CONVERTED WILL SUBSTANTIALLY DILUTE ALL OF OUR STOCKHOLDERS. 

We
have issued a substantial number of convertible securities which, if converted, would result in substantial dilution to our stockholders: 

Convertible Notes - and Approximate common share equivalents 
 3,216,678 
 
 Warrants and Common Stock equivalent s 
 730,507 
 
 Total Convertible Common Stock equivalents 
 3,947,185 

25 

OUR
ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL CAPITAL STOCK IN CONNECTION WITH FINANCINGS, ACQUISITIONS, INVESTMENTS, OUR EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS, OR OTHERWISE
WILL DILUTE ALL OTHER STOCKHOLDERS. 

We
expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity
awards to employees, directors, and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings
in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary companies, products, or technologies,
and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders
to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 

WE
MAY MAKE ACQUISITIONS THAT ARE DILUTIVE TO EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. IN ADDITION, OUR LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN ACQUIRING OTHER BUSINESSES,
PRODUCT LINES AND TECHNOLOGIES MAY MAKE IT DIFFICULT FOR US TO OVERCOME PROBLEMS ENCOUNTERED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACQUISITIONS WE MAY
UNDERTAKE. 

We
intend to evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they arise, including business combinations, strategic partnerships, and the
purchase, licensing or sale of assets. In connection with any such future transaction, we could issue dilutive equity securities, incur
substantial debt, reduce our cash reserves or assume contingent liabilities. 

Our
experience in acquiring other businesses, product lines and technologies is limited. Our inability to overcome problems encountered in
connection with any acquisitions could divert the attention of management, utilize scarce corporate resources and otherwise harm our
business. Any potential future acquisitions also involve numerous risks, including: 

problems
 assimilating the purchased operations, technologies or products; 

costs
 associated with the acquisition; 

adverse
 effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

risks
 associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience; 

potential
 loss of key employees of purchased organizations; and 

potential
 litigation arising from the acquired company s operations before the acquisition. 

Furthermore,
acquisitions may require material charges and could result in adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation, deferred compensation
charges, in-process research and development charges, the amortization of amounts related to deferred compensation and identifiable purchased
intangible assets or impairment of goodwill, any of which could negatively affect our results of operations. 

WE
MAY BE SUBJECT TO GOVERNMENT LAWS AND REGULATIONS PARTICULAR TO OUR OPERATIONS WITH WHICH WE MAY BE UNABLE TO COMPLY. 

We
may not be able to comply with all current and future government regulations which are applicable to our business. Our business operations
are subject to all government regulations normally incident to conducting business (e.g., occupational safety and health acts, workmen s
compensation statutes, unemployment insurance legislation, income tax, and social security laws and regulations, environmental laws and
regulations, consumer safety laws and regulations, etc.) as well as to governmental laws and regulations applicable to small public companies
and their capital formation efforts. Although we will make every effort to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we can provide
no assurance of our ability to do so, nor can we predict the effect of those regulations on our proposed business activities. Our failure
to comply with material regulatory requirements would likely have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business and could
result in our cessation of active business operations. 

COMPLIANCE
WITH CHANGING REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE WILL RESULT IN ADDITIONAL EXPENSES. 

Changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
related SEC regulations, have created uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with
accessing the public markets and public reporting. Our management team will need to invest significant management time and financial
resources to comply with both existing and evolving standards for public companies, which will lead to increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 

26 

OUR
REVENUE GROWTH RATE DEPENDS PRIMARILY ON OUR ABILITY TO EXECUTE OUR BUSINESS PLAN. 

We
may not be able to identify and maintain the necessary relationships within our industry. Our ability to execute our business plan also
depends on other factors, including the ability to: 

1.
Negotiate and maintain contracts and agreements with acceptable terms; 

 2.
Hire and train qualified personnel; 

 3.
Maintain marketing and development costs at affordable rates; and, 

 4.
Maintain an affordable labor force. 

OUR
OPERATING RESULTS AND SHARE PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE AND THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AFTER THIS OFFERING MAY DROP BELOW THE PRICE
YOU PAY. 

Our
quarterly operating results have in the past fluctuated and are likely to do so in the future. As a result, the trading price of the
shares of our common stock following this offering is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section
and elsewhere in this Offering Circular, these factors include: 

the
 success of competitive products or technologies; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, collaborations or capital commitments; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 

27 

the
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the
 level of expenses; 

changes
 in our backlog in a given period; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

variations
 in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

fluctuations
 in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

inconsistent
 trading volume levels of our shares; 

announcement
 or expectation of additional financing efforts; 

sales
 of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; 

market
 conditions in the clean energy sector; and 

general
 economic, industry and market conditions. 

These
and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price and demand for our shares
to fluctuate substantially. While we believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication
of future results, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares
and may otherwise negatively affect the market price and liquidity of our shares. In addition, the stock market in general, and companies
in our markets in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common
stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The realization of any of these risks or any of a broad range of other risks,
including those described in these Risk Factors, could have a dramatic and material adverse impact on the market price
of the shares of our common stock. 

WE
MAY BE SUBJECT TO SECURITIES LITIGATION, WHICH IS EXPENSIVE AND COULD DIVERT MANAGEMENT ATTENTION. 

The
market price of the shares of our common stock may be volatile, and in the past companies that have experienced volatility in the market
price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in
the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s attention from other
business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 2990 Redhill Unit A, Costa Mesa, CA. On March 10, 2016, the Company signed a lease agreement for
a 18,200-square foot CTU Industrial Building. Lease term is seven years and two months beginning July 1, 2017. In October of 2018 we
signed a sublease agreement with our facility in Italy with an indefinite term that may be terminated by either party with a 60-day notice
for 1,000 Euro per month. Due to the short termination clause, we are treating this as a month-to-month lease. Future minimum lease payments
for the years ending December 31, are: 

Year 
 Lease Payment 
 
 2023 
 191,903 

Our
lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 349,610. and 346,454, respectively, which also included common area
maintenance. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may be party to litigation matters occurring in the ordinary course of our business. As of the date of this Annual Report,
however, there are no material pending legal or governmental proceedings relating to our Company to which we are a party, and to our
knowledge there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, executive officers or affiliates are a party adverse to us
or which have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

28 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Bid
and ask quotations for our common shares are routinely submitted by registered broker dealers who are members of the National Association
of Securities Dealers on the NASD Over-the-Counter Electronic Bulletin Board. These quotations reflect inner-dealer prices, without retail
mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The high and low bid information for our shares for each
quarter for the last two years, so far as information is reported, through the year ended December 31, 2022, as reported by the OTC Markets,
are as follows: 

2021 FISCAL YEAR 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 6.40 
 1.80 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.44 
 2.32 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.56 
 1.64 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.96 
 0.80 

2022 FISCAL YEAR 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 2.39 
 0.89 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.59 
 0.81 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.16 
 0.81 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.11 
 0.96 

Record
Holders 

As
of April 14, 2023 there were 38,495,453 shares of the registrant s 0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding and were owned
by approximately 3,000 holders of record, based on information provided by our transfer agent. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared a cash dividend on our common stock and our Board of Directors does not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will
depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, restrictions contained in our agreements and other factors
which our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

29 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
February 5, 2021 we issued 75,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 3.2 per share, in exchange for the conversion of 1,200 shares
of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
February 9, 2021 we issued 56,892 shares of our common stock share, in exchange for the conversion of 182,052 of accrued dividend for
the series D Preferred Stock. 

On
March 12, 2021 we issued 40,625 shares and 51,715 of our common stock at a price of 3.2 per share, in exchange for the conversion of
650 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock and 165,487 of accrued dividend for the series D preferred stock. 

On
June 28, 2021 MGW I converted 75,000 from the outstanding balance of their convertible note into 625,000 shares of company s common
stock. 

On
September 2, 2021 the company issued 28,561 as inducement shares. To GHS Investment for the equity line of credit at 1.9 per share. 

On
September 13, 2021 the company issued 27,516 as issuance correction. To GHS Investment for the equity line of credit at 1.9 per share. 

On
December 31, 2021 we issued 245,844 shares of our common stock under our Reg A offering at 3.2 per share. These shares are unrestricted
and free trading. 

On
February 21, 2022, we issued 375,875 shares of our common stock under our Reg A offering at 3.2 per share. These shares are unrestricted
and free trading. 

On
September 21, 2022 MGW I converted 1,548,904 from the outstanding balance of their convertible note into 12,907,534 shares of company s
common stock. 

On
December 28, 2022, we issued 100,446 shares of common stock upon the exercise of the cashless warrant that the Company issued to Mast
Hill on May 6, 2022. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. We reserve the right not to provide the Selected Financial Data in our future filings. 

30 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read this section together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) contains forward-looking statements
that involve known and unknown risks, significant uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed,
or implied, by those forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of the words may, will, should,
could, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, intends, potential, proposed, or continue or the negative of those
terms. These statements are only predictions. In evaluating these statements, you should consider various factors which may cause our
actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the exceptions reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Therefore, actual results
may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update
publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

Company
Information 

We
were incorporated in California in July 1995 under the name Probe Manufacturing Industries, Inc. We redomiciled to Nevada in April 2005
under the name Probe Manufacturing, Inc. We manufactured electronics and provided services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs)
of industrial, automotive, semiconductor, medical, communication, military, and high technology products. On September 11, 2015 Clean
Energy HRS, or CE HRS , our wholly owned subsidiary acquired the assets of Heat Recovery Solutions from General Electric
International. In November 2015, we changed our name to Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 2990 Redhill Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626. Our telephone number is (949) 273-4990. Our common
stock is listed on the NASDAQ Markets under the symbol CETY. 

Our
internet website address is www.cetyinc.com and our subsidiary s web site is www.heatrecoverysolutions.com The information
contained on our websites are not incorporated by reference into this document, and you should not consider any information contained
on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this document. 

The
Company has four reportable segments: Clean Energy HRS (HRS), CETY Europe, and the legacy electronic manufacturing services (Electronic
Assembly) division and CETY HK. 

We
specialize in renewable energy energy efficiency systems design, manufacturing and project implementation. We were incorporated
in California in July 1995 under the name Probe Manufacturing Industries, Inc. We redomiciled to Nevada in April 2005 under the name
Probe Manufacturing, Inc. We provided engineering and manufacturing electronics services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of
clean energy, industrial, automotive, semiconductor, medical, communication, military, and high technology products. 

With
the vision to combat climate change and creating a better, cleaner and environmentally sustainable future, we formed Clean Energy HRS,
LLC a wholly owned subsidiary of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and acquired the assets of Heat Recovery Solutions from General Electric
International on September 11, 2015. In November 2015, we changed our name to Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Our principal executive
offices are located at 2990 Redhill Avenue, Costa Mesa, CA 92626. We have 12 full time employees. All employees and overhead are shared
between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (which still provides the contract electronic manufacturing services) and Clean Energy HRS, LLC. 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. established a new company CETY Europe, SRL (CETY Europe) as a wholly owned subsidiary. CETY Europe is a Sales
and Service Center in Silea (Treviso), Italy established in 2017. The service center became operational in November 2018. Their offices
are located at Alzaia Sul Sile, 26D, 31057 Silea (TV) and the have 1 full time employee. 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. established a wholly owned subsidiary called CETY Capital, a financing arm of CETY to fund captive renewable
energy projects producing low carbon energy. CETY Capital will add flexibility to the capacity CETY offers its customers and fund projects
utilizing its products and clean energy solutions. 

CETY
Capital retains 49 ownership interest in Vermont Renewable Gas LLC established to develop a biomass plant in Vermont utilizing CETY s
High Temperature Ablative Pyrolysis system. 

Clean
Energy Technologies (H.K.) Limited., a wholly owned subsidiary of Clean Energy Technologies Inc. acquired 100 ownership of Leading Wave
Limited a liquid natural gas trading company in China. 

The
Company has four reportable segments: Clean Energy HRS (HRS) and CETY Europe, CETY Renewables, CETY HK and the legacy engineering and
manufacturing services division. 

Business
Overview 

General 

The
Company s business and operating results are directly affected by changes in overall customer demand, operational costs and performance
and leverage of our fixed cost and selling, general and administrative SG A infrastructure. 

Product
sales fluctuate in response to several factors including many that are beyond the Company s control, such as general economic conditions,
interest rates, government regulations, consumer spending, labor availability, and our customers production rates and inventory
levels. Product sales consist of demand from customers in many different markets with different levels of cyclicality and seasonality. 

31 

Operating
performance is dependent on the Company s ability to manage changes in input costs for items such as raw materials, labor, and
overhead operating costs. Performance is also affected by manufacturing efficiencies, including items such as on time delivery, quality,
scrap, and productivity. Market factors of supply and demand can impact operating costs 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was reported in Wuhan, China and has spread throughout the United States and
the rest of the world. The World Health Organization has declared the outbreak to constitute a Public Health Emergency of International
Concern. This contagious disease outbreak, which has not been contained, and is disrupting supply chains and affecting production
and sales across a range of industries in United States and other companies as a result of quarantines, facility closures, and travel
and logistics restrictions in connection with the outbreak, as well as the worldwide adverse effect to workforces, economies and financial
markets, leading to a global economic downturn. Therefore, the Company expects this matter to negatively impact its operating results.
However, the related financial impact and duration cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

Who
We Are 

We
develop renewable energy products and solutions and establish partnerships in renewable energy that make environmental and economic sense.
Our mission is to be a segment leader in the Zero Emission Revolution by offering recyclable energy solutions, clean energy fuels and
alternative electric power for small and mid-sized projects in North America, Europe, and Asia. We target sustainable energy solutions
that are profitable for us, profitable for our customers and represent the future of global energy production. 

Our
principal businesses 

Waste
Heat Recovery Solutions we recycle wasted heat produced in manufacturing, waste to energy and power generation facilities
using our patented Clean Cycle TM generator to create electricity which can be recycled or sold to the grid. 

Waste
to Energy Solutions - we convert waste products created in manufacturing, agriculture, wastewater treatment plants and other industries
to electricity, renewable natural gas RNG ), hydrogen and bio char which are sold or used by our customers. 

Engineering,
Consulting and Project Management Solutions we bring a wealth of experience in developing clean energy projects for municipal
and industrial customers and Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) companies so they can identify, design and incorporate clean
energy solutions in their projects. 

CETY
HK 

Clean
Energy Technologies (H.K.) Limited CETY HK consists of two business ventures in mainland China:(i) our natural gas NG trading operations sourcing and suppling NG to industries and municipalities. The NG is principally used for heavy truck refueling stations
and urban or industrial users. We purchase large quantities of NG from large wholesale NG depots at fixed prices which are prepaid for
in advance at a discount to market. We sell the NG to our customers at prevailing daily spot prices for the duration of the contracts;
and (ii) our planned joint venture with a large state-owned gas enterprise in China called Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International Co.
Ltd. Shenzhen Gas ), acquiring natural gas pipeline operator facilities, primarily located in the southwestern part of
China. Our planned joint venture with Shenzhen Gas plans to acquire, with financing from Shenzhen Gas, natural gas pipeline operator
facilities with the goal of aggregating and selling the facilities to Shenzhen Gas in the future. According to our Framework Agreement
with Shenzhen Gas, we will be required to contribute 8 million to the joint venture which plans to raise in future rounds of financing.
The terms of the joint venture are subject to the execution of definitive agreements. 

Business
and Segment Information 

We
design, produce and market clean energy products and integrated solutions focused on energy efficiency and renewable energy. Our aim
is to become a leading provider of renewable and energy efficiency products and solutions by helping commercial companies and municipalities
reduce energy waste and emissions, lower energy costs and generate incremental revenue by providing electricity, renewable natural gas
and biochar to the grid. 

Segment
Information 

Our
four segments for accounting purposes are: 

Clean
Energy HRS (HRS) which engages in engineering, manufacturing and installing waste heat recovery solutions incorporating
our Clean Cycle Generator. 

CETY
Europe our subsidiary established in Italy for the purposes of servicing our customers in the EU that we are required
to report as a separate accounting entity. 

Engineering
and Manufacturing Business our legacy electronics manufacturing business that do not contribute significantly to our
revenues or business plan that we are required to report as a separate accounting entity. 

CETY
HK which is the parent company of our NG trading operations in China that source and supply NG and our planned joint
venture to acquire NG distribution systems depots and transmission systems. Prior to the first quarter of 2022, the Company had three
reportable segments but added the CETY HK segment to reflect its recent new businesses in China. 

32 

Summary
of Operating Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Going
Concern 

The
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets
and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had a total stockholder s equity of 1,878,196 and
a working capital deficit of 2,245,996 and an accumulated deficit of 17,276,536 as of December 31, 2022 and used 2,244,133 in net
cash from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Therefore, there is doubt about the ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve its goals and reach profitable operations and is still dependent
upon its ability (1) to obtain sufficient debt and/or equity capital and/or (2) to generate positive cash flow from operations. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net profit of 147,395 compared to a 297,551 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in
the net profit in 2022 was mainly due to the change in change in derivative liability. 

See
note 2 to the notes to the financial statements for a discussion on critical accounting policies 

RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

See
note 13 to the notes to the financial statements for a discussion on related party transaction 

Results
for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
Sales 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our total revenue was 2,663,212 compared to 1,300,439 for the same period in 2021. The Company has
four reportable segments: Clean Energy HRS (HRS), CETY Europe and the legacy engineering manufacturing services division, CETY
Hong Kong 

Segment
breakdown 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue from Engineering and Manufacturing was 203,078 compared to 93,371 for the same period
in 2021. The increase was mainly due to increase in business from legacy business. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue from HRS was 488,453 compared to 1,014,707 for the same period in 2021. The decrease
in revenue was due to slow down in Supply Chain. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue from CETY Europe was 81,242.compared to 192,361 for the same period in 2021. The decrease
in 2022 was due to lack of revenue from equipment sales. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our revenue from CETY HK was 1,890,439. 

We
had no revenue from CETY HK in 2021. 

Gross
Profit 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross profits increased to 1,174,196 from 610,407 for the same period in 2021. Our gross profits
could vary from period to period and is affected by several factors, including, production and supply change efficiencies, material costs,
logistics and increase in personnel. The increase of our gross profit was due to the additional revenue from our newly formed CETY HK. 

33 

Segment
breakdown 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross profit from Engineering and Manufacturing was 124,437 compared (90,328) for the same period
in 2021. This increase in 2022 was due to higher revenue from the engineering and manufacturing business. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross profit from HRS was 361,914 compared to 547,812 for the same period in 2021, the decrease
was due to lower revenue. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our gross profit from CETY Europe was 68,399 compared to 152,923 for the same period in 2021, the
decrease was due to lower revenue. 

For
the year ended December 31,2022, our gross profit from CETY HK was 619,446, we had no revenue from CETY HK in 2021. 

Selling,
General and Administrative (SG A) Expenses 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our SG A expense was 380,322 compared to 488,177 for the same period in 2021. The lower SG A
was due to lower repair charges. 

Salaries
Expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Salaries expense was 782,657 compared to 772,463 for the same period in 2021. 

Travel
Expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our travel expense was 166,025 compared to 145,170 for the same period in 2021. The increase was
due to additional site assessment surveys of multiple facilities in Europe and global commissioning. 

Facility
Lease Expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Facility Lease expense was 349,610 compared to 346,454 for the same period in 2021. This increase
was due to the increase as a result of the original contractual agreement in our Costa Mesa facility Lease. 

Consulting
Expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our consulting expense was 119,896 compared to 243,371 for the same period in 2021. This decrease
was due to lower engineering services. 

Bad
Debt 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our bad debt expense was 0 compared to 0 for the same period in 2021.. 

Depreciation
and Amortization Expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our depreciation and amortization expense was 30,076 compared to 32,292 for the same period in 2021. 

34 

Professional
fees Expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our Professional fees expense was 315,361 compared to 155,241 for the same period in 2021. The increase
in legal fees was due to higher expenses related to a proposed IPO and up listing to NASDAQ. 

Net
(Loss) from operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, our net loss from operations was 989,751 compared to net loss from operations of 1,572,760 for the
same period in 2021. The decrease in the loss in 2022 was mainly due to higher revenue as a a result of CETY HK incremental revenue. 

Change
in Derivative Liability 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a loss on derivative liability of 331,495 compared to a gain of 1,752,119 for the same period
in 2021. The loss in 2022 was as a result of additional bridge loan financing. 

Gain
on debt settlement and write off 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a gain on debt settlement of 2,556,916 from the GE note write off compared to 868,502
for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to several liabilities statute of limitations had expired. 

Interest
and Finance Fees 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 interest and finance fees were 1,125,395 compared to 769,369 for the same period in 2021. The increase
was mainly due to increase in additional bridge financing and associated. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Cash provided / (Used) In Operating Activities 
 (2,244,133 
 (2,552,548 
 
 Cash Flows Used In Investing Activities 
 (1,437,123 
 (1,500,000 
 
 Cash Flows Provided / (used) By Financing Activities 
 2,798,885 
 4,829,978 
 
 Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (1,043,043 
 777,430 

35 

Capital
Requirements for long-term Obligations 

None. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. 

We
regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these
policies is included in the notes to our financial statements. In general, management s estimates are based on historical experience,
on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and
circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Future
Financing 

We
will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional
shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity
securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund planned acquisitions and exploration activities. 

Off-balance
Sheet Arrangement 

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that are material to stockholders. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB or other standard
setting bodies that are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe that the impact of recently
issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations
upon adoption. 

Item
7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

36 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. 

CLEAN
ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 

 FINANCIAL
STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID NO. 
 38 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 40 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 41 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 43 
 
 Footnotes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 

37 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has an accumulated
deficit, a working capital deficit and negative cash flows from operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in
Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

38 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue Recognition 

Description of the Critical Audit Matter As discussed in Note 2
to the consolidated financial statements, revenue from contracts is recognized in the period during which the performance
obligations are satisfied, provided that the applicable conditions under the related contracts have been met. 

The related audit effort in evaluating
management's judgments in determining revenue recognition for these agreements was extensive and required a high degree of auditor
judgment. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to evaluating the Company s
accounting for revenue recognized from these revenue agreements, among others: 

Analyzing the pattern of delivery (i.e., timing of when revenue is recognized)
for each distinct performance obligation. 
 
 Reviewing the treatment of contract terms that impact the timing and amount
of revenue recognized. 
 
 Evaluating the transactions prices allocated to each performance obligation.
 
 Testing the accuracy and completeness of management s calculations based on supporting data and audit evidence. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

April 17, 2023 

39 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheet 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable - net 

Lease receivable asset 

Advance to Supplier - Prepayment 

Deferred Offering Costs 

- 

Investment Heze Hongyuan Natural Gas co. 

- 

Loan Receivables 

- 

Inventory 

Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment - Net 

Goodwill 

LWL Intangibles 

Long Term Investment - Shuya 

- 

Long-term financing receivables - net 

License 

Patents 

Right of use asset - long term 

Other Assets 

Total Non Current assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued Expenses 

Customer Deposits 

Warranty Liability 

Deferred Revenue 

Derivative Liability 

Facility Lease Liability - current 

Line of Credit 

Notes payable - GE 

Convertible Notes Payable (net of discount of and respectively) 

Related Party Notes Payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Debt: 

Related Party Notes Payable (net of discount of and Respectively 

Notes payable - PPL 

- 

Facility Lease Liability - long term 

Net Long-Term Debt 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 
 - 

Stockholders (Deficit) 

Preferred D stock, stated value per share; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 respectively 

- 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively 

Shares to be issued 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensible Income 

Accumulated deficit 

) 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

) 

Non-controlling interest 

) 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) 

) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements 

40 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Operations 

 for
the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Sales 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

General and Administrative 

General and Administrative expense 

Salaries 

Travel 

Professional Fees 

Facility lease and Maintenance 

Consulting 

Bad Debt Expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 

Total Expenses 

Net Profit / (Loss) From Operations 

Other Income 

Change in derivative liability 

Gain / (Loss) on debt settlement and write down 

Interest and Financing fees 

Net Profit / (Loss) Before Income Taxes 

Income Tax Expense 
 
 - 
 
 Net Profit / (Loss) 

Non-controlling interest 

Net Profit / (Loss) attributable to Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 

Other Comprehensive Item 

Foreign Currency Translation Gain 

Total Comprehensible Income / (Loss) 

Per Share Information: 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Net Profit / (Loss) per common share basic and diluted 

Per Share Information: 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding and diluted 

Net Profit / (Loss) per common share basic and diluted 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements 

41 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity 

 December
31, 2022 

Common
 Stock 
 .001
 Par 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common 
 Stock 
 to
 be 
 issued 
 Additional 
 Paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 

Accumulated 
 Non 
 Controlling 
 Stock
 holders 
 Deficit 
 
 Description 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Totals 

December
 31, 2020 

- 

- 

Balance 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for warrant conversion 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for acccrued dividend 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Conversion
 of Preferred Series D 

- 

- 
 
 Inducement
 Shares 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares
 issued for correction 

- 
 - 
 
 Shares
 for Conversion 

- 

Shares
 issued for Reg A offering 

- 

Shares
 issued for S1 

- 

Shares
 issued for cash 

- 
 - 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for Reg A 

- 
 
 Net
 Loss 

- 

December
 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance 

- 
 - 
 - 

- 

Warrants
 issued in conjunction for debt 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for Reg A Offering 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued MGW Note Conversion 

- 

- 

Contribution
 to Capital 

Shares
 for Mast Conversion 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for S1 

- 

- 

Accumulated
 Comprehensive 

() 
 
 - 

Net
 Loss 

- 
 - 

- 

December
 31,2022 

- 
 - 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 
 - 

() 
 
 - 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements 

42 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 for
the years ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net
 Income / Loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Attributable loss per equity method Shuya 

Bad
 debt expense 
 
 - 
 
 Gain
 on debt settlement 

Shares
 issued for commitment fee 

Amortization
Debt Discount debt discount 

Financing Fees 

Change
 in derivative liability 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase)
 decrease in right of use asset 

Deferred offering expense 

(Increase)
 decrease in lease liability 

(Increase)
 decrease in accounts receivable 

Accrued Interest 

Interest receivable 

Changes in prepayments 

Other assets 

(Increase)
 decrease in inventory 

(Decrease)
 increase in accounts payable 

Other
 (Decrease) increase in accrued expenses 

Other
 (Decrease) increase in accrued expenses related party 

Other
 (Decrease) increase in deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 (Decrease) increase in customer deposits 

Net
 Cash Provided by (Used In) Operating Activities 

Cash
 Flows from Investing Activities 

Investment
 in CETY HK 

Investment in Heze Hongyuan 

Loan recivables 

Purchase Propert Plant 
 - 
 - 
 
 Investment
 in Shuya 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 Flows Used In Investing Activities 

Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities 

Bank
 Overdraft / (Repayment) 
 
 - 
 
 Payment
 on lines of credit 

Payment
 on notes payable related party 

Proceeds
 from notes payable and lines of credit 

Proceeds
 from notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on notes payable 

Stock
 issued for cash 

Cash
 Flows Provided By Financing Activities 

Foreign
 Currency Transaction 

Net
 (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 

Supplemental
 Cashflow Information: 

Interest
 Paid 

Taxes
 Paid 
 
 - 

Supplemental
 Non-Cash Disclosure 

Discount
 on derivatives 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued for warrants 

Shares
 issued for preferred conversions 
 - 

Shares
 issued for debt conversion conversions 

Forgiveness debt 

The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements 

43 

Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

and
a working capital deficit of and an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022 and used in net
cash from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve its goals and reach profitable operations and
is still dependent upon its ability (1) to obtain sufficient debt and/or equity capital and/or (2) to generate positive cash flow from
operations. 

Plan
of Operation 

We
develop renewable energy products and solutions and establish partnerships in renewable energy that make environmental and economic sense.
Our mission is to be a segment leader in the Zero Emission Revolution by offering recyclable energy solutions, clean energy fuels and
alternative electric power for small and mid-sized projects in North America, Europe, and Asia. We target sustainable energy solutions
that are profitable for us, profitable for our customers and represent the future of global energy production. 

Our
principal businesses 

Waste
Heat Recovery Solutions we recycle wasted heat produced in manufacturing, waste to energy and power generation facilities
using our patented Clean Cycle TM generator to create electricity which can be recycled or sold to the grid. 

Waste
to Energy Solutions - we convert waste products created in manufacturing, agriculture, wastewater treatment plants and other industries
to electricity, renewable natural gas RNG ), hydrogen and bio char which are sold or used by our customers. 

Engineering,
Consulting and Project Management Solutions We have expanded our legacy electronics
and manufacturing business and plan to manufacture component parts for our Waste Heat Recovery and Waste to Energy business and to provide
consulting services to municipal and industrial customers and Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) companies so they can identify,
design and incorporate clean energy solutions in their projects. 

CETY
HK 

CETY
HK consists of two business ventures in mainland China:(i) our LNG trading operations sourcing and suppling LNG to industries and municipalities.
The LNG is principally used for heavy truck refueling stations and urban or industrial users in areas that do not have a connection to
local LNG pipeline systems. We purchase large quantities of LNG from large wholesale LNG depots at fixed prices which are prepaid for
in advance at a discount to market. We sell the LNG to our customers at prevailing daily spot prices for the duration of the contracts;
and (ii) our planned joint venture with Shenzhen Gas, acquiring natural gas pipeline operator facilities, each primarily located in the
southern part of Sichuan Province and portions of Yunnan Province. Our planned joint venture with Shenzhen Gas plans to acquire, with
financing from Shenzhen Gas, natural gas pipeline operator facilities with the goal of aggregating and selling the facilities to Shenzhen
Gas in the future. According to our Framework Agreement with Shenzhen Gas, we will be required to contribute million to the joint
venture. The terms of the joint venture are subject to the execution of definitive agreements. 

, (which we may exceed from time to time) per commercial bank. For purposes of the statement of cash
flows we consider all cash and highly liquid investments with initial maturities of one year or less to be cash equivalents. 

and . Our policy for reserves for our long-term financing receivables
is determined on a contract-by-contract basis and takes into account the length of the financing arrangement. As of December 31, 2022,
and December 31, 2021, we had a reserve for potentially un-collectable long-term financing receivables of and respectively. 

Four
(4) customers accounted for approximately of accounts receivable on Decemeber 31, 2022. Our trade accounts primarily represent unsecured
receivables. Historically, our bad debt write-offs related to these trade accounts have been insignificant 

, however due
the purchase price allocation, we recognized a value of . The lease is due to be commissioned in the third quarter of 2023 and
will generate approximately per month for 120 months. See note 3 for additional information. 

. 

to years 
 
 Equipment 
 to years 
 
 Leasehold Improvements 
 years 

Performance
Obligations Satisfied at a Point in Time 

FASB
ASC 606-10-25-30 

If
a performance obligation is not satisfied over time, the performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time. To determine the point
in time at which a customer obtains control of a promised asset and the entity satisfies a performance obligation, the entity should
consider the guidance on control in FASB ASC 606-10-25-23 through 25-26. In addition, it should consider indicators of the transfer of
control, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

a.
The entity has a present right to payment for the asset 

 b.
The customer has legal title to the asset 

 c.
The entity has transferred physical possession of the asset 

 d.
The customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset 

 e.
The customer has accepted the asset 

A
principal obtains control over any one of the following (ASC 606-10-55-37A): 

a. 
 A good or another asset
 from the other party which the entity then transfers to the customer. Note that momentary control before transfer to the customer
 may not qualify. 

b. 
 A right to a service to
 be performed by the other party, which gives the entity the ability to direct that party to provide the service to the customer on
 the entity s behalf. 

c. 
 A good or service from
 the other party that it then combines with other goods or services in providing the specified good or service to the customer. 

If
the entity obtains control over one of the above before the good or service is transferred to a customer, the entity could be considered
a principal. 

The
core principle of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the Company will collect the consideration
it is entitled to in exchange for the goods and services transferred to the customer. In addition a) the company also does not have an
alternative use for the asset if the customer were to cancel the contract, and b.) has a fully enforceable right to receive payment for
work performed (i.e., customers are required to pay as various milestones and/or timeframes are met) 

The
following five steps are applied to achieve that core principle for our HRS and Cety Europe Divisions: 

Identify the contract with
 the customer 

Identify the performance
 obligations in the contract 

Determine the transaction
 price 

Allocate the transaction
 price to the performance obligations in the contract 

Recognize revenue when
 the company satisfies a performance obligation 

The
following steps are applied to our legacy engineering and manufacturing division: 

We generate a quotation 

We receive Purchase orders
 from our customers. 

We build the product to
 their specification 

We invoice at the time
 of shipment 

The terms are typically
 Net 30 days 

The
following step is applied to our CETY HK business unit: 

CETY HK is primarily responsible for fulfilling the
 contract / promise to provide the specified good or service. 

Also,
from time to time our contracts state that the customer is not obligated to pay a final payment until the units are commissioned, i.e.
a final payment of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 we had and of deferred revenue, which is expected to be recognized
in the third quarter of year 2023. 

Also
from time to time we require upfront deposits from our customers based on the contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding
customer deposits of and respectively. 

and using a risk free interest rate of 

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash, prepaid expenses, inventory, accounts payable, convertible notes payable, advances
from related parties, and derivative liabilities. The estimated fair value of cash, prepaid expenses, investments, accounts payable,
convertible notes payable and advances from related parties approximate their carrying amounts due to the short-term nature of these
instruments. 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

Fair value of convertible notes derivative liability December 31, 2021 

Fair value of convertible notes derivative liability 

The
carrying amount of accounts payable and accrued expenses are considered to be representative of their respective fair values because
of the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

million million) with
latest contribution due date in February 2066 into Sichuan Hongzuo Shuya Energy Limited Shuya ), JHK owns of Shuya.
In August 2022, JHJ purchased ownership of Sichuan Shunengwei Energy Technology Limited SSET for , who owns 
of Shuya; Shunengwei is a holding company and did not have any operations nor made any capital contribution into Shuya as of the ownership
purchase date by JHJ; Right after the ownership purchase of SSET, JHJ ultimately owns of Shuya. 

Shuya
was setup as the operating entity for pipeline natural gas (PNG) and compressed natural gas (CNG) trading business, while the other two
shareholders of Shuaya have large supply relationships. 

The
Company has determined that Shuya is not a VIE and has evaluated its consolidation analysis under the voting interest model. Because
the Company does not own greater than 50 of the outstanding voting shares, either directly or indirectly, it has accounted for its investment
in Shuya under the equity method of accounting. Under this method, the investor JHJ recognizes its share of the profits
and losses of the investee Shuya in the periods when these profits and losses are also reflected in the accounts of the
investee. Any profit or loss recognized by the investing entity appears in its income statement. Also, any recognized profit increases
the investment recorded by the investing entity, while a recognized loss decreases the investment. 

JHJ
made a invetsment of RMB 
million 
million) into Shuya during the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 recorded in accordance with ASC 323. Shuya had a net loss of approximately 
during the year ending December 31, 2022, of which approximately 
was allocated to the company, reducing the investment by that amount. 

used in the calculation of basic earnings per share. Basic Weighted average common shares and
equivalents at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had convertible notes,
convertible into approximately of additional common shares, and common stock warrants. Fully diluted
weighted average common shares and equivalents were as of December 31, 2022 and were withheld from the calculation as they
were considered anti-dilutive for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

amounts of research and development R D expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

reportable segments: Clean Energy HRS (HRS), CETY Europe and the legacy
electronic manufacturing services division and CETY HK. The segments are determined based on several factors, including the nature of
products and services, the nature of production processes, customer base, delivery channels and similar economic characteristics. Refer
to note 1 for a description of the various product categories manufactured under each of these segments. 

An
operating segment s performance is evaluated based on its pre-tax operating contribution, or segment income. Segment income is
defined as net sales less cost of sales, and segment selling, general and administrative expenses, and does not include amortization
of intangibles, stock-based compensation, other charges (income), net and interest and other, net. 

CETY HK 
 
 - 
 
 Clean Energy HRS 

Cety Europe 

Total Sales 

Segment income and reconciliation before tax 

Manufacturing and Engineering 

CETY HK 
 
 - 
 
 Clean Energy HRS 

Cety Europe 

Total Segment income 

Reconciling items 

General and Administrative expense 

Salaries 

Travel 

Professional Fees 

Facility lease and Maintenance 

Consulting 

Bad Debt Expense 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 

Change in derivative liability 

Gain / (Loss) on debt settlement and write down 

Interest and Financing fees 

Other income 

Net Loss before income tax 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Total Assets 

Manufacturing and Engineering 

Clean Energy HRS 

Cety Europe 

Total Assets 

in share-based expense, due to the issuance of common stock.
As of December 31, 2022, we had no further non-vested expense to be recognized. 

and an estimated state of California rate of 9 . 

Income
taxes are provided based upon the liability method of accounting pursuant to ASC 740-10-25 Income Taxes Recognition. Under
this approach, deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis
of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end. A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred
tax assets if management does not believe the Company has met the more likely than not standard required by ASC 740-10-25-5. 

Deferred
income tax amounts reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting purposes. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a net operating loss carry-forward of approximately and a deferred tax asset of 
using the statutory rate of . The deferred tax asset may be recognized in future periods, not to exceed 20 years. However, due to
the uncertainty of future events we have booked valuation allowance of ). FASB ASC 740 prescribes recognition threshold and
measurement attributes for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. FASB ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure and transition. At December 31, 2022 the Company had not taken any tax positions that would require disclosure under FASB
ASC 740. 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred Tax Asset (Net) 
 - 
 - 

On
February 13, 2018, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant or Corporation entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement Stock Purchase Agreement by and between MGW Investment I Limited MGWI and the Corporation. The Corporation received in exchange for the issuance of restricted shares of the Corporation s
common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). 

On
February 13,2018 the Corporation and Confections Ventures Limited. CVL entered into a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement
(the Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, together with the Stock Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereunder, the Financing pursuant to which the Corporation issued to CVL a convertible promissory Note (the CVL
Note in the principal amount of with an interest rate of per annum interest rate and a maturity date of February
13, 2020. The CVL Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock at per share, as adjusted as provided therein. This note was
assigned to MGW Investments. 

This
resulted in a change in control, which limited the net operating to that date forward. We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and the
states of California. Further, the Company currently has no open tax years subject to audit prior to . The Company
is current on its federal and state tax returns. 

of deferred stock issuance costs were capitalized and will be recognized upon the funding of the offering during
the Q1 of 2023. 

Less reserve for uncollectable accounts 

Total 

T he
Company is currently modifying the assets subject to lease to meet the provisions of the agreement, and as of December 31, 2022 any collection
on the lease payments was not yet considered probable, resulting in no derecognition of the underlying asset and no net lease investments
recognized on the sales-type lease pursuant to ASC 842-30-25-3. 

Less Reserve for uncollectable accounts 

Long-term financing receivables - net 

On
a contract by contract basis or in response to certain situations or installation difficulties, the Company may elect to allow non-interest
bearing repayments in excess of 1 year. 

Our
long term financing Receivable are pledged to Nations Interbanc, our line of credit. 

Less reserve for uncollectable accounts 

Total 

Our
Inventory is pledged to Nations Interbanc, our line of credit. 

Leasehold Improvements 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Fixed Assets 

Our
Depreciation Expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

Our
Property Plant and Equipment is pledged to Nations Interbanc, our line of credit. 

LWL Intangibles 

License 

Patents 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Fixed Assets 

Our
Amortization Expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

Based
on the foregoing analysis of the facts surrounding the Company s acquisition of LWL, it is the Company s position that the
Company is the acquirer of LWL, under the acquisition method of accounting. 

As
such, as of November 8, 2021 (the acquisition date), the Company recognized, separately from goodwill, the identifiable assets acquired
and the liabilities assumed in the Business combination. 

Total purchaser consideration 

Assets acquired: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepayment 

Other receivable 

Trading Contracts 

Shenzhen Gas Relationship 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed: 

Advance Receipts 

Taxes Payable 

Net Assets Acquired: 

. Under this convertible note, JHJ lent RMB 
million) to Rongjun with annual interest rate of ,
calculated from the Issuance Date until all outstanding interest and principal is paid in full. The Borrower may pre-pay principal
or interest on this Note at any time prior to the maturity date, without penalty. JHJ has the right to convert this note directly or
indirectly into shares or equity interest of Heze Hongyuan Natural Gas Co., Ltd Heze equal to 
of Heze s outstanding Equity Interest. Rongjun owns 
of Heze. During the year end December 31, 2022, JHJ recorded 
interest income from this note. 

Accrued Interest and other 

Accrued Interest and other 

per month. It is secured by the assets of the Company. In addition,
it is personally guaranteed by Kambiz Mahdi, our Chief Executive Officer. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance was 
compared to at December 31, 2021. 

On
April 1, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the purchase order financing agreement with DHN Capital, LLC dba Nations Interbanc. Nations
Interbanc has lowered the accrued fees balance by as well as the accrual rate to per 30 days. As a result, CETY has
agreed to remit a minimum monthly payment of by the final calendar day of each month. 

On
September 11, 2015, our CE HRS subsidiary issued a promissory note in the initial principal amount and assumed a pension liability
of , for a total liability of , in connection with our acquisition of the heat recovery solutions, or HRS, assets of
General Electric International, Inc., a Delaware corporation GEII ), including intellectual property, patents, trademarks,
machinery, equipment, tooling and fixtures. The note bears interest at the rate of per annum. The note is payable on the following
schedule: in principal on December 31, 2015 and (b) thereafter, the remaining principal amount of 1,200,000, together with
interest thereon, payable in equal quarterly instalments of principal and interest of 157,609, commencing on December 31, 2016 and continuing
until December 31, 2019, at which time the remaining unpaid principal amount of this note and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
shall be due and payable in full. CETY stopped making payments and informed GE that it had encountered difficulties because of the valuations
of the assets that were acquired from GE. Given that the values of the assets were different than GE s internal reports and as
we discussed at the time of the transaction with GE s management, we proposed a change in the amount the Company owes GE under
the purchase agreement, but GE was non-responsive and GE s entire distributed power vertical has been divested. 

Accrued transition services 

Accrued Interest 

Total 

Based
on the California Statute of Limitations, the Nevada Statute of Limitations, and the New York Statute of Limitations it is the view of
our legal counsel that the above referenced debt is no longer an enforceable obligation. under California law, Nevada law, and New York
law, as it became past due no later than November 3, 2016, more than Six (6) years ago and last payment made on the debt was on November
3, 2016, which is more than Six (6) years ago. The total gain recognized from this write off was . 

On
May 4 , 2020 the company entered in to a payroll protection loan, with Comerica bank, guaranteed by the SBA due May 4, 2022
for , with an interest rate of . This note payment is due in full on . This note was forgiven on July 1, 2021. 

On
February 4 , 2021 the company entered in to a payroll protection loan, with Comerica bank, guaranteed by the SBA due February 4, 2023
for , with an interest rate of . This note payment is due in full on and also has the possibility of forgiveness.
As of the date of this filing this note has been forgiven. This note was forgiven on July 26, 2021. 

On
September 7, 2021 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of ,
with and interest rate of 
per annum and a . This note is
due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of
 .
The note had an OID of 
 and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event
of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be converted into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is
convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken place, none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing.
This note was paid off as of July 5, 2022. 

On
September 28, 2021 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of ,
with and interest rate of 
per annum and a . This note is
due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of
 .
The note had an OID of 
 and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event
of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be converted into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is
convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken place, none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing.
This note was paid off as of July 13, 2022. 

On
March 10, 2022 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of ,
with and interest rate of 
per annum and a . This note is
due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of
 .
The note had an OID of 
 and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event
of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be converted into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is
convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken place, none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing.
 This note was paid off as of Dec 6, 2022. 

On
June 30, 2022 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of with and interest rate of per annum and a . This note is due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of . The note
had an OID of and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be
converted into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken
place, none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing. The balance on this note as of December 31, 2022 was .
This note was paid off as of Feb 13,2023 

On
July 13, 2022 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of with and interest rate of per annum and a . This note is due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of . The note
had an OID of and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may
be converted into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has
taken place, none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing. The balance on this note as of December 31, 2022 was .
This note was paid off as of March 7 ,2023 

On
October 25, 2022 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of with and interest rate of per annum and a . This note is due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of The note
had an OID of and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may
be converted into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has
taken place, none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing. The balance on this note as of December 31, 2022 was 

On
Dec 5,2022 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of 
with and interest rate of 
per annum and a . This note is due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of 
The note had an OID of 
and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be converted into
shares of common stock of the company. This is note is convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken place,
none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing. The balance on this note as of December 31, 2022 was 

Convertible
notes 

On
May 5, 2017 we entered into a nine-month convertible note payable for , which accrues interest at the rate of per annum. It
is not convertible until nine months after its issuance and has a conversion rate of ninety one percent of the lowest closing bid
price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of our common stock for the fifteen Trading Days immediately preceding the date of conversion.
On November 6, 2017 this note was assumed and paid in full at a premium for a total of by Cybernaut Zfounder Ventures. An amended
term were added to the original note with the interest rate of . This note matured on February 21 st of 2018 and is currently
in default. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance due was . 

On
May 24, 2017 we entered into a nine-month convertible note payable for , which accrues interest at the rate of per annum.
It is not convertible until nine months after its issuance and has a conversion rate of fifty-five eight percent of the lowest
closing bid price (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of our common stock for the fifteen Trading Days immediately preceding the date
of conversion. On November 6, 2017 this note was assumed and paid in full at a premium for a total of , by Cybernaut Zfounder
Ventures. An amended term was added to the original note with the interest rate of . This note matured on February 26 th ,
2018 and is currently in default. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance due was 

On
July 6, 2020, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investor
a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of , a Warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and restricted
shares of Common Stock Commitment fee Shares ). The Note carried an original issue discount of with interest of
 per annum payable at maturity. The Note matures 8 months from the issue date and is convertible at any time into the Common Stock
at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to adjustment. The shares were valued on the date of issuance using the stock
price on that day for a total value of . We also recognized a debt discount of . We amortized of the debt discount
during the three months ended September 30, 2020. The unamortized debt discount as of September 30, 2020 was . This note was fully
converted as of December 31, 2021. On December 31, 2020 this note was converted into shares of common stock, for a total of 
including principal of plus a accrued interest of . Also on January 12, 2021 the company issued shares of its common
stock as redemptions of in cashless warrants. 

On
August 17, 2020, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investor
a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of ,
a Warrant (the Warrant to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 
 per share (the Common Stock and
 
 restricted shares of Common Stock Commitment
fee Shares ). The Note carried an original issue discount of 
 with interest of 
per annum payable at maturity. The Note matures 8 months from the issue date and is convertible at any time into the Common Stock at
a conversion price equal to 
 per share, subject to adjustment. The shares
were valued on the date of issuance using the stock price on that day for a total value of .
We also recognized a debt discount of .
Subsequently this note was paid in full on January 8, 2021. 

On
September 10, 2020 we entered into a convertible note payable for , with a maturity date of , which accrues interest
at the rate of per annum. It is convertible nine months after its issuance and has a conversion rate of sixty-five percent of the average of the two lowest closing prices (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of our common stock for the fifteen Trading Days immediately
preceding the date of conversion. We also entered into a stock purchase agreement for the potential conversion into common stock. Subsequently
this note was paid in full on January 15, 2021. 

On
October 14, 2020 Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with Firstfire Global Opportunities Fund LLC, (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company
issued to the Investor a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of ,
a Warrant (the Warrant to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 
 per share (the Common Stock and
 
 restricted shares of Common Stock Commitment
fee Shares ). The Note carried an original issue discount of 
 with interest of 
per annum payable at maturity. The Note matures 8 months from the issue date and is convertible at any time into the Common Stock at
a conversion price equal to 
 per share, subject to adjustment. The shares
were valued on the date of issuance using the stock price on that day for a total value of .
Subsequently on January 29, 2021 this note was paid in full. Also on January 12, 2021 the company issued 
 shares of its common stock as redemptions of
 
 in cashless warrants. 

On
November 10, 2020 we entered into a convertible note payable for , with a maturity date of , which accrues interest
at the rate of per annum. It is convertible nine months after its issuance and has a conversion rate of sixty-five percent of the average of the two lowest closing prices (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of our common stock for the fifteen Trading Days immediately
preceding the date of conversion. We also entered into a stock purchase agreement for the potential conversion into common stock. Subsequently
on February 11, 2021 this note was paid in full. 

On
December 18, 2020 we entered into a convertible note payable for ,
with a maturity date of , which accrues interest at the rate
of 
per annum. It is convertible nine months after its issuance and has a conversion rate of sixty-five percent of the average of the two lowest closing prices (as reported by Bloomberg LP) of our common stock for the fifteen Trading Days immediately preceding the date of conversion. We also entered into a stock purchase agreement for the potential conversion
into common stock. Subsequently on March 11, 2021, this note was paid in full. 

On
December 27, 2021, we entered into a convertible note payable with Universal Scope Inc. for with a maturity date of , which accrues interest at the rate of per annum. It is convertible at any time after its issuance and has fix conversion rate
of of our common stock. 

On
May 6, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. (Mast Hill pursuant to which the Company issued
to Mast Hill a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of plus
an original issue discount in the amount of , and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Mast Hill Fund is entitled
to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Mast Hill as well as providing
Mast Hill with registration rights. 

On
August 5, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Jefferson Street Capital, LLC (Jefferson) pursuant to which the
Company issued to Jefferson a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price
of plus an original issue discount in the amount of , and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum.
Jefferson is entitled to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Jefferson as well as providing
Jefferson with registration rights. This note was paid off as of March 9, 2023 

On
August 17, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Firstfire Global Opportunities Fund LLC Firstfire pursuant to which the Company issued to Mast Hill a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of plus an original issue discount in the amount of , and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Firstfire is entitled to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of
 . The Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants
of the Company and Firstfire as well as providing Firstfire with registration rights. This note was paid off as of March 9, 2023 

On
September 1, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Pacific Pier Capital, LLC (Pacific) pursuant to which the Company
issued to Pacific a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of 
plus an original issue discount in the amount of , and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Pacific is entitled
to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Pacific as well as providing
Pacific with registration rights. . This note was paid off as of March 9, 2023 

On
September 16, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. (Mast Hill pursuant to which the Company
issued to Mast Hill a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of 
plus an original issue discount in the amount of , and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Mast Hill Fund
is entitled to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Mast Hill as well as providing
Mast Hill with registration rights. 

On
November 10, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. (Mast Hill pursuant to which the Company
issued to Mast Hill a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of 
plus an original issue discount in the amount of and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Mast Hill Fund is entitled
to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Mast Hill as well as providing
Mast Hill with registration rights. 

On
November 21, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. (Mast Hill pursuant to which the Company
issued to Mast Hill a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of 
plus an original issue discount in the amount of , and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Mast Hill Fund is entitled
to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Mast Hill as well as providing
Mast Hill with registration rights. 

On
December 26, 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. (Mast Hill pursuant to which the Company
issued to Mast Hill a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of 
plus an original issue discount in the amount of and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Mast Hill Fund is entitled
to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Mast Hill as well as providing
Mast Hill with registration rights. 

Accrued Interest 

Debt Discount 

Total 

to , a risk-free interest rate range of , an exercise price
range of . to and a stock price of . The remaining derivative liabilities were: 

-square foot CTU Industrial Building. Lease term is seven years and two months beginning July 1, 2017.
 
Future minimum lease payments for the years ending December 31, and 2023 are: 

Imputed Interest 

Net Lease Liability 

Our
lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. 

ASB
ASU 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842) In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize
almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained
a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely
similar to those applied in current lease accounting, but without explicit bright lines. Lessor accounting is similar to the current
model but has been updated to align with certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. This ASU is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We have adopted the above ASU
as of January 1, 2019. The right of use asset and lease liability have been recorded at the present value of the future minimum lease
payments, utilizing a average borrowing rate and the company is utilizing the transition relief and running off on current
leases. 

Severance
Benefits 

Mr.
Mahdi will receive a severance benefit consisting of a single lump sum cash payment equal the salary that Mr. Mahdi would have been entitled
to receive through the remainder or the Employment Period or One (1) year, whichever is greater. 

and designated a par value of per share. 

On
May 25, 2006, our Board of Directors and shareholders approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to authorize a new series
of preferred stock, designated as Series C, and consisting of authorized shares. 

On
June 30, 2017, our Board of Directors and shareholders approved an increase in the number of our authorized common shares to 
and in the number of our authorized preferred shares to . The amendment effecting the increase in our authorized capital was
filed and effective on July 5, 2017. 

On
August 28, 2018, our Board of Directors and shareholders approved an increase in the number of our authorized common shares to .
The amendment effecting the increase in our authorized capital was filed and effective on August 23, 2018. 

On
June 10, 2019, our Board of Directors and shareholders approved an increase in the number of our authorized common shares to .
The amendment effecting the increase in our authorized capital was effective on September 27, 2019 

On January 6, 2023, our board of directors and majority shareholders approved
a reverse stock split. Effective upon the filing of our Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State
of the State of Nevada, the shares of the Corporation s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
of January 6, 2023, will be automatically reclassified as and combined into shares of Common Stock such that each (40) shares of Old Common
Stock shall be reclassified as and combined into one (1) share of New Common Stock. All per share references to common stock have been
retroactively represented throughout the financials. 

Common
Stock Transactions 

On
July 6, 2020, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investor
a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of , a Warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and restricted
shares of Common Stock Commitment fee Shares ). On December 31, 2020 this note was converted into shares of common
stock, for a total of including principal of plus a accrued interest of as a result this note was paid in full
Also on January 12, 2021 the company issued shares of its common stock as redemptions of in cashless warrants. 

On
August 17, 2020, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investor
a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of ,
a Warrant (the Warrant to purchase 
 shares of the Company s common stock, par
value 
 per share (the Common Stock and
 
 restricted shares of Common Stock Commitment
fee Shares ). The Note carried an original issue discount of 
 with interest of 
per annum payable at maturity. The Note matures 8 months from the issue date and is convertible at any time into the Common Stock at
a conversion price equal to 
 per share, subject to adjustment. The shares
were valued on the date of issuance using the stock price on that day for a total value of .
We also recognized a debt discount of .
Subsequently this note was paid in full on January 8, 2021. Also on February 5, 2021 the company issued 
 shares of its common stock as redemptions of
 
 in cashless warrants. 

On
October 14, 2020 Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with Firstfire Global Opportunities Fund LLC, (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company
issued to the Investor a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of , a Warrant
(the Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common
Stock and restricted shares of Common Stock Commitment fee Shares ). 

These
shares were issued on February 1, 2021, and shares were issued as a result of exercise of the warrants on May 28, 2021. This note
was paid in full as of January 29, 2021. 

On
February 5, 2021 we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share, in exchange for the conversion of shares
of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
February 9, 2021 we issued shares of our common stock share, in exchange for the conversion of of accrued dividend for
the series D Preferred Stock. 

On
February 9, 2021 we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share, in exchange for the conversion of shares
of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
February 23, 2021 we issued of common stock at a purchase price of per share and of warrant at purchase price of 
for an aggregate price of to an accredited investor in a private sale. An additional shares were issued as a result of a
correction made to the original transaction. 

On
March 5, 2021 we issued of common stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate price of to an accredited
investor in a private sale. 

On
March 10, 2021 we issued units of common stock at a purchase price of per share for an aggregate price of to
an accredited investor in a private sale. 

On
March 12, 2021 we issued shares and of our common stock at a price of per share, in exchange for the conversion of
 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock and 165,487 of accrued dividend for the series D preferred stock. 

On
September 2, 2021, Clean Energy Technology, Inc., a Nevada corporation upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration
Statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission As a result we issued 
Shares of common stock as an commitment fee, which was valued and expense in the amount of . On October 14, 2021, this Form S-1
became effective. 

On
September 13, 2021, we issued shares of common stock for a correction of a previous issuance error. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued shares of common stock, under S-1 registration statement with GHS for a total of
 in net proceeds and expensed in legal and financing fees as a result. 

On
December 31, 2021 we issued shares of our common stock under our Reg A offering at per share. These shares are unrestricted
and free trading. 

During
the quarter ended March 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock, under S-1 registration statement with GHS for a total of 
in net proceeds and expensed in legal and financing fees as a result. 

On
February 21, 2022, we issued shares of our common stock under our Reg A offering at per share. These shares are unrestricted
and free trading. 

During
the April of 2022, we issued shares of common stock, under S-1 registration statement with GHS for a total of in net
proceeds and expensed in legal and financing fees as a result. 

On
September 21, 2022 MGW I converted from the outstanding balance of their convertible note into shares of company s
common stock. 

On
May 6, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and a warrant agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. (Mast Hill pursuant to which the Company issued to Mast Hill the Company issued Mast Hill a five-year warrant
to purchase shares of common stock in connections with the transactions. 

On
December 28, 2022 Mast Hill exercised their warrant in full on a cashless basis to purchase shares of Common Stock . 

Common
Stock 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue shares of common stock, par value per share. As of April 14, 2022 there
were shares of common stock outstanding. All outstanding shares of common stock are, and the common stock to be issued will
be, fully paid and non-assessable. Each share of our common stock has identical rights and privileges in every respect. The holders of
our common stock are entitled to vote upon all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders and are entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock held. There are no cumulative voting rights. 

The
holders of our common stock are entitled to share equally in dividends and other distributions that our Board of Directors may declare
from time to time out of funds legally available for that purpose, if any, after the satisfaction of any prior rights and preferences
of any outstanding preferred stock. If we liquidate, dissolve or wind up, the holders of common stock shares will be entitled to share
ratably in the distribution of all of our assets remaining available for distribution after satisfaction of all our liabilities and our
obligations to holders of our outstanding preferred stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Our Board of Directors
has the authority to issue additional shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and fix for each series, the designation of and
number of shares to be included in each such series. Our Board of Directors is also authorized to set the powers, privileges, preferences,
and relative participating, optional or other rights, if any, of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions of the shares of each such series. 

Unless
our Board of Directors provides otherwise, the shares of all series of preferred stock will rank on parity with respect to the payment
of dividends and to the distribution of assets upon liquidation. Any issuance by us of shares of our preferred stock may have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of our control or an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The issuance of preferred stock
also could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to the holders of common stock or could adversely affect
the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of common stock. 

We
previously authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and
 shares Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. As of August 20, 2006, all series A, B, and C preferred had been converted into common
stock. 

Effective
August 7, 2013, our in financing in subscription for Series D Preferred Stock, or 7,500
shares. 

The
following are primary terms of the Series D Preferred Stock. per annum. Initially, the Series D Preferred Stock was also entitled to be paid special dividends
in the event cash dividends were not paid when scheduled. If the Company does not pay the dividend within five (5) business days from
the end of the calendar month for which the payment of such dividend to owed, the Company will pay the investor a special dividend of
an additional 3.5 . Any unpaid or accrued special dividends will be paid upon a liquidation or redemption. For any other dividends or
distributions, the Series D Preferred Stock participates with common stock on an as-converted basis. The Series D Preferred holders may
elect to convert the Series D Preferred Stock, in their sole discretion, at any time after a one-year (1) year holding period, by sending
the Company a notice to convert. The conversion rate is equal to the greater of 0.08 or a 20 discount to the average of the three (3)
lowest closing market prices of the common stock during the ten (10) trading day period prior to conversion. The Series D Preferred Stock
is redeemable from funds legally available for distribution at the option of the individual holders of the Series D Preferred Stock commencing
any time after the one (1) year period from the offering closing at a price equal to the initial purchase price plus all accrued but
unpaid dividends, provided, that if the Company gave notice to the investors that it was not in a financial position to redeem the Series
D Preferred, the Company and the Series D Preferred holders are obligated to negotiate in good faith for an extension of the redemption
period. The Company timely notified the investors that it was not in a financial position to redeem the Series D Preferred and the Company
and the investors have engaged in ongoing negotiations to determine an appropriate extension period. The Company may elect to redeem
the Series D Preferred Stock any time at a price equal to initial purchase price plus all accrued but unpaid dividends, subject to the
investors right to convert, by providing written notice about its intent to redeem. Each investor has the right to convert the
Series D Preferred Stock at least ten (10) days prior to such redemption by the Company. 

In
connection with the subscriptions for the Series D Preferred, we issued series F warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares
of our common stock at per share and series G warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of our common stock at per
share. 

On
August 21, 2014, a holder holding shares of Preferred Series D Preferred agreed to lower the dividend rate to on its Series
D Preferred. 

In
the first quarter of 2019, we signed agreements to issue shares of common stock valued at for a total value of 
for the conversion of preferred series D shares, which were subsequently issued. 

We
also recorded a commitment fee in exchange for the 

 standoff 
and estoppel agreement and discounted conversion terms to account for the difference in the fair value which we offset to retained earnings. 

On
February 4, 2020 we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share, in exchange for the conversion of shares
of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
July 23, 2020 we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share, in exchange for the conversion of shares
of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
February 5, 2021 we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share, in exchange for the conversion of shares
of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
February 9, 2021 we issued shares of our common stock share, in exchange for the conversion of of accrued dividend for
the series D Preferred Stock. 

On
February 9, 2021 we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share, in exchange for the conversion of shares
of our Series D Preferred Stock. 

On
March 12, 2021 we issued shares of our series D preferred stock together with accrued preferred dividend at a price of per
share, in exchange for the conversion of shares of our Series D Preferred Stock and accrued preferred dividend. 

Warrants 

A
summary of warrant activity for the periods is as follows: 

On
July 6, 2020, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investor
a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of , a Warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and restricted
shares of Common Stock Commitment fee Shares ). The Note carried an original issue discount of with interest of
 per annum payable at maturity. The Note matures 8 months from the issue date and is convertible at any time into the Common Stock
at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to adjustment. On January 8, 2021, the cashless warrants were converted into

shares
of our common stock. 

On
August 17, 2020, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company) entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities
Purchase Agreement with LGH Investments, LLC (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company issued to the Investor
a convertible promissory note (the Note in the original principal amount of , a Warrant (the Warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and restricted
shares of Common Stock Commitment fee Shares ). The Note carried an original issue discount of with interest of
 per annum payable at maturity. The Note matures 8 months from the issue date and is convertible at any time into the Common Stock
at a conversion price equal to per share, subject to adjustment. On February 1, 2021 the cashless warrants were converted into 
shares of our common stock. 

On
February 23, 2021 we issued of common stock at a purchase price of per share and of warrant at purchase price of 
for an aggregate price of to an accredited investor in a private sale. An additional shares were issued as a result of a
correction made to the original transaction. . These warrants expire on . 

On
May 6, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of 
to Mast Hill Fund at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on or before the
date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of the offering
price per share of Common Stock. On December 28, 2022 Mast Hill exercised the warrant in full on
a cashless basis to purchase shares of Common Stock . 

On
August 5, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of
 to Jefferson Street at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on
or before the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of
the offering price per share of Common Stock. 

On
August 17, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of
 to First Fire at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on or before
the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of the offering
price per share of Common Stock. On March 1, 2023 First Fire exercised the warrant in full on a cashless basis to purchase shares
of common stock. 

On
September 1, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount
of to Pacific Pier at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on or
before the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of the
offering price per share of Common Stock. On March 1, 2023 Pacific Pier exercised the warrant in full on a cashless basis to purchase
 shares of common stock. 

On
September 16, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount
of to Mast Hill Fund at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on
or before the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of
the offering price per share of Common Stock. 

On
November 10, 2022 we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of
 to Mast Hill Fund at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on or
before the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of the
offering price per share of Common Stock. 

On
November 21, 2022 we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of
 to Mast Hill Fund at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on or
before the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of the
offering price per share of Common Stock. 

On
December 26, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount
of to Mast Hill Fund at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on
or before the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of
the offering price per share of Common Stock. 

Additions 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Stock
Options 

We
currently have no outstanding stock options 

. Concurrently,
we entered into an Escrow Funding Agreement with Red Dot Investment, Inc., a California corporation Reddot ), pursuant
to which Reddot deposited funds into escrow to fund the repayment and we assigned to Reddot our right to acquire the convertible note
and Reddot acquired the convertible note. Concurrently, we and Reddot amended the convertible note (a) to have a fixed conversion price
of . per share, subject to potential further adjustment in the event of certain Common Stock issuances, (b) to have a fixed interest
rate of ten percent per annum with respect to both the redemption amount and including a financing fee and any costs, expenses,
or other fees relating to the convertible note or its enforcement and collection, and any other expense for or on our account (in each
case with a minimum 10 yield in the event of payoff or conversion within the first year), such amounts to constitute additional principal
under the convertible note, as amended, and (c) as otherwise provided in the Escrow Funding Agreement. The March 2016 convertible note,
as so amended, is referred to as the Master Note. 

Concurrently
with the foregoing note repayments, we entered into a Credit Agreement and Promissory Note (the Credit Agreement with
Megawell USA Technology Investment Fund I LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company in formation MW I ), pursuant to which
MW I deposited funds into escrow to fund the repayment of the convertible notes and we assigned to MW I our right to acquire the convertible
notes and otherwise agreed that MW I would be subrogated to the rights of each note holder to the extent a note was repaid with funds
advanced by MW I. Concurrently, MW I acquired the Master Note and we agreed that all amounts advanced by MG I to or for our benefit would
be governed by the terms of the Master Note, including the payment of a financing fees, interest, minimum interest, and convertibility.
Reddot is MW I s agent for purposes of administration of the Credit Agreement and the Master Note and advances thereunder. 

On
February 13, 2018 the Corporation and Confections Ventures Limited. CVL entered into a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement
(the Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, together with the Stock Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereunder, the Financing pursuant to which the Corporation issued to CVL a convertible promissory Note (the CVL
Note in the principal amount of with an interest rate of per annum interest rate and a maturity date of . The CVL Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock at per share, as adjusted as provided therein. As a result we
recognized a beneficial conversion feature of , which is amortized over the life of the note. This note was assigned to Mgw Investments
and they agreed not to convert the note in to shares in excess of the Authorized
limit until we have increased the Authorized shares to the Board approved limit of . This note converted into of company s
common stock on September 21, 2022. 

On
February 8, 2018 the Corporation entered a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of , due October 8, 2018, with
an interest rate of per annum payable to MGWI (the MGWI Note ). 
with an interest rate of per annum, due April 25, 2018. This note was converted into of company s common stock on September 21, 2022. 

Subsequently
 On June 24, 2021, MGW I converted 
of the outstanding balance of this note into shares of company s common stock 

On
May 31, 2019, we entered into a subscription agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell units (each a Unit 
and together the Units to MGW Investment I Limited MGWI for an aggregate purchase price of , or per Unit,
with each unit consisting of one share of common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock and a warrant (the
 Warrant to purchase one share of common stock. The Common Stock will be issued to MGWI at such time as the Company increases
the number of shares of its authorized Common Stock. The Warrant is exercisable at per share of Common Stock and expires one year
from the date of the Agreement. 

In
the fourth quarter of 2019 MGW Investment I Limited, advanced , with no terms or interest rate. MGW Investment limited forgave of this amount in the 4 th 
quarter of 2022. The outstanding balance on this
advance on December 31, 2022 is 

On
March 24, 2021, the Company transferred to MGWI, an affiliate of the majority stockholder of the Company to hold in trust for
our investment in two planned ventures in China. The investment was used for the acquisition of LWL. 

On
September 21, 2022 MGW I converted from the outstanding balance of their convertible note into shares of company s
common stock. 

Kambiz
Mahdi, our Chief Executive Officer, owns Billet Electronics, which is distributor of electronic components. From time to time, we purchase
parts from Billet Electronics. In addition, Billet was a supplier of parts and had dealings with current and former customers of the
Company prior to joining the company. The amount of parts purchases in 2022 was . Our Board of Directors has approved the transactions
between Billet Electronics and the Company. 

change in our warranty liability. We estimate our warranty liability
based on past experiences and estimated replacement cost of material and labor to replace the critical turbine in the units that are
still under warranty. 

interest and AG owns a interest in Ashfield Renewables Ag Development LLC. The agreement with CETY Renewables
Ashfield has been terminated. 

The
consolidated financial statements have deconsolidated the CRA business unit. The Liabilities of CRA has been transferred to Vermont Renewable
Gas LLC VRG ), a newly formed entity. CETY retains 49 equity in VRG. 

of its annual after-tax profit to the surplus
reserve until such reserve reaches of its respective registered capital based on the FIE s PRC statutory accounts. Appropriations
to other funds are at the discretion of the BOD for all FIEs. The aforementioned reserves can only be used for specific purposes and
are not distributable as cash dividends. Additionally, shareholders of an FIE are required to contribute capital to satisfy the registered
capital requirement of the FIE. Until such contribution of capital is satisfied, the FIE is not allowed to repatriate profits to its
shareholders, unless otherwise approved by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange. 

Additionally,
in accordance with the Company Laws of the PRC, a domestic enterprise is required to provide surplus reserve at least of its annual
after-tax profit until such reserve has reached of its respective registered capital based on the enterprise s PRC statutory
accounts. A domestic enterprise is also required to have a discretionary surplus reserve, at the discretion of the BOD, from the profits
determined in accordance with the enterprise s PRC statutory accounts. Appropriation to such reserve by the Company is based on
profit arrived at under PRC accounting standards for business enterprises for each year. The profit arrived at must be set off against
any accumulated losses sustained by the Company in prior years, before allocation is made to the statutory reserve. The aforementioned
reserves can only be used for specific purposes and are not distributable as cash dividends. Technology was established as domestic enterprises
and therefore are subject to the above-mentioned restrictions on distributable profits. 

As
a result of these PRC laws and regulations that require annual appropriations of of after-tax income to be set aside prior to payment
of dividends as general reserve fund, the Company s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their
net assets to the Company as a dividend. 

In
addition, according to Administrative Measures for the Collection and Utilization of Enterprise Work Safety Funds issued by the PRC Ministry
of Finance and the State Administration of Work Safety, for the companies with dangerous goods production or storage, the company is
required to make a special reserve for the use of enhancing and improving its safe production conditions. Under PRC GAAP, the reserve
is recorded as selling expense; however, under US GAAP, since the expense has not been incurred and the Company will record cost of sales
for safety related expenses when it is actually happened or incurred, this special reserve was recorded as an appropriation of its after-tax
income. The reserve is calculated at a rate of of total sales. 

Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of 
plus an original issue discount in the amount of , and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Mast Hill Fund
is entitled to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Mast Hill as well as providing
Mast Hill with registration rights. 

On
Feb 10, 2023 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of with and interest rate of per annum and a per annum. This note is due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of The note had
an OID of and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be
converted into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken
place, none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing. The balance on this note as of March 31, 2023 was 

On
March 6, 2023 the company entered into a promissory note in the amount of with and interest rate of per annum and a per annum. This note is due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of The note had
an OID of and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be converted
into shares of common stock of the company. This is note is convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken place,
none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing. The balance on this note as of March 31, 2023 was 

On
March 8, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill, L.P. (Mast Hill pursuant to which the Company
issued to Mast Hill a Convertible Promissory Note, due (the Note for a purchase price of 
plus an original issue discount in the amount of and an interest rate of fifteen percent per annum. Mast Hill Fund is entitled
to purchase shares of commons stock per the warrant agreement at the exercise price of . The
Securities Purchase Agreement provides customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company and Mast Hill as well as providing
Mast Hill with registration rights. 

On
February 13, 2023 the company paid off its promissory note with 1800 Diagonal dated June 30, 2022, of 252,928,44 together with all interest
thereon. 

On
February 10, 2023 the company entered into a promissory note with 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC 1800 Diagonal in the
amount of 
with and interest rate of 
per annum and a per annum. This note is due in full on and has mandatory monthly payments of 
The note had an OID of 
and recorded as finance fee expense. In the event of the default, at the option of the Investor, the note may be converted into
shares of common stock of the company. This is note is convertible, but not until a contingent event of default has taken place,
none of which have occurred as of the date of this filing. The balance on this note as of February 28, 2023 was . 

On
August 17, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount of
 to First Fire at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on or before
the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of the offering
price per share of Common Stock. On March 1, 2023 First Fire exercised the warrant in full on a cashless basis to purchase shares
of common stock. 

On
September 1, 2022, we issued of warrant shares in connection with the issuance of the promissory note in the principal amount
of to Pacific Pier at the exercise price per share of . However, that if the Company consummates an Uplist Offering on or
before the date that is one hundred eighty (180) calendar days after the Issuance Date, then the Exercise Price shall equal of the
offering price per share of Common Stock. On March 1, 2023 Pacific Pier exercised the warrant in full on a cashless basis to purchase
 shares of common stock. 

On
March 28, 2023 we have elected three new board members: 

Mr.
Ted Hsu has almost 3 decades of experience as a commercial banker. He joined Preferred Bank in 1992 and currently serves as the
bank s Executive Vice President. Preferred Bank is one of the largest independent commercial banks in California. He has extensive
experience in servicing clients in various sectors including real estate, construction, commercial and industrial. Recently, Mr. Hsu
began to cover companies in the renewable energy sector as it is the growing trend. We believe Mr. Hsu is well qualified to serve as
a member of our Board of Directors due to his experience in commercial lending. 

Ms.
Lauren Morrison is an international business development consultant whose career has had a major focus in the clean energy, smart
building, and sustainability sectors. She has worked with companies of all sizes and areas of specialization, from concept to early-stage
and maturity, on global growth strategies, branding, and product development. Lauren is interested in the integration and optimization
of technologies that measurably increase energy efficiency, and the application of monitoring and data analysis that iteratively improves
building processes, practices, and net functionality. As part of a leading-edge model smart city development in Asia, Lauren saw first-hand
the critical imperative for global collaboration to address climate challenges as they rapidly eclipse geographic boundaries. She is
passionate about expanding the conversation on this topic to include the widest possible audience of stakeholders. Our Board of Directors
believes that Ms. Morrison brings a unique and valuable international perspective and clean energy experience to our Board of Directors 

Mr.
Matthew Graham Smith has over a decade of experience working in a range of overseas and domestic roles with the Australian Department
of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) and has held positions as Product Manager, Major Surface Ships, Department of Defense, Senior Administrative
Officer, Consulate-General, Chengdu, Senior Administrative Officer, Consulate-General, Chengdu, Post Opener, Consulate-General Surabaya,
Indonesia. Mr. Smith is a Certified Practicing Accountant in Australia and will serve as the Chairman of our Audit Committee upon the
listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. Mr. Smith has received a Bachelor of Laws and a Bachelor of Commerce in Finance from Australian
National University and was an exchange student at the Olin Business School, Washington University. 

A
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-266078) relating to the securities being sold in this Offering was declared effective
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 22, 2023. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed
through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 

The
closing of its public offering of shares of common stock at a price of per share for a total gross proceeds of million
before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expense (the Offering ). 

In
addition, the Company has granted the underwriters an option, exercisable within 45 days from the date of the underwriting agreement,
to purchase up to an additional shares at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The Offering
was closed on March 27, 2023 and was conducted on a firm commitment basis. The shares began trading on March 23, 2023 on NASDAQ Capital
Market 

Om
March 3/28/2023, Universal Scope Inc. converted in full of their note into shares of our common stock. 

On
March 3, 2023, Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. reached an agreement with Cybernaut Zfounder Ventures, LLC to pay off the outstanding
convertible notes [in amount equal to that were in default for a settlement amount of . 

71 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9a. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports pursuant
to the Securities Exchange Act, of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to us, including our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, an evaluation as of December 31, 2022 was conducted under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

(b)
Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
including our of our chief executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. 

Based
on our evaluation under the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company is involved in litigation incidental to the conduct of its business. The Company is presently not involved
in any legal proceedings which in the opinion of management are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated
financial position or results of operations. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

There
have been no material changes in the Company s risk factors from those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

72 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our
officers and directors are the individuals listed below as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Kambiz
 Mahdi 
 
 57 
 
 President,
 CEO, Director 
 
 Wang
 Jun 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Lyu
 Yongsheng 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Calvin
 Pang 
 
 38 
 
 Director 

There
are no family relationships among any of the directors or the executive officer. 

Biographical
Information. 

Mr.
Kambiz Mahdi, age 57, served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from 1996 until December of 2005 and again
from July 2009 until present. Mr. Mahdi also started Billet Electronics a global supply chain provider of products, services and solutions
in the technology sector in 2007. Mr. Mahdi has a BS degree in Electrical Engineering from California State University of Northridge.
Mr. Mahdi has not served on any other boards of public companies in the past five years. 

Our
Board of Directors selected Mr. Mahdi to serve as a director because he is our Chief Executive Officer and has served in various executive
roles with our company for 14 years, with a focus on electrical design manufacturing, sales and operations and his insight into
the development, marketing, finance, and operations aspects of our company. He has expansive knowledge of engineering and manufacturing
industry and relationships with chief executives and other senior management at technology companies. Our Board of Directors believes
that Mr. Mahdi brings a unique and valuable perspective to our Board of Directors. 

73 

Mr.
Jun Wang , age: 56. Mr. Wang, is the current Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Taiyu (Shenyang) Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
and has held those positions since 2002. From 2008 -2012 Mr. Wang served as Chief Executive Officer and director of SmartHeat, Inc. Prior
to that, he served as an executive at Beijing HTN Pipeline Equipment Co., Ltd. from 2000 to 2002 and Honeywell from 1996 to 1999. Mr.
Wang graduated from Tsinghua University and obtained a master s degree in engineering. We believe that Mr. Wang is well qualified
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in the clean energy business in China and his ability
to open potential markets to the company in Asia. On August 11, 2022 Mr. Jun Wang resigned from the board of directors of CETY. 

Mr.
Yongsheng Lyu . age: 70. Mr. Lyu has acted as an independent project consultant for Taiyu (Shenyang) Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
since 2009. From 2003 to 2009, he served as the Executive Director of the Mianyang City Civil Aviation Administration Greening Company.
From 1996 to 2003, he was the General Manager of Mianyang Township Enterprise Supply and Marketing Corporation. Mr. Lyu graduated from
Jilin University with a bachelor s degree in engineering. We believe that Mr. Lyu is well qualified to serve as a member of our
Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in engineering, sales and marketing and his ability to assist the company in expanding
its markets into Asia. On August 11, 2022 Mr. Yongsheng Lyu resigned from the board of directors of CETY. 

Mr.
Calvin Pang . age: 38. Since 2015 Mr. Pang has been the Managing Director of Megawell Capital Limited. From 2007 to 2015, he was
a banker at UBS AG managing portfolios of Hong Kong and China based investors. Mr. Pang graduated from the Olin School of Business at
Washington University in St. Louis with a bachelor s degree in business and finance. We believe that Mr. Pang is well qualified
to serve as a member of our Board of Directors due to his extensive experience in U.S. and Asian corporate finance and may assist us
in developing relationships with financial institutions. 

Each
director holds office until the earlier of his or her death, resignation, removal from office by the stockholders, or his or her respective
successor is duly elected and qualified. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of our nominees or directors and any
other person pursuant to which any of our nominees or directors have been selected for their respective positions. No nominee or director
is related to any executive officer or any other nominee or director. 

Corporate
Governance 

Director
Attendance at Meetings of the Board of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors held 4 meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Each of our incumbent directors attended at least
75.0 of the aggregate total number of meetings of our Board of Directors held during the period for which he served as a director. 

Director
Attendance at Annual Meetings of the Shareholders 

Although
we have no policy with regard to attendance by the members of our Board of Directors at our annual meetings, we invite and encourage
the members of our Board of Directors to attend our annual meetings to foster communication between Shareholders and our Board of Directors. 

74 

Stockholder
Communication with the Board of Directors 

Any
stockholder who desires to contact members of our Board of Directors, or a specified committee of our Board of Directors, may do so by
writing to: Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., Board of Directors, 2990. Redhill Ave, Costa Mesa, California 92626, Attention: Secretary.
Communications received will be distributed by our Secretary to such member or members of our Board of Directors as deemed appropriate
by our Secretary, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication received. 

Director
Independence 

We
had a four-member Board of Directors in 2022 of which two members are independent directors. 

Committees
of our Board of Directors 

We
have no standing committees of our Board of Directors at the current time, which is due to the size of our operations. From time to time,
our Board of Directors may establish committees it deems appropriate to address specific areas in more depth than may be possible at
a full Board of Directors meeting. As our Company grows, we plan to establish an audit committee, compensation committee and nominating
and corporate governance committee. The functions that these committees will perform are currently being performed by our Board of Directors. 

Director
Nomination Procedures and Diversity 

As
outlined above, in selecting a qualified nominee, our Board of Directors considers such factors as it deems appropriate, which may include:
the current composition of our Board of Directors; the range of talents of a nominee that would best complement those already represented
on our Board of Directors; the extent to which a nominee would diversify our Board of Directors; a nominee s standards of integrity,
commitment and independence of thought and judgment; a nominee s ability to represent the long-term interests of our shareholders
as a whole; a nominee s relevant expertise and experience upon which to be able to offer advice and guidance to management; a nominee
who is accomplished in his or her respective field, with superior credentials and recognition; and the need for specialized expertise.
While we do not have a formal diversity policy, we believe that the backgrounds and qualifications of our directors, considered as a
group, should provide a significant composite mix of experience, knowledge and abilities that will allow our Board of Directors to fulfill
its responsibilities. Applying these criteria, our Board of Directors considers candidates for membership on our Board of Directors suggested
by its members, as well as by our Shareholders. Members of our Board of Directors annually review our Board of Directors composition
by evaluating whether our Board of Directors has the right mix of skills, experience and backgrounds. 

Our
Board of Directors may also consider an assessment of its diversity, in its broadest sense, reflecting, but not limited to, age, geography,
gender and ethnicity. 

Our
Board of Directors identifies nominees by first evaluating the current members of our Board of Directors willing to continue in service.
Current members of our Board of Directors with skills and experience relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service
are considered for re-nomination. If any member of our Board of Directors does not wish to continue in service or if our Board of Directors
decides not to nominate a member for re-election, our Board of Directors will review the desired skills and experience of a new nominee
in light of the criteria set forth above. 

Our
Board of Directors also considers nominees for our Board of Directors recommended by Shareholders. Notice of proposed stockholder nominations
for our Board of Directors must be delivered in accordance with the requirements set forth in our bylaws and SEC Rule 14a-8 promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Nominations must include the full name of the proposed nominee,
a brief description of the proposed nominee s business experience for at least the previous five years and a representation that
the nominating stockholder is a beneficial or record owner of our common stock. Any such submission must be accompanied by the written
consent of the proposed nominee to be named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. Nominations should be delivered to: Clean
Energy Technologies, Inc., Board of Directors, 2990. Redhill Ave, Costa Mesa, California 92626, Attention: Chief Executive Officer. 

75 

Our
Board of Directors will recommend the slate of directors to be nominated for election at the annual meeting of shareholders. We have
not and do not currently employ or pay a fee to any third party to identify or evaluate, or assist in identifying or evaluating, potential
director nominees. 

Board
of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors oversees our shareholders interest in the long-term success of our business strategy and our overall financial
strength. 

Our
Board of Directors is actively involved in overseeing risks associated with our business strategies and decisions. It does so, in part,
through its approval of all acquisitions and business-related investments and all assumptions of debt, as well as its oversight of our
executive officers pursuant to annual reviews. Our Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing risks related to corporate governance
and the selection of nominees to our Board of Directors. 

In
addition, the Board reviews the potential risks related to our financial reporting. The Board meets with our Chief Financial Officer
and communicates with representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm on a quarterly basis to discuss and assess
the risks related to our internal controls. Additionally, material violations of our Code of Ethics and related corporate policies are
reported to our Board of Directors. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted our Code of Ethics, which contains general guidelines for conducting our business and is designed to help our directors,
employees and independent consultants resolve ethical issues in an increasingly complex business environment. Our Code of Ethics applies
to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and persons performing similar functions and all members of our Board
of Directors. Our Code of Ethics covers topics including, but not limited to, conflicts of interest, confidentiality of information,
and compliance with laws and regulations. Shareholders may request a copy of our Code of Ethics, which will be provided without charge,
by writing to: Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., Board of Directors, 2990. Redhill Ave, Costa Mesa, California 92626; Attention: Chief
Executive Officer. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
key objective of our non-employee directors compensation program is to attract and retain highly qualified directors with the
necessary skills, experience and character to oversee our management. We currently use equity-based compensation to compensate our directors
due to our restricted cash flow position; however, we may in the future provide cash compensation to our directors. The use of equity-based
compensation is designed to recognize the time commitment, expertise and potential liability relating to active Board service, while
aligning the interests of our Board of Directors with the long-term interests of our shareholders. 

In
addition to the compensation provided to our non-employee director, which is detailed below, each non-employee director is reimbursed
for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending in-person meetings of the Board of Directors and Board
committees, as well for any fees incurred in attending continuing education courses for directors. 

Fiscal
Years 2021 and 2022 Annual Cash Compensation 

We
currently do not provide cash compensation to our directors and as such did not provide any cash compensation during the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2022. 

76 

Fiscal
Years 2021 and 2022 Equity Compensation 

Yearly
Restricted Share Awards 

Under
the terms of the discretionary restricted share unit grant provisions of our 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and our 2011 Omnibus Incentive
Plan, which we refer to as the 2006 Plan and 2011 Plan, respectively, each non-employee director is eligible to receive grants of restricted
common stock share awards at the discretion of our Board of Directors. These yearly restricted share unit awards vest in full on the
grant date. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no stock options granted. 

Discretionary
Grants 

Under
the terms of the discretionary option grant provisions of the 2006 Plan and the 2011 Plan, non-employee directors are eligible to receive
stock options or other stock awards granted at the discretion of the Board of Directors. No director received stock awards pursuant to
the discretionary grant program during fiscal year 2020 or 2021. 

Director
Summary Compensation in Fiscal Years 2021 and 2022 

The
following table sets forth the fiscal years 2021, and 2022 compensation for our non-employee directors. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Calvin Pang 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Calvin Pang 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Jun Wang 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jun Wang 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Yongsheng Lyu 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Yongsheng Lyu 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change
of Control and Termination Provisions 

None. 

Family
Relationship 

We
currently do not have any officers or directors of our Company who are related to each other. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During
the past ten years no director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company has been involved in the following: 

(1) 
 A
 petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law which was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent
 or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general
 partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive
 officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

(2) 
 Such
 person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
 and other minor offenses); 

77 

(3) 
 Such
 person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
 jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. 
 Acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

ii. 
 Engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

iii. 
 Engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal
 or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

(4) 
 Such
 person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State
 authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
 in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

(5) 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
 securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

(6) 
 Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not
 been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7) 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. 
 Any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. 
 Any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order; or 

iii. 
 Any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8) 
 Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
 organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that
 has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than
ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of change in
ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are
required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and
4 and amendments thereto furnished to us under Rule 16a-3(e) during the year ended December 31, 2021, Forms 5 and any amendments thereto
furnished to us with respect to the year ended December 31, 2021, and the representations made by the reporting persons to us, we believe
that during the year ended December 31, 2021, our executive officers and directors and all persons who own more than ten percent of a
registered class of our equity securities complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements with the exception of MGWI which filed
a late Form 4. 

78 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth the fiscal year 2021 and 2022 compensation for: 

Kambiz
 Mahdi, our Chief Executive Officer 

The
executive officers included in the Summary Compensation Table are referred to in this Form 10K as our named executive officers. A detailed
description of the plans and programs under which our named executive officers received the following compensation can be found in the
section entitled Compensation Discussion and Analysis . 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal 
 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 )(3) 
 )(4) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

Kambiz Mahdi (1) 
 2022 
 275,000 
 
 73,708- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 348,708 

Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 275,000 
 
 85,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 360,000 

1) 
 On
 October 18, 2018 we entered into an at will employment agreement with Mr. Mahdi, with an annual salary of 275,000. This agreement
 may be terminated at any time. In addition as part of the agreement Mr. Mahdi was to be issued 500,000 sharres of our common stock,
 as additional compensation. As a result; for the year ended December 31, 2019 we accrued for and subsequently on February 13, 2019,
 issued 500,000 shares at a purchase price of .524 per share to Mr. Mahdi in the amount of 262,000. 

2) 
 There
 was a bonus of 73,708 paid to Mr. Mahdi for fiscal year 2022, Mr. Mahdi is entitled to 50 of his salary in cash bonus, this bonus
 was approved by the board of directors. 

79 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End 

There
are no outstanding options or stock awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

On
October 18, 2018 we entered into an at-will employment agreement with Mr. Mahdi, with an annual salary of 275,000. This agreement may
be terminated at any time. In addition as part of the agreement Mr. Mahdi was to be issued 500,000 shares of our common stock, as additional
compensation. 

Potential
Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 

Severance
Benefits 

Mr.
Mahdi will receive a severance benefit consisting of a single lump sum cash payment equal the salary that Mr. Mahdi would have been entitled
to receive through the remainder or the Employment Period or One (1) year, whichever is greater. 

80 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table shows, as of April 15, 2023 the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by (1) any person who is known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5.0 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; (2) our directors and former directors;
(3) our named executive officers; and (4) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The percentage of common stock beneficially
owned is based on 965,171,292 shares of our common stock outstanding. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules
of the SEC and generally includes securities over which a person has voting or investment power and securities that a person has the
right to acquire within 60 days. Unless otherwise provided, the address of each beneficial owner listed is c/o Clean Energy Technologies,
Inc., Board of Directors, 2990. Redhill Ave, Costa Mesa, California 92626. We need to footnote how the voting rights are allocated and
add them to the number of shares. 

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage 

5 Holders 

MGW Investments I Limited (1) 
 24,044,101 
 62.91 

Officers and Directors 

Calvin Pang (2) 
 24,044,101 
 62.91 
 
 Kambiz Mahdi Director and CEO (3) 
 2,317,541 
 6.06 
 
 All directors and officers as a group 
 26,361,642 
 68.97 

1)
Conversion to shares of Common Stock is calculated based on 0.12 for the price of our common stock. 

2)
Calvin Pang has voting and investment power over all of our common stock held by MGW Investment I Limited MGWI ). MGWI
holds 24,044,101 

3)
The shares of common stock are held directly by the Kambiz and Bahareh Mahdi Living Trust and indirectly by Kambiz Mahdi and Bahareh
Mahdi as Trustees. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Director
Independence 

We
have a four-member Board of Directors. Due to the size of our company and the difficulty in finding directors that have experience in
our industry, 2 of our directors can be deemed an independent directors. 

While
our stock is not listed on the New York Stock Exchange, our independent directors would qualify as independent under the rules of the
New York Stock Exchange. 

81 

Review
of Related Person Transactions 

Our
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides guidance for addressing actual or potential conflicts of interests, including those that
may arise from transactions and relationships between us and our executive officers or directors, such as: 

Business
 transaction between the company and any executive are prohibited, unless otherwise approved by the Board; 

Activities
 that may interfere with an executive s performance in carrying out company responsibilities; 

Activities
 that call for the use of the company s influence, resources or facilities; and 

Activities
 that may discredit the name or reputation of the company. 

We
have various procedures in place to identify potential related person transactions, and the Board of Directors and a separate compliance
committee work together in reviewing and considering whether any identified transactions or relationships are covered by the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Please
see note 10 in the notes to the financial statement for a discussion on transactions with related parties. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
aggregate fees billed to us by our principal accountant (Fruci Associates II, PLLC) for services rendered during the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 are set forth in the table below: 

Services: 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 86,844 
 78,294 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 22,500 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 
 4,920 
 
 All Other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 109,344 
 83,214 

(1)
 
 Audit
 fees billed in 2022 and 2021 consisted of fees related to the audit of our annual financial statements, reviews of our quarterly
 financial statements, and statutory and regulatory audits, consents and other services related to filings with the SEC. 

(2)
 
 Audit-related
 fees related to financial accounting and reporting consultations, assurance and related services. 

(3)
 
 Tax
 services consist of tax compliance and tax planning and advice. 

The
Board of Directors pre-approves all auditing services and permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be performed
for us by our independent registered public accounting firm, subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
Section 10A(i)(1)(b) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC. All services rendered by our principal auditor for
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were pre-approved in accordance with the policies and procedures described above. 

Auditor
Independence 

The
Board of Directors has considered whether the provision of the above noted services is compatible with maintaining our independent registered
public accounting firm s independence and has concluded that the provision of such services has not adversely affected the independent
registered public accounting firm s independence. 

82 

Board
of Directors Audit Report to Shareholders 

Since
we do not have a standing Audit Committee our full Board of Directors oversees our financial reporting process. Our management has the
primary responsibility for our financial statements as well as our financial reporting process, principles and internal controls. The
independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for performing an audit of our financial statements and expressing an opinion
as to the conformity of such financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

In
this context, the Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and December
31, 2022 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Board of Directors has discussed with the independent
registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, Professional
Standards , as amended. In addition, the Board of Directors has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent
registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1, Independence Discussions with Audit Committees ,
as currently in effect, and it has discussed their independence with us. 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1)
 Financial Statements: 

The
consolidated financial statements and the related notes are included in Item 8 herein. 

(a)(2)
 Financial Statement Schedule: 

All
schedules have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial
statements or related notes. 

(a)(3)
 Exhibits: 

The
exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index (following the signatures section of this report) are included, or incorporated by reference, in
this annual report. 

(b)
 Exhibits: 

See
Item 15(a)(3) above. 

(c)
 Financial Statement Schedule: 

All
schedules have been omitted as the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial
statements or related notes. 

83 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Costa Mesa, State of California on the 17 day of April,
2023. 

REGISTRANT 

CLEAN
 ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Kambiz Mahdi 

Kambiz
 Mahdi 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: April
 17, 2023 

By:
 
 /s/
 Calvin Pang 

Calvin
 Pang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

Power
of Attorney 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Kambiz Mahdi, and his attorney-in-fact
for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all
that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Kambiz Mahdi 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 By:
 
 Kambiz
 Mahdi 
 
 (principal
 executive officer) 
 
 Date:
 
 April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Calvin Pang 
 
 Director 
 
 By:
 
 Calvin
 Pang 

Date: 
 April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Jun Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 By:
 
 Jun
 Wang 

Date:
 
 April
17, 2023 

/s/
 Yongsheng Lyu 
 
 Director 
 
 By:
 
 Yongsheng
 Lyu 

Date:
 
 April
 17, 2023 

84 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Pursuant
to Item 601(a)(2) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit Index immediately precedes the exhibits. 

The
following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference; in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 

EXHIBIT 
 NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (included as exhibit 3.1 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (included as exhibit 3.2 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

3.3 
 
 Amended ByLaws (included as exhibit 3.03 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 15, 2018). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, dated November 13, 2015, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State (included as exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 12, 2016). 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles dated, June 30, 2016, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State (included as exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 6, 2016). 

3.6 
 
 Amended By-Laws, dated June 30, 2016 (included as exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 6, 2016). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on August 23, 2017 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form S-8 filed on August 28, 2017). 

3.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (included as exhibit 3.8 to the Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, dated May 20, 2004 (included as exhibit 4.2 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005 ). 

4.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dated December 31, 2004 (included as exhibit 4.2 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005 ). 

4.4 
 
 Sample Series A Warrant Purchase Agreement (included as exhibit 4.3 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

4.5 
 
 Sample Series B Warrant Purchase Agreement (included as exhibit 4.4 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

4.6 
 
 Sample Amended Series A Warrant Purchase Agreement (included as exhibit 4.5 to the Form SB-2/A filed on November 25, 2005). 

4.7 
 
 Sample Amended Series B Warrant Purchase Agreement (included as exhibit 4.6 to the Form SB-2/A filed on November 25, 2005 ). 

4.9 
 
 Amended Series A Warrant Agreement (included as exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2008 and amended on November 18, 2008). 

4.10 
 
 Amended Series B Warrant Agreement (included as exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2008 and amended on November 18, 2008). 

4.11 
 
 Probe Manufacturing, Inc. 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan (included as exhibit 4.2 to the Form S-8 filed on April 18, 2011). 

4.12 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated February 13, by and among, the Corporation, ETI IV, Kambiz Mahadi, John Bennett and the Kambiz Bahareh Mahdi Living Trust (included as exhibit 4.24 to the Form 8-K filed on February 14, ). 

4.13 
 
 Description of Securities (included as Exhibit 4.13 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 28, 2020). 

4.13 
 
 Subscription Agreement (included as exhibit 4.13 to the Form 1-A/A filed on December 19, 2019). 

4.14 
 
 Form of Representative Warrant (included as exhibit 4.14 to the Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2023). 

85 

10.1 
 
 Lease Agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. (F.K.A. Probe Manufacturing Industries, Inc. and Reza Zarif and Kambiz Mahdi, dated May 2, 1997 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.2 
 
 Consulting Agreement between Probe Manufacturing Industries and Anthony Reed dated December 31, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.3 
 
 Legal Retainer Agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Jeffrey Conrad dated May 20, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.4 
 
 Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and eFund Capital Partners, LLC dated January 1, 2005 (included as exhibit 10.4 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.5 
 
 Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Ashford Capital, LLC dated January 1, 2005 (included as exhibit 10.5 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.6 
 
 Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Benner Exemption Trust dated March 8, 2005 (included as exhibit 10.6 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.7 
 
 Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Edward Lassiter dated March 22, 2005 (included as exhibit 10.7 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.8 
 
 Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Rufina V. Paniego dated January 1, 2005 (included as exhibit 10.8 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005 ). 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note between Probe Manufacturing, Inc and Ashford Transitional Fund, L.P. dated September 20, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.10 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.10 
 
 Engagement Letter between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and eFund Capital Partners, LLC dated May 20, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.11 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.11 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with eFund Capital Partners, LLC dated May 20, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.12 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005 ). 

10.12 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with Reza Zarif dated May 20, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.13 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005 ). 

10.13 
 
 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with Kambiz Mahdi dated May 20, 2004. (included as exhibit 10.14 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.14 
 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with eFund Capital Partners, LLC dated December 31, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.15 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.15 
 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with Reza Zarif dated December 31, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.16 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.16 
 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with Kambiz Mahdi dated December 31, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.17 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

86 

10.17 
 
 Agreement to Cancel and Return shares of common stock between Probe and eFund Capital Partners, LLC, Ashford Capital, LLC, Reza Zarif, Kambiz Mahdi, dated December 31, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.18 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.18 
 
 Promissory note with eFund Capital Partners, LLC dated October 12, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.19 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.19 
 
 Promissory note with Rufina V. Paniego dated July 14, 2004 (included as exhibit 10.20 to the Form SB-2/A filed on June 10, 2005). 

10.20 
 
 Sample purchase order agreement with Celerity, Inc (included as exhibit 10.20 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

10.21 
 
 Sample purchase order agreement with Newport Corporation (included as exhibit 10.21 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

10.22 
 
 Sample purchase order agreement with Asymteck Corporation (included as exhibit 10.22 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

10.23 
 
 Sample purchase order agreement with Jetline Engineering Corporation (included as exhibit 10.23 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

10.24 
 
 Sample purchase order agreement with our supplier Future Active, Inc (included as exhibit 10.24 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

10.25 
 
 Sample purchase order agreement with our supplier Arrow Electronics, Inc. (included as exhibit 10.25 to the Form SB-2/A filed on October 26, 2005). 

10.26 
 
 Intentionally
 Omitted 

10.27 
 
 Sublease Agreement with Quantum Fuel System Technologies, Inc. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2006). 

10.28 
 
 Form Of Stock Subscription Agreement By And Between Quantum Fuel Systems Technologies Worldwide, Inc. And Probe Manufacturing, Inc. (included as exhibit 99 to our definitive 14D filed on October 5, 2006). 

10.29 
 
 Employment Agreement with Reza Zarif, Chief Executive Officer of Probe Manufacturing, Inc. (included as exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2006). 

10.30 
 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Exchange Agreement with eFund Capital Partners, LLC (included as exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2006). 

10.31 
 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Exchange Agreement with Reza Zarif (included as exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2006). 

10.32 
 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Exchange Agreement with Kambiz Mahdi (included as exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2006 ). 

87 

10.33 
 
 Amended Series C Convertible Preferred Exchange Agreement with eFund Capital Partners, LLC (included as exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2006). 

10.34 
 
 Amended Series C Convertible Preferred Exchange Agreement with Reza Zarif (included as exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2006). 

10.35 
 
 Amended Series C Convertible Preferred Exchange Agreement with Kambiz Mahdi (included as exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed on August 14, 2006). 

10.36 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Kambiz Mahdi dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.37 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Reza Zarif dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.38 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Frank Kavanaugh dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.39 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Kambiz Mahdi dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.40 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Reza Zarif dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.5 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.41 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Rufina Paniego dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.6 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.42 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and eFund Capital Partners, LLC dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.7 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.43 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Benner Exemption Trust dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.8 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.44 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Ed Lassiter dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.9 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.45 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and William Duncan dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.10 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.46 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Hoa Mai dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.11 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.47 
 
 Amended Line of Credit agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Ashford Transition Fund dated August 10, 2006 (included as exhibit 10.12 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.48 
 
 Employee Profit Sharing Plan (included as exhibit 10.13 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.49 
 
 Probe Manufacturing 2006 Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan (included as exhibit 10.14 to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006). 

10.50 
 
 Amended and Restated Series A Warrant Agreement (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2006). 

10.51 
 
 Amended and Restated Series B Warrant Agreement (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2006). 

88 

10.52 
 
 Contract Services Agreement for purchase order No. 43103 between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Mettler Electronics Corp. dated May 8, 2007. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2007). 

10.53 
 
 Contract Services Agreement for purchase order No. 43104 between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Mettler Electronics Corp. dated May 8, 2007. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2007). 

10.55 
 
 Contract Services Agreement for purchase order No. 43104 between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Mettler Electronics Corp. dated May 8, 2007. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2007) 

10.56 
 
 Probe Manufacturing, Inc. 2008 Directors Stock Compensation Plan (included as attachment to PRE14A Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2007). 

10.57 
 
 Employment Letter of John Bennett date February 28, 2008 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 29, 2008 and March 27, 2008). 

10.58 
 
 Amended Sublease Agreement dated May 19, 2008 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2008). 

10.59 
 
 Letter of Intent between Probe Manufacturing and Solar Masters (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2008). 

10.60 
 
 Amended Letter of intent to acquire the assets of Solar Master Company (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on August12, 2008). 

10.61 
 
 Agreement for the sale and purchase of business assets of Solar Masters, LLC date August 13, 2008 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2008). 

10.62 
 
 Executive Consulting Agreement with Barrett Evans (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2008). 

10.63 
 
 Engagement Letter of W. T. Uniack Co. CPA s P.C. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2008 and amended on November 18, 2008). 

10.64 
 
 Letter to Reza Zarif regarding Resignation Letter (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2008 and amended on November 18, 2008). 

10.65 
 
 Resignation letter from Board of Directors. (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2008 and amended on November 18, 2008). 

10.66 
 
 Response from Reza Zarif Regarding 8-K dated September 25, 2008 (included as exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2008 and amended on November 18, 2008). 

10.67 
 
 Settlement Agreement and General release with Reza Zarif, dated June 2009. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009). 

10.68 
 
 Sale of Solar Masters to Solar Masters Acquisition Company dated July 2009 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009). 

10.69 
 
 Sale of Common Stock to KB Development Group, LLC (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009). 

89 

10.70 
 
 Resignation Letters of Barrett Evans and Jeffrey Conrad (included as exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2009). 

10.71 
 
 Summary of lease terms regarding Lease Agreement between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and Benhard Family Trust dated October 14, 2009 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2009). 

10.72 
 
 Accounts Receivable Purchasing Agreement by and between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and DSCH Capital Partners, LLC d/b/a Far West Capital, dated February 17, 2011 and effective as of February 18, 2011 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2011). 

10.73 
 
 Inventory Finance Rider to Accounts Receivable Purchasing Agreement by and between Probe Manufacturing, Inc. and DSCH Capital Partners, LLC d/b/a Far West Capital, dated February 17, 2011 and effective as of February 18, 2011. (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2011). 

10.74 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Acquisition between Probe Manufacturing, Inc., Trident Manufacturing, Inc. and the Shareholders of Trident Manufacturing, Inc., dated March 13, 2013 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2013). 

10.75 
 
 Form of Series D Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2013). 

10.76 
 
 Form of Series F Warrant Agreement (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2013). 

10.77 
 
 Form of Series G Warrant Agreement (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2013). 

10.78 
 
 OEM Agreement between the Company and S-Ray, Incorporated, dated November 21, 2014 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2014). 

10.79 
 
 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2014). 

10.80 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and between the Company and ETI Partners IV LLC, dated as of September 11, 2015 (included as exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015). 

10.81 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and General Electric International, Inc., dated as of September 11, 2015 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015) 

10.82 
 
 Transaction Completion and Financing Agreement, by and between the Company and ETI Partners IV LLC, dated as of September 11, 2015 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015). 

10.83 
 
 Loan, Guarantee, and Collateral Agreement, by and between the Company and ETI Partners IV LLC, dated as of September 11, 2015. (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015). 

10.84 
 
 Securities Purchase agreement between the company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, LP (included as exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 22, 2016). 

10.85 
 
 Subscription Agreement by and between the Company and Cyberfuture One LP, dated October 31, 2016. (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K/A filed on April 20, 2017). 

10.86 
 
 Securities Purchase agreement between the company and Peak One Opportunity Fund, LP (included as exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed on November 18, 2016). 

90 

10.87 
 
 Subscription Agreement by and between the Company and Cyberfuture One LP, dated October 31, 2016 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K/A filed on April 20, 2017). 

10.88 
 
 Escrow Funding Agreement dated November 1, 2016 between Red Dot Investment, Inc., a California corporation and the Registrant (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K/A filed on April 20, 2018). 

10.89 
 
 Partial Debt Settlement Agreement by and between EMA Financial, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the Registrant, dated January 9, 2017 (included as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2017). 

10.90 
 
 Payoff Agreement by and between the Registrant and JSJ Investments, Inc., dated February 13, 2017 (included as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2017). 

10.91 
 
 Credit Agreement and Promissory Note by and between Megawell USA Technology Investment Fund I LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company in formation and the Registrant, dated December 31, 2016 (included as exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2017). 

10.92 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and between MGW Investment I Limited and the Registrant, dated February 13, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.20 to the Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018). 

10.93 
 
 Convertible Note Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the Registrant and Confections Ventures, Inc., dated February 13, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.21 to the Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018). 

10.94 
 
 939,500 Convertible Promissory Note by and between Confections Ventures, Inc. and the Registrant, dated February 13, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.22 to the Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018). 

10.95 
 
 ETI IV LLC Settlement Agreement by and between the Registrant and ETI IV LLC, dated February 13, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.23 to the Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018). 

10.96 
 
 Reddot Settlement Agreement by and between the Registrant and Reddot Investment Inc., dated February 13, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.24 to the Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018). 

10.97 
 
 153,123 Convertible Promissory Note of the Corporation to MGW Investment I Limited, dated February 8, 2018 (included as exhibit 10.25 to the Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2018). 

10.98 
 
 Form of 83,000 Convertible Promissory Note, dated 13, 2018 of Clean Energy Technologies Inc to Power Up Lending Group LTD. (Included as exhibit 10.98 to the Form 1-A/A filed on September 27, 2019) 

10.99 
 
 Form of 138,000 Convertible Promissory Note of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to Power Up Lending LTD dated February 13, 2019. (Included as exhibit 10.99 to the Form 1-A/A filed on September 27, 2019) 

10.100 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc and John Bennett dated May 17, 2019 and effective May 1, 2019. (Included as exhibit 10.100 to the Form 1-A/A filed on September 27, 2019) 

10.101 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and MGW Investment I Limited, dated May 31, 2019. (Included as exhibit 10.101 to the Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2019). 

10.102 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Power-Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated October 29, 2019 (Included as exhibit 10.102 to the Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019). 

10.103 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note between Power-Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated October 29, 2019 (Included as exhibit 10.102 to the Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2019). 

10.104 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Power-Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated January 8, 2020 (Included as exhibit 10.104 to the Form 10-K filed on June 4, 2020). 

10.105 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note between Power-Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated January 8, 2020 (Included as exhibit 10.105 to the Form 10-K filed on June 4, 2020). 

91 

10.106 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Power-Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated February 20, 2020 (Included as exhibit 10.106 to the Form 10-K filed on June 4, 2020). 

10.107 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note between Power-Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated October 29, 2019 (Included as exhibit 10.107 to the Form 10-K filed on June 4, 2020). 

10.108 
 
 Employment Agreement between Kambiz Mahdi and Form of Convertible Promissory Note between Power-Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., effective July 1, 2019 (Included as exhibit 10.108 to the Form 10-K filed on June 4, 2020). 

10.109 
 
 Form of Equity Financing Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC, dated as of June 8, 2020 (Included as exhibit 10.109 to the Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2020). 

10.110 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC, dated as of June 8, 2020 (Included as exhibit 10.110 to the Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2020). 

10.111 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 6, 2020, by and between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (Included as exhibit 10.111 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2020). 

10.112 
 
 Form of 164,800 Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 6, 2020, issued by Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to LGH Investments, LLC(Included as exhibit 10.112 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2020). 

10.113 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated July 6, 2020, issued by Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to LGH Investments, LLC (Included as exhibit 10.113 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2020). 

10.114 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 6, 2020 , by and between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (Included as exhibit 10.114 to the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 

10.115 
 
 Form of 164,800 Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 18, 2020, issued by Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to LGH Investments, LLC (Included as exhibit 10.115 to the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 

10.116 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 18, 2020, issued by Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to LGH Investments, LLC (Included as exhibit 10.116 to the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 

10.117 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between PowerUp Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated July 15, 2020 (Included as exhibit 10.117 to the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 

10.118 
 
 Form of Convertible 128,000 Promissory Note between PowerUp Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated July 15, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.118 to the Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020). 

92 

10.119 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 14, 2020, by and between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and LGH Investments, LLC (Included as exhibit 10.119 to the Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2020). 

10.120 
 
 Form of 164,800 Convertible Promissory Note, dated October 14, 2020, issued by Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to LGH Investments, LLC. (Included as exhibit 10.120 to the Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2020). 

10.121 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated October 14, 2020, issued by Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to LGH Investments, LLC. (Included as exhibit 10.121 to the Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2020). 

10.122 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between PowerUp Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated September 9, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.122 to the Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2020) 

10.123 
 
 Form of Convertible 63,000 Promissory Note between PowerUp Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated September 9, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.123 to the Form 8-K filed on October 19, 2020). 

10.124 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Power Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated as of November 10, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.124 to the Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020) 

10.125 
 
 Form of Convertible 53,000 Promissory Note between Power Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated as of November 10, 2020 (Included as exhibit 10.125 to the Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020). 

10.126 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Power Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated as of December 18, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.126 to the Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2020) 

10.127 
 
 Form of Convertible 53,000 Promissory Note between Power Up Lending Group Ltd. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated as of December 18, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.126 to the Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2020). 

10.128 
 
 Form of Equity Financing Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC, dated as of August 31, 2021 (Included as exhibit 10.132 to the Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2021 . 

10.129 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments, LLC, dated as of August 31, 2021 (Included as exhibit 10.132 to the Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2021 . 

10.130 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc., dated as of August 31, 2021 (Included as exhibit 10.132 to the Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021 ). 

10.131 
 
 Form of 226,345 Original Issue Discount Note, due September 7, 2022, with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc. carrying 10 interest per annum (Included as exhibit 10.132 to the Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021 ). 

10.132 
 
 Form of 226,345 Original Issue Discount Note, due September 7, 2022, with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc. carrying 10 interest per annum dated September 28, 2021 (Included as exhibit 10.132 to the Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021). 

93 

10.133 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings Inc., dated as of August 31, 2021 (Included as exhibit 10.133 to the Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021). 

10.134 
 
 Form of The Conditional Stock Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies (H.K.) Limited., a wholly owned subsidiary of Clean Energy Technologies Inc. and Mr. Li Chin-kun, dated as of November 8, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.134 to the Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2021) 

10.135 
 
 Form of Convertible 650,000 Promissory Note between Universal Scope, Inc. and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc., dated as of December 18, 2020. (Included as exhibit 10.135 to the Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2021) 

10.136 
 
 Translated Form of Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement between Shenzhen Gas between Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International Co., Limited and Leading Wave Limited, dates August 20, 2021 

10.137 
 
 Translated Form of 12 Convertible Promissory Note of Chengdu Rongjun Enterpirse Consulting Co., Ltd to Jiangsu Huanya Jieneng New Energy Co., Ltd. Yuan 5,000,000. 

10.138 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated May 6, 2022. (Included as exhibit 10.138 to the Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022) 

10.139 
 
 Form of 750,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated May 6, 2022. (Included as exhibit 10.139 to the Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022) 

10.140 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as exhibit 10.140 to the Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2022) 

10.141 
 
 2006 Incentive Stock Plan of the Company (Included as Exhibit 10.14 of Probe Manufacturing to the Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2006) 

10.142 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Jefferson Street Capital, LLC. dated August 5, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.142 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2022) 

10.143 
 
 Form of 138,888.88 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 5, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.143 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2022) 

10.144 
 
 Form of Jefferson Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.144 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2022) 

10.145 
 
 Form of 750,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated August 17, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.145 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022) 

10.146 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and FirstFire Global Opportunities Fund, LLC. dated August 17, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.146 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2022) 

10.147 
 
 Form of First Fire Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.147 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2022) 

10.148 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Pacific Global Opportunities Fund, LLC. dated September 1, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.148 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2022) 

94 

10.149 
 
 Form of 138,888.88 Convertible Promissory Note dated September 1, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.149 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2022) 

10.150 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.150 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2022) 

10.151 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated September 16, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.151 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2022) 

10.152 
 
 Form of 300,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated September 23, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.152 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2022) 

10.153 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.153 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2022) 

10.154 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated October 25, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.154 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2022) 

10.155 
 
 Form of Promissory Note dated October 25, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.155 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2022) 

10.156 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.155 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2022) 

10.157 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated November 10, 2022. (Included
 as Exhibit 10.157 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022) 

10.158 
 
 Form of Promissory Note dated November 10, 2022. (Included as Exhibit 10.158 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022) 

10.159 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.159 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022) 

10.160 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC dated December 5, 2022 (Included as Exhibit 10.160 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022). 

10.161 
 
 Form of Promissory Note dated December 5, 2022 (Included as Exhibit 10.161 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022). 

10.162 
 
 Form of Operating Agreement between CETY Capital LLC and Synergy Bioproducts Corporation, dated December 14, 2022 (Included as Exhibit 10.162 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2022). 

10.163 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated December 26, 2022 (Included as Exhibit 10.163 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2023). 

10.164 
 
 Form of 123,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated December 26, 2022 (Included as Exhibit 10.164 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2023). 

10.165 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.165 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2023). 

10.166 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated January 19, 2023 (Included as Exhibit 10.166 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2023). 

10.167 
 
 Form of 187,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated January 19, 2023 (Included as Exhibit 10.167 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2023). 

10.168 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.168 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2023) 

10.169 
 
 Form of Calvin Pang Employment Agreement (Included as Exhibit 10.169 of the Company on Form S-1/A filed on February 14, 2023) 

95 

10.170 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, dated February 10, 2023 (Included as Exhibit 10.170 of the Company on Form S-1/A filed on March 2, 2023) 

10.171 
 
 Form of 258,521 Promissory Note of Clean Energy Technologies to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, February 10, 2023 (Included as Exhibit 10.171 of the Company on Form S-1/A filed on March 2, 2023) 

10.172 
 
 Form of Master Services Agreement between RPG Global LLC and Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (Included as Exhibit 10.172 of the Company on Form S-1/A filed on March 2, 2023) 

10.173 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated March 8, 2023 (Included as Exhibit 10.173 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2023). 

10.174 
 
 Form of 734,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated March 8, 2023 (Included as Exhibit 10.174 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2023). 

10.175 
 
 Form of Warrant (Included as Exhibit 10.175 of the Company on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2023) 

10.176 
 
 Form of 135,005 Promissory Note of Clean Energy Technologies to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, March 6, 2023 (Included as Exhibit 10.176 of the Company on Form S-1/A filed on March 20, 2023) 

10.177 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2023 between Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC. (Included as Exhibit 10.177 of the Company on Form S-1/A filed on March 20, 2023) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (included as exhibit 14.1 to the Form 10-KSB on April 17, 2006). 

14.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, adopted September 23, 2011 (included as exhibit 14.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2011). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of the Independent Auditor 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

96 

<EX-10.136>
 2
 ex10-136.htm

Exhibit 10.136 

Agreement Number XGSR-21-040 

Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International Co., Limited 

and 

Leading Wave Limited 

Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement 

2021 August 30 

Guangdong Shenzhen 

Party A: Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International
Co., Limited 

Company Registration No.:1640848 

Registered Address: Block F, 20/F, Seabright Plaza,
9-23 Shell St., North Point, Hong Kong 

Party B: Leading Wave Limited 

Company Registration No.: 218629 

Registered Address: Sertus Chambers, 2/F, The Quadrant,
Manglier Street, Victoria, Mahe, Republic of Seychelles. 

After extensive exchanges and
in-depth communication, both parties have reached an agreement on the establishment of an in-depth strategic cooperative relationship
based on the principles of equality, voluntariness, mutual benefit, and long-term friendly cooperation, and signed this agreement for
mutual compliance by both parties. 

1. 
 Cooperation Purpose and Objectives 

Create synergistic advantages
and win-win situations between both parties through close cooperation on projects, management training, and operational integration. 

Complete a portfolio of mergers
and acquisitions with an annual net profit of CNY 300-500 million in the next five years, and reach an investment scale of CNY 3-5 billion. 

1 /5 

2. 
 Scope of Cooperation 

Focus on the mergers and acquisitions
of urban municipal natural gas companies (including but not limited to individual private company acquisitions, private packaged deal
asset acquisitions, packaged acquisitions from local governments etc.) that are in the business of natural gas (LNG, pipelines) trade,
clean energy development and infrastructure, pipeline investment, construction and operation, regional energy supply, urban smart energy
management, energy utilization consulting services, etc. The acquisitions will be centered in the Sichuan Province, but can extend to
any province or city that Party B has an edge in. 

3. 
 Mode of Cooperation 

The two parties will establish
a joint venture company in Hong Kong to realize the cooperation objectives. The two parties will initiate the establishment of the joint
venture company when both parties have identified the first target company to be acquired. 

4. 
 Cooperation Platform 

1. The two parties will use the
joint venture company as the main entity to acquire the natural gas companies. If there are additional considerations, the joint venture
company will SPVs to carry out the acquisitions or investments on a deal by deal basis. 

2. Party A will own 51 of the
joint venture; Party B will own 49 of the joint venture. The terms of the joint venture will be subject to the final shareholders agreement. 

3. Both parties agree to carry
out business activities including but not limited to share acquisitions, asset reorganizations, etc. through the joint venture company
or other SPVs recognized by both parties. 

5. 
 Responsibilities 

The overall operation and management
of the joint venture company shall comply with the internal regulations and control systems of Shenzhen Gas Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter
referred to as Shenzhen Gas ), the mother company of Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International Co., Limited. This includes is
but not limited to party discipline inspection, financial management, human resource management, investment financing management, etc.
Based on a reasonable division of labor, the two parties each appoint corresponding management personnel, and the division of labor is
as follows 

1. 
 Party A Responsibilities 

1. Party A is responsible for
the overall financing of the joint venture platform, and provides financial support when the registered capital of the joint venture platform
cannot meet the capital needs of the acquisitions. Party A will provide the corresponding amount of capital required by the joint venture
company according to the scale and progress of the acquisitions. The cost of funds provided by Party A shall not be higher than the comprehensive
cost of funds of Shenzhen Gas and Party A 

2 /5 

2. Party A is responsible for
the independent third-party due diligence and other related expenses required by Shenzhen Gas and Party A s decision-making process
for all potential acquisitions on the joint venture platform (In principle, financial due diligence and audit costs and relevant expenses
shall be borne by the joint venture, assuming both parties require third-party audits on the potential acquisitions). 

3. Shenzhen Gas or Party A has
the right of first refusal to acquire the assets under the joint venture company. The specific purchase arrangement is subject to the
joint venture agreement signed by both parties. 

2. 
 Party B Responsibilities 

1. Party B and its operation
team are responsible for collecting information on potential acquisition targets, complete basic data sorting and providing investment
summary and recommendations to the joint venture for screening. Each potential acquisition target should meet the following criteria:
annual gas sales volume is not less than 10 million cubic meters/year, or net profit is not lower than CNY 5 million annually. Targets
that have significant growth potential can also be considered. 

2. Party B and its operating
team are responsible for assisting the joint venture company to complete the due diligence and to negotiate for best terms on proposed
acquisitions or investments in accordance with the project investment management regulations of Shenzhen Gas and the joint venture, as
well as maximize 

3. Party B and its operating
team will manage the operations of acquired targets by the joint venture company by optimizing the upstream gas supply and unlocking the
potential of the downstream market to enhance the profitability of the acquired company. 

4. As one of the shareholders
of the joint venture, Party B and Party A jointly assume the potential risks of the acquisitions of the joint venture company. The joint
venture company serves as a vehicle for company acquisition and integration to reduce investment risk exposure for Shenzhen Gas and Party
A. 

5. In the course of this cooperation,
if Party A independently raises funds for the joint venture company, Party B must pledge 49 of its equity in the joint venture company
to Party A or a third party designated by Party A; at the same time, Party B agrees to the pledge the equity of the acquired companies
held by the joint venture company to Party A or a third party designated by Party A. 

3 /5 

6. Party B and its operating
team are responsible for assisting the joint venture company by creating a strategic network of regional companies from the acquisitions
through upstream gas source optimization, pipeline gas trading, new regional pipelines and provision of regional energy supply services,
etc. The integration of all potential acquisitions requires significant coordination. Party B will also explore potential new value-added
businesses based on the pain points of the market in order to increase the profitability of the acquired companies. Party B will strive
to create an integrated large-scale operation with regional characteristics through selective acquisitions for Shenzhen Gas in 3-5 years. 

6. 
 Confidentiality 

Both parties confirm and agree
that, prior to the signing of this agreement and during the duration of this agreement, one party (the disclosing party has disclosed to the other party (the receiving party all information related to project operations, financial status,
technology, etc. (regardless of the medium performance And the content of this agreement shall be confidential information (hereinafter
referred to as confidential information ). Unless the parties agree otherwise in writing, the party receiving (knowing) the
confidential information shall keep the confidential information confidential. The recipient shall not use or disclose confidential information
to any third party except for the purpose of disclosing to its shareholders, directors, management, employees, and professional consultants
for the purpose of the project or to comply with relevant laws, regulations or applicable listed company rules. This agreement will continue
to be effective until the confidential information enters the public domain not due to the recipient s reasons. 

7. 
 Others 

1. This agreement is an agreement
of intent to cooperate between the two parties and is non-binding. Before signing the formal joint venture agreement, both parties shall
adhere to the terms agreed in this agreement. Both parties need to agree on any changes to this agreement and sign a supplementary agreement.
The actual acquisitions carried out by both parties shall be subject to the final joint venture agreement signed. 

2. This agreement is signed in
Futian District, Shenzhen. The signing, performance and dispute resolution of this agreement are governed by the laws of the People s
Republic of China (for the purpose of this agreement, the laws of Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan are not included).
If the two parties have disputes arising from the performance of this agreement, they shall be settled through friendly negotiation. If
the negotiation fails, either party may bring a lawsuit to the people s court with jurisdiction in the place where the contract
was signed. 

3. This agreement will become
effective after being signed by the authorized person of both parties. Unless this agreement is replaced by another agreement/contract
signed by both parties or both parties agree to extend its validity period, this agreement will be valid for two years and will be automatically
terminated after expiration. 

4. This agreement is in four
copies, and both parties hold two copies, which have the same legal effect. 

No Text Below 

4 /5 

No text on this page.
This is the signing page of the Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement between Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International Co., Limited
and Leading Wave Limited 

Party A Shenzhen Gas (Hong Kong) International
Co., Limited 

Authorized signatory 

Date: 

Party B Leading Wave Limited 

Authorized signatory 

Date: 

5 /5 

</EX-10.136>

<EX-10.137>
 3
 ex10-137.htm

Exhibit
10.137 

12 
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE 

5,000,000.00 
 China
 (Jiangsu) Pilot Free Trade Zone 

MATURITY
DATE OF January 10, 2025 THE MATURITY DATE 
JANUARY 10, 2022 THE ISSUANCE DATE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, Chengdu Rongjun Enterprise Consulting Co., Ltd., a limited Borrower registered in China, Unified Social Credit Code 91510100091298948U Borrower hereby promises to pay to Jiangsu Huanya Jieneng New Energy Co., Ltd., a limited Lender registered in China
Unified Social Credit Code 91320703MA267AP00F (the Holder ), the principal amount (the Principal Amount of 5,000,000.00 (Five Million Yuan) as evidenced by this Promissory Note (the Note ), on or before January 10, 2025
(the Maturity Date ), and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of Twelve Percent (12 per
annum (the Interest Rate commencing on the date hereof (the Issuance Date ).The Borrower hereby acknowledges
receipt of the Principal Amount from Holder. 

1.
Payments of Principal and Interest. 

a.
Pre-payment Payment of Principal and Interest. The Borrower may pre-pay principal or interest on this Note at any time prior to the
Maturity Date, without penalty. 

b.
Interest. This Note shall bear interest Interest at the rate of Twelve Percent (12 per annum from the Issuance
Date until all outstanding interest and principal is paid in full, or otherwise converted in accordance with Section 2 below, and the
Holder, may include any accrued but unpaid Interest in the Conversion Amount. Interest shall commence accruing on the Issuance Date,
shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed and shall accrue daily. All outstanding interest
shall be paid in full beginning January __, 2023 on each yearly anniversary thereafter. Upon an Event of Default, as defined in Section
10 below, the Interest Rate shall increase to Eighteen Percent (18 per annum for so long as the Event of Default is continuing Default
Interest ). 

c.
General Payment Provisions. This Note shall be paid in lawful money of the Peoples Republic of China bycheck or wire transfer to
such account as the Holder may from time to time designate by written notice tothe Borrower in accordance with the provisions of this
Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due bythe terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day (as defined below),
the same shallinstead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day and, in the case of any interest paymentdate which is
not the date on which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof shall not betaken into account for purposes of
determining the amount of interest due on such date. For purposes of thisNote, Business Day shall mean any day other than
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banksin the Beijing, China are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain
closed. 

1 

2.
Conversion of Note. This Note shall be convertible directly or indirectly into shares or equity interest of Heze Hongyuan Natural
Gas (the Equity Interests equal to 15 of Heze s outstanding Equity Interest on the date hereof. In the event there
are future sales of Equity Interests, the conversion amount shall be adjusted lower on a pro rata basis to all other holders of Equity
Interest in Heze. This Note may be converted at any time by the Holder providing written notice to the Borrower. 

3.
Other Rights of Holder: Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or Sale. Any recapitalization, reorganization, reclassification,
consolidation, merger, sale of all or substantially all of the Borrower s assets to another person or entity or other transaction
which is effected in such a way that holders of Equity Interests are entitled to receive (either directly or upon subsequent liquidation)
stock, securities, equity interests, cash or other assets with respect to or in exchange for Equity Interests, a written agreement (in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to deliver to Holder in exchange for this Note, a security of the Acquiring
Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar inform and substance to this Note reasonably satisfactory to the Holder.
Heze shall make appropriate provision (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to ensure that the Holder will thereafter
have the right to acquire and receive, such shares of stock, securities, cash or other assets that would have been Issued or payable
in such transaction. 

4.
Security Interest. The Borrower s controlling shareholder hereby pleges all of the Borrower s shares held by it as security
for this Note. 

5.
Voting Rights. The Holder of this Note shall have no voting rights as a note holder. 

6.
Default and Remedies. 

a.
Event of Default. For purposes of this Note, an Event of Default shall occur upon: 

i.
the Borrower s default in the payment of the outstanding principal, Interest or Default Interest of this Note when due, whether
at the Maturity Date, acceleration or otherwise, after being given 10 Business Days to cure; 

ii.
the Borrower s breach of any material covenants, warranties, or representations made by the Borrower herein or in the Loan Agreement
or Security Agreement. 

iii.
the cessation of operations of the Borrower or Heze or a material subsidiary; 

iv.
the Borrower or Heze pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law; (a) commences a voluntary case; (b) consents to the entry
of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case; (c) consents to the appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially
all of its property; or (d) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

v.
a court of competent jurisdiction entering an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (a) is for relief against the Borrower or
Heze in an involuntary case; (b) appoints a Custodian of the Borrower or Heze or for all or substantially all of its property; or (c)
orders the liquidation of the Borrower or Heze or any subsidiary, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for thirty (30)
days; 

2 

b.
Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs, the Holder may in its sole discretion determine to request immediate repayment of all or
any portion of the Note that remains outstanding; at such time the Borrower will be required to pay the Borrower the Default Amount (defined
herein) in cash. For purposes hereof, the Default Amount shall mean: the product of (A) the then outstanding principal
amount of the Note, plus accrued Interest and Default Interest, divided by (B) the Conversion Price as determined on the Issuance Date.
If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within thirty (30) Business Days of written notice that such amount is due and payable,
then Holder shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in default (and so long and to the extent there are a sufficient
number of authorized but unissued shares), to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the
number of Equity Interests of Heze equal to 15 of the Equity Interests in Heze. 

7.
Amendment of this Note. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower
and the Holder. 

8.
Payment of Collection, Enforcement and Other Costs. If: (i) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement
or is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding; or (ii) an attorney is retained to represent the Holder of this Note in any
bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceedings affecting creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note,
then the Borrower shall pay to the Holder all reasonable attorneys fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, in
addition to all other amounts due hereunder. 

9.
Waiver of Notice. To the extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives demand, notice, protest and all other demands and notices
in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note. 

10.
Governing Law. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the laws of People s Republic of China, without giving effect
to provisions thereof regarding conflict of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the state
and federal courts sitting in People s Republic of China for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding
is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives
personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by sending, through certified
mail or overnight courier, a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLYWAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND
AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OFANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
OR ANYTRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

3 

11.
Specific Shall Not Limit General; Construction. No specific provision contained in this Note shall limit or modify anymore general
provision contained herein. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Borrower and the Holder and shall not be construed
against any person as the drafter hereof. 

12.
Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
further exercise 

13.
Notices. All notices and other communications given or made to the Borrower pursuant hereto shall be in writing(including facsimile
or similar electronic transmissions) and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon personal delivery, (ii) when sent by electronic
mail or facsimile, as deemed received by the close of business on the date sent,(iii) five (5) days after having been sent by registered
or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or(iv) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery. All communications shall be sent either by email, or fax, or to the email address or facsimile
number set forth on the signature page hereto. The physical address, email address, and phone number provided on the signature page hereto
shall be considered valid pursuant to the above stipulations; should the Borrower s contact information change from that listed
on the signature page, it is incumbent on the Borrower to inform the Holder. 

14.
Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall
be excluded from this Agreement and the rest of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

15.
Usury . If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing
usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under
applicable law. The Borrower covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not seek to claim or take advantage of
any law that would prohibit or forgive the Borrower from paying all or aportion of the principal, Interest or Default Interest on this
Note. 

16.
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon all successors and assigns hereto 

[Signature
Page follows] 

4 

This
Note has been duly authorized and validly executed by the authorized officer of the Borrower, on the Issuance Date 

CHENGDU
 RONGJUN ENTERPRISE CONSULTING CO., LTD. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Registered
Address No. 1416, 14th Floor, Unit 1, Building 1, No. 99, Section 3, Zhonghe Avenue, High-tech Zone, Chengdu 
Email: 
Phone 

5 

</EX-10.137>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Clean
Energy HRS LLC 

 CETY
Europe, SRL 

 CETY
CAP LLC 

 CETY
Hong Kong 

 Hainan
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Meishan
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 

 Leading
Wave Limited (Seychelles) 

 Element
Capital International Limited (H.K.) 

 Sichuan
Hunya Jieneng New Energy Co. LTD 

 Jiangsu
Huanya Jieneng New Energy Co., Ltd. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 . 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference of our audit report in the outstanding Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-266078)
of our audit report dated April 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our report relating to those financial statements includes an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding
substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Spokane, Washington 

 April
17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 

I, Kambiz Mahdi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ KAMBIZ MAHDI 

Kambiz Mahdi, 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Calvin Pang, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2022. 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ CALVIN PANG 

Calvin Pang, 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 
1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 

(i) the accompanying Annual
Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Kambiz Mahdi 

Kambiz Mahdi 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Clean Energy Technologies,
Inc. (the Company hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that: 

(i)
the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Calvin Pang 

Calvin Pang 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 cety-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 cety-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 cety-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 cety-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

