<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230615_10-K_edgar_data_96885_0001185185-23-000638.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7408846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>189948</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1279051</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2371530</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1592605</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1791385</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-23-000638.hdr.sgml : 20230615
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230615100106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-23-000638
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230615
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230615

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TEL INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096885
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		IRS NUMBER:				221441806
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31990
		FILM NUMBER:		231016196

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2019331600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BRANCA ROAD
		CITY:			EAST RUTHERFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07073

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-23-000638.txt : 20230615

10-K
 1
 telinstru20230331_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

telinstru20230331_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) 	 	 	 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 , 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 (Address of principal executive offices) 	 	 	 (Zip Code) 	 	 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Title of each class 	 	 	 	 	 	 Trading Symbol(s) 	 	 	 	 	 	 Name of each exchange on which registered 	 	 	 	 	 N/A 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 N/A 	 	 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by checkmark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller reporting company 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 	 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates on September 30, 2022 (the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was based on the closing price of 1.94 on September 30, 2022. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

shares of common stock, par value 0.10 per share, were outstanding as of June 14, 2023. 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. 

Page 

Item 1. 

Business 

5 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

11 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

11 

Item 2. 

Properties 

12 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

12 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

13 

PART II. 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

14 

Item 6. 

Reserved 

15 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

15 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

23 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

24 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

52 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

52 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

52 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

52 

PART III. 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

53 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

56 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

58 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

61 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

62 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

63 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

64 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A and Section 21E of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties, as well as historical information. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-looking statements. Statements that include words such as may, will, might, projects, expects, plans, believes, anticipates, targets, intends, hopes, aims, can, should, could, would, goal, potential, approximately, estimate, pro forma, continue or pursue or the negative of these words or other words or expressions of similar meaning may identify forward-looking statements. For example, forward-looking statements include any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services, or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; statements of belief and any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Important factors that could cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to differ from these forward-looking statements include the following: 

the availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; 

the financial impact of the Aeroflex litigation; 

our ability to manage general economic, business, and geopolitical conditions, including the impacts of natural disasters, pandemics and outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the recovery of market conditions, including our dependence on customers' capital budgets for sales of products and services, and adverse impacts on costs and the demand for our products as a result of factors such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the implementation of tariffs; 

economic, competitive, demographic, business, and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

changes in our business and growth strategy; 

changes or developments in laws, regulations, or taxes in the electronics/aerospace industry; 

actions taken or not taken by third parties, including our vendors, customers, and competitors; 

the availability of additional capital; and 

other factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other documents referred to and relate to a variety of matters. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions of future events and Tel-Instrument Electronics, Corp. (the Company cannot assure you that the events or circumstances discussed or reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. Furthermore, if such forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by the Company or any other person that the Company will achieve its objectives and plans in any specified timeframe, or at all. These forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these and other factors. We undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether to reflect events or circumstances after the date initially filed or published, to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or otherwise unless required by applicable law. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. Tel, TIC or the Company has been in business since 1947 and based in East Rutherford NJ. The Company is a leading designer and manufacturer of avionics test and measurement instruments for the global, commercial air transport, general aviation, and government/military defense markets. Tel provides instruments to test, measure, calibrate, and repair a wide range of airborne navigation and communication equipment. The Company sells its equipment in both domestic and international markets that range in list price from 13,900 to 99,900. Tel continues to develop new products in anticipation of customers needs and to maintain its strong market position. Its development of multi-function testers has made it easier for customers to perform ramp tests with less operator training, fewer test sets, and lower product support costs. The Company has become a major manufacturer and supplier of Identification Friend or Foe IFF flight line test equipment over the last two decades. 

The Company is publicly traded and was quoted on the Over-the-Counter Market Place OTCQB under the symbol TIKK. 

The Company continues to pursue opportunities in the domestic and international market for our Mode 5 test sets. The international market has been slow over the last year due in part to the recent strength of the dollar. We are still expecting a large follow-on order from the German government within the next six months for 1.6 million. We continue to receive orders from the U.S. Government and Lockheed Martin for our AN/USM-708 and 719 CRAFT Mode 5 test sets. Our expectation is that orders and back-log will improve this fiscal year as the SDR/OMNI test set enters the marketplace. We are also in negotiations with the U.S. Army on a funded software upgrade to the TS-4530A product in the amount of 0.9 million It is also possible that the USAF will elect to upgrade its TS-4530A units as well. This is high-margin business as the development work has largely been completed. 

TIC has also received a 2.9 million funded ECP contract from the U.S. Navy to take out product obsolescence from the CRAFT units. The development and testing contract is expected to be completed within the next 18 months. TIC will then upgrade the Navy units with new printed circuit boards PCB s and software which is expected to generate revenues of almost 20 million from the Navy over a four-year period. This could also generate substantial revenues from other CRAFT customers that need the updated software and hardware. 

TIC is also exploring new avenues to broaden its product portfolio including designing a high frequency test set for the Lockheed Martin F-35 program. This contract takes advantage of our expertise in RF technology. This is a completely new market for TIC as it involves high frequency communication signals. This contract includes non-recurring engineering funding and expected annual production revenues in the 600,000 range. TIC has successfully completed the engineering portion of the program and is waiting for a production order. TIC will continue to explore funded engineering programs of this nature as this is high margin business that helps diversify and expand our product portfolio. 

The main focus area for the Company is moving into the secure communications testing. The key for long-term sustained growth will be to supplement our strong position in military Mode 5 transponder testing with dominant product offerings in the much larger commercial and military communications and navigation test set market. TIC has spent several years and millions of dollars in developing our ground-breaking SDR/OMNI product which is meant to address both the commercial market for transponder and navigation test sets as well as competing in the military secure comm test set market. The SDR/OMNI supports a wide frequency range to accommodate new commercial and military waveforms in an industry leading 4-pound package. This is approximately half the weight of competitive test sets. It is also the only new multi-purpose test set which meets the Class 1 military environmental specifications. It utilizes the latest touch screen technology and has the capability to replace all TIC commercial test sets and military flight-line test sets with one handheld product. The Company started initial production deliveries in December 2022. There are several companies competing in this market space, but we believe that our SDR/OMNI design will be extremely competitive, particularly for military applications. 

5

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business (continued) 

General (continued) 

Company Response to COVID-19 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, which causes the disease known as COVID-19, was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. Since then, COVID-19 coronavirus has spread globally. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic and the U.S. government imposed travel restrictions on travel between the United States, Europe, and certain other countries. The impact of this pandemic has been, and will likely continue to be, extensive in many aspects of society, which has resulted, and will likely continue to result, in significant disruptions to the global economy as well as businesses and capital markets around the world. 

On September 9, 2021, President Biden announced Executive Order 14042 Executive Order and related initiatives designed to lead the country out of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Executive Order includes policies that will require employees of contractors that do business with the federal government to be vaccinated. On September 24, 2021, The Safer Federal Workforce Task Force released COVID-19 vaccine guidance for Federal contractors and subcontractors. According to this guidance, covered employees must be fully vaccinated by December 8, 2021, or at the latest, by the first day of performance on a covered contract, absent the need for a disability or religious accommodation. In addition, covered contractors must follow the CDC s mask and physical distance requirements for covered contractor employees and visitors. The Executive Order and the guidance apply to any prime contractor or subcontractor that is a party to a contract or contract-like instrument that includes a clause incorporating the requirements of the Executive Order. The new clause applied on or after October 15, 2021, to only new federal contracts, solicitations, contract extensions and renewals whose value exceeds 250,000. TIC currently does not have any federal contracts or similar contract-like instruments that are in excess of 250,000, however the vast majority of the TIC employees are fully vaccinated. 

On August 31, 2022, the Biden administration updated its Safer Federal Workforce Task Force guidance on the federal contractor COVID-19 vaccine mandate. According to the new guidance, the Federal Government will take no action to implement or enforce Executive Order 14042. For existing contracts or contract-like instruments (hereinafter contracts that contain a clause implementing requirements of Executive Order 14042, the Government will take no action to enforce the clause implementing requirements of Executive Order 14042, absent further written notice from the agency. 

6

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business (continued) 

General (continued) 

Mode 5 Identification Friend or Foe IFF Products 

T-47/M5 Dual Crypto Test Set 

This test set has been well-received in the market, especially in the international market. It is designed as a KIV 77/KIV78 Mode 5 upgrade for the approximately 2,000 AN/APM-480A and T-47 series Mode 4 IFF test sets that the Company has sold both domestically and internationally. This will be a cost-efficient upgrade to Mode 5 for our large installed customer base. The T-47/M5 capabilities allow full testing, simulation, and analysis of the following systems: Interrogator/Transponder Test set for Modes 1, 2, 3A, C, S, EHS, ADS-B TX and RX with 4 and Mode 5, TACAN, TCAS I, II and E-TCAS. The T-47/M5 utilizes the KIV-77, SIT 2010 or the KIV-78 Crypto applique (not included) for Mode 5 testing and built in USB connection available for remote diagnostic testing and download of test results to a PC. 

The T-47/M5 performs the following tests: 

Comprehensive Interrogator and Transponder test Modes 1, 2, 3A, C, S, EHS, Mode 4 and Mode 5 

Multi Crypto Capable - Out of the Box - No Mods or added options needed 

Full TACAN testing of A/A, G/A, and A/A BCN on all 252 TACAN channels X and Y 

TCAS I, TCAS II and E-TCAS airborne systems intruder simulations 

Mode 5 testing with a built in powered bay for the KIV-77, SIT 2010 and KIV-78 Crypto Applique 

Full Testing of ADS-B in compliance with RTCA DO-260 A and B requirements 

Light Weight compact package in a MILSPEC Class 1 Container 

Long Lasting Battery 

Supports Remote Client testing utilizing USB connection to any laptop or desktop computer 

Large Full Color Display with User Friendly easy to navigate interface 

We have already sold approximately 13 million of these test sets to both domestically and internationally. TIC believes this product will continue to support our future growth and profitability. Tel has also received U.S. DOD AIMS certification for the T-47/M5 Test Set and is working on an updated approval for the most recent software build. 

TS-4530A IFF Test Set 

The TS-4530A test set provides simple to use GO/NO-GO operation. The TS-4530A, developed under a U.S. Army contract, now tests IFF Mode 5, ADS-B, EHS, and TCAS. The TS-4530A includes a large 8 line, color display and a new 3-button switch assembly that adds a 4-way directional toggle action for improved usability. The upper housing includes a built-in KIV-77 CCI appliqu enclosure. 

Based on a new, highly integrated digital architecture; the TS-4530A performs the following tests: 

Transponder: Modes 1, 2, 3/A, C, 4 Mode S, EHS (Enhanced Surveillance) and Mode 5 (Levels 1 2) 

ADS-B In and Out (transmit and receive) testing 

Built in GPS with integrated GPS antenna provides accurate Date, TOD and LAT/LONG for positioning 

Simple to use GO/NO-GO operation 

Selected Mode S BDS register information 

7

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business (continued) 

General (continued) 

We have delivered over 3,540 TS-4530A kits and test sets. The U.S. Army plans to upgrade the software for its units to provide increased functionality such as the addition of Mode 5 Level 2B. It is also possible that the U.S. Air Force will upgrade its TS-4530A units which would entail an additional funded contract. 

T-4530i IFF Test Set 

This new test is a software/hardware upgrade of the TS-4530A product. The lead customer for this test is the German military. This unit includes extended life Ni-MH batteries and significantly expanded manual Mode 5 test capability using a seven-year indefinite-delivery-indefinite quantity IDIQ contract to our European distributor, Muirhead Avionics Muirhead for T-4530i test sets. In total, TIC has delivered 3.5 million of these test sets to Germany. TIC is expecting a follow-on order for additional units this calendar year. 

Communications/Navigation COMM/NAV) Radio Frequency (RF) Avionics Flight line Tester ( CRAFT (AN/USM-708 and AN/USM-719) 

The AN/USM-708 multi-purpose test set was developed by the Company in conjunction with the U.S. Navy. The AN/USM-708 large 6.0 inch color LCD screen and surrounding soft-keys and keyboard provides easy and quick access to a multiple of test screens menus, and display options affording single man operation, instant results, and a host of pre-programmed and manually variable parameters to meet the most demanding requirements for testing of airborne avionic and communication equipment. 

The AN/USM-708 has been and continues to be a key product for the Company as it represents a new generation technology product. The Company delivered approximately 40 million in orders, representing over 1,200 test sets, for the AN/USM-708 and AN/USM-719 (IFF only) test sets to the U.S. Military. The AN/USM-708 CRAFT unit combines advanced IFF (including Mode 5 encryption technology) navigation, communication, and sonobuoy test capabilities in a portable test set, which will utilize a flexible and expandable digital-signal-processing-based architecture. Both the AN/USM-708 and the AN/USM-719 have been certified by the AIMS Program Office. 

The Joint Strike Fighter JSF program continues to generate CRAFT orders as this program ramps up production. The Company has already received orders from Lockheed Martin and Northrup Grumman for the AN/USM-708 units, for the JSF Program, totaling approximate 9 million. Sikorsky has also indicated that it will be ordering CRAFT test sets for its new helicopters. The Company also believes it will receive orders from other customers for this product. 

The CRAFT ECP program is proceeding on schedule, and we held the Critical Design Review CDR in April 2023. The next major engineering milestone is the Test Readiness Review that should take place next summer. This will entail replacing the Single Board Computer and four PCB s (printed circuit board in existing Navy units. The production contract is expected to generate significant revenues from the Navy and other customers starting next fiscal year. 

For more information, please visit www.telinstrument.com for a complete listing of all of the Company s different military and commercial products. 

New Products 

SDR/OMNI/MIL 

TIC has spent the last several years developing the SDR/OMNI avionics test set which currently operates in the 1 MHz to 2.2 GHz range. This new test set utilizes software-designed radio technology that enables it to test all common avionics functions in one 4.5- pound test set, which is half the weight of competitive test sets. The SDR/OMNI has very wide frequency to accommodate new commercial and military waveforms. It utilizes the latest touch screen technology and has the capability to replace all TIC commercial test sets with one handheld product. At less than five pounds, this test set will be the smallest and most rugged test set available in the market with full Class 1 MIL-PRF-28800 environmental compliance including temperature ranges from -40 degrees to +55 degrees centigrade. The U.S. military will need to upgrade thousands of existing communication and navigation test sets over the next several years to address the new frequency and waveform requirements for military radios and we believe the SDR/OMNI is well positioned to capture a large portion of this business. This new technology could provide us with the opportunity to expand out of our relatively narrow avionics test market niche and enter the much larger secure military and homeland security radio test market which is many times the size of our existing avionics test market. The secure military test set market is very large, and we are anticipating several large competitive DOD solicitations to take place in the next several years. 

8

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business (continued) 

General (continued) 

MADL TEST SET 

TIC is also working with Lockheed Martin (LMCO) on a new MADL test set after winning a competitive solicitation. MADL is a secure communications radio for the F-35. This operates in a much higher frequency range than our other test sets and could represent a further diversification out of our core markets. TIC has completed the engineering development work and is waiting for a production order. It is expected that this product will generate approximately 0.6 million of recurring annual revenues and will position TIC for further development contracts with LMCO. 

Future Prospects 

The Company has built a very solid position in the Mode 5 IFF and TACAN test set market. The planned Navy ECP for CRAFT should generate substantial recurring revenues with the KIT upgrade of all of the Navy units and potentially units sold to other customers. We currently have the majority of the Mode 5 IFF flight-line test market and expect to continue to dominate this market segment with our commitment to self-funded research such as adding Mode 5 Level 2B to our T-47/M5 product. 

We believe our new SDR/OMNI will do very well in the world-wide commercial avionics market although we are facing new competition from Aeroflex and a Canadian company. Based on extensive customer feedback, it appears that the SDR/OMNI has a superior design. This should generate increased market share at very attractive gross margin levels. The real focus for the SDR/OMNI is in the military arena for Nav/Comm testers and communication test sets. This market has been dominated by Aeroflex for the last 30 years and TIC has not had a viable competitive product until now. The SDR/OMNI is ideally suited for these markets as it is the only test set on the market with full Class 1 DOD environmental compliance. The secure military test set market is very large, and we are anticipating several large competitive DOD solicitations to take place in the next several years. 

Competition 

The general aviation market consists of some 1,000 avionics repair and maintenance service shops at private and commercial airports in the United States that purchase test equipment to assist in the repair of aircraft electronics. The commercial aviation market consists of approximately 80 domestic and foreign commercial airlines. 

The civilian market for avionic test equipment has been dominated by Aeroflex Inc., a division of Viavi Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV). They have dominated the commercial market with their IFR 4000 and 6000 test sets which were first introduced in 2004. They have sold thousands of these units over the last 18 years. These are becoming obsolete and will need to be replaced. Aeroflex has recently introduced a new test set called the 10K which combines the two test sets into one unit. A Canadian company, CCX Technologies, has recently introduced a competitive product which appears to be doing well in the market. The SDR/OMNI is smaller, more rugged, and easier to use than these two test sets and we are very optimistic that it will greatly improve our market share. 

The military market is large and is dominated by large corporations with substantially greater resources than the Company, including Aeroflex. Tel competitively bids for government contracts based on the engineering quality and innovation of its products, competitive price, and small business set asides (i.e., statutory provisions requiring the military to entertain bids only from statutorily defined small businesses), and on bids for sub-contracts from major government suppliers. There are a limited number of competitors who are qualified to bid for small business set asides. The military market consists of many independent purchasing agencies and offices. The process of awarding contracts is heavily regulated by the U.S. Department of Defense. 

Over the last fifteen years, the Company has won several large, competitively bid contracts from the military and has become the primary supplier for the U.S. Military, as well as the NATO countries, of flight line IFF test equipment. The CRAFT AN/USM-708, CRAFT AN/USM-719, TS-4530A, TS-4530i and TR-47/M5 test sets, discussed previously, involve a new generation of technology, including the next generation of IFF testing, and is expected to enable the Company to continue to be a major supplier of avionics test equipment to the military for years to come. Tel believes its new technology will also allow it to increase sales to the commercial avionics market in the future and expand into the very large secure communication test market. 

9

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business (continued) 

General (continued) 

Marketing and Distribution 

Domestic commercial sales are made throughout the U.S. to commercial airlines and general aviation businesses directly or through distributors. There were 2,165,485 in domestic commercial sales in fiscal year 2023 and there was two (2) direct commercial customer who accounted for 22 and 19 of domestic commercial sales, respectively. The Company has one domestic distributor which receives discounts ranging between 16 -20 discount for stocking, selling, and, in some cases, providing product calibration and repairs. The loss of this distributor would not have a material adverse effect on the Company or its operations. Our domestic commercial distributor, Aero Express, represented approximately 19 and 14 , respectively, of commercial sales during fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 

Marketing to the U.S. Government is made directly by employees of the Company or through independent sales representatives, who receive similar commissions to the commercial distributors. For the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, sales to the U.S. Government, including shipments through the government s logistics centers, represented approximately 18 and 26 , respectively, of total sales. For the year ended March 31, 2023, two (2) direct customers represented 17 and 11 of total sales and three (3) customers represented 16 , 13 and 11 of government sales, respectively. No international distributors represented more than 10 of total sales or of government sales for the year ended March 31, 2023. For the year ended March 31, 2022, two (2) direct customers represented 20 and 12 of total sales and 25 and 10 of government sales, respectively. Two (2) international distributors represented 13 and 12 of total sales and two (2) represented 16 and 15 of government sales for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

International sales are made throughout the world to government and commercial customers, directly through American export agents, or through the Company s overseas distributors at a discount reflecting a 15 to 22 selling commission, under written or oral, year-to-year arrangements. The Company has an exclusive distribution agreement with Muirhead Avionics Ltd Muirhead and Accessories, Ltd Muirhead ), based in the United Kingdom, to represent the Company in parts of Europe, and with Milspec Services in Australia and New Zealand. Tel also sells its products through exclusive distributors in Spain, Portugal, and East Asia and is exploring distribution in other areas. For the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, total international sales were 22 and 37 , respectively, of sales, the notable decrease is due partially to the continuation of Covid-19 Pandemic related issues and international government budgetary restrictions. Additionally, the Company has an agreement with M.P.G. Instruments s.r.l., based in Italy, wherein this distributor has the exclusive sales rights for DME/P ramp and bench test units. The Company continues to explore additional marketing opportunities in other parts of the world, including East Asia. 

The Company has no material assets overseas. Tel also provides customers with calibration and repair services. Repairs and calibrations accounted for 16.5 and 15 of sales for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

Future domestic market growth, if any, will be affected in part by whether the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration FAA implements additional plans to upgrade the U.S. air traffic control system regulations and by continuing recent industry trends towards more sophisticated avionics systems, both of which would require the design and manufacture of new test equipment. Currently, the T-47/M5 has been upgrade for continued support of NATO customers and we continue to develop the Mode 5L2B Flight Line Test. This technology will be supported in our T-47/M5 and T-4530i product lines. Military contracts are awarded and implemented by extensive government regulation. The Company believes its test equipment is recognized by its customers for its quality, durability, reliability, affordability, and by its advanced technology. 

Backlog 

Set forth below is Tel s avionics backlog on March 31, 2023, and 2022: 

Commercial 

Government 

Total 

March 31, 2023 

409,256 

6,138,647 

6,547,903 

March 31, 2022 

275,242 

3,216,299 

3,491,541 

Tel believes that most of its backlog on March 31, 2023, will be delivered during the next 12 months. The backlog is pursuant to purchase orders. Historically, the Company obtains orders which are required to be filled in less than 12 months, and therefore, backlog amounts at the end of the period do not reflect delivered or future orders. 

10

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Business (continued) 

General (continued) 

Suppliers 

TIC obtains its purchased parts from a number of suppliers. In fiscal year 2023, our supply chain had significant issues with deliveries being delayed which negatively impacted TIC s revenues and profitability. The situation has been slow in improving this calendar year and the Company is placing orders earlier to allow for longer lead times to obtain purchased parts, as needed, at acceptable prices. 

Patents and Environmental Laws 

TIC has no patents or licenses which are material to its business, and there are no material costs incurred to comply with environmental laws. 

Engineering, Research, and Development 

In the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, Tel incurred expenses of 1,814,198 and 2,548,626, respectively, on the engineering, research, and development of new and improved products. The decline for the latest fiscal year is due to engineering expenditures for the funded MADL and CRAFT ECP programs being transferred to cost of goods sold. Engineering, research, and development expenditures in fiscal year 2023 were made primarily for the final development of the Company s SDR/OMNI hand-held product line utilizing CRAFT and TS-4530A technology, the finalization of the MADL test set for LMCO, T-4530i, Navy Craft ECP redesign and the incorporation of product enhancements in existing designs. The Company owns all of these designs with the exception of the AN/ARM-206 product. Tel s management believes that continued significant expenditures for engineering, research, and development are necessary to enable Tel to expand its products, sales, and profits, and to remain competitive. 

Personnel 

As of June 14, 2023, Tel had 44 employees, comprised of 20 full-time and 1 part-time employees in manufacturing, supply chain, and quality assurance, 6 full-time and 1 part-time employees in administration and sales, including customer services and product support, and 12 full-time and 4 part-time employees in engineering, research, and development, none of whom belongs to a union. From time to time, the Company also employs independent contractors to support its manufacturing, engineering, and sales organizations. As of June 14, 2023, the Company utilized 2 independent contractors in sales management. Tel has been successful in attracting skilled and experienced management, sales, and engineering personnel, although the market for senior engineering talent is becoming very competitive. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 

Where You Can Find More Information 

The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not Applicable. 

11

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company leases its general office and manufacturing facility in East Rutherford, NJ (approximately 27,000 square feet). In April 2021, the Company extended the lease term for another eight years until August 31, 2029, at an initial monthly rate of 21,237. Under terms of the lease, the Company is also responsible for its proportionate share of the additional rent to include all real estate taxes, insurance, snow removal, landscaping, and other building charges. The Company is also responsible for the utility costs for the premises. 

The Company also leases a small office in Lawrence, Kansas under an operating lease agreement. In March 2023, the Company extended the lease term to March 31, 2024. 

We believe that our facilities are adequate for our needs for the foreseeable future. Tel is unaware of any environmental problems in connection with its location and because of the nature of its manufacturing activities, does not anticipate any such problems. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Contingencies are recorded in the audited consolidated financial statements when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable, or otherwise disclosed, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 450, Contingencies (ASC 450). Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether a loss is reasonably estimable. In the event the Company determines that a loss is not probable, but is reasonably possible, and it becomes possible to develop what the Company believes to be a reasonable range of possible loss, then the Company will include disclosures related to such matter as appropriate and in compliance with ASC 450. To the extent there is a reasonable possibility that the losses could exceed the amounts already accrued, the Company will, when applicable, adjust the accrual in the period the determination is made, disclose an estimate of the additional loss or range of loss or if the amount of such adjustment cannot be reasonably estimated, disclose that an estimate cannot be made. 

On March 24, 2009, Aeroflex Wichita, Inc. Aeroflex filed a petition against the Company and two of its employees in the District Court located in Sedgwick County, Kansas, Case No. 09 CV 1141 (the Aeroflex Action ), alleging that the Company and its two employees misappropriated Aeroflex s proprietary technology in connection with the Company winning a substantial contract from the U.S. Army, to develop new Mode-5 radar test sets and kits to upgrade the existing TS-4530 radar test sets to Mode 5 (the Award ). Aeroflex s petition, seeking injunctive relief and damages, alleges that in connection with the Award, the Company and its named employees misappropriated Aeroflex s trade secrets; tortiously interfered with Aeroflex s business relationship; conspired to harm Aeroflex and tortiously interfered with Aeroflex s contract. The central basis of all the claims in the Aeroflex Action is that the Company misappropriated and used Aeroflex proprietary technology and confidential information in winning the Award. In February 2009, subsequent to the Company winning the Award, Aeroflex filed a protest of the Award with the Government Accounting Office GAO ). 

In its protest, Aeroflex alleged, inter alia, that the Company used Aeroflex s proprietary technology in order to win the Award, the same 

material allegations as were later alleged in the Aeroflex Action. On or about March 17, 2009, the U.S. Army Contracts Attorney, and the U.S. Army Contracting Officer each filed a statement with the GAO, expressly rejecting Aeroflex s allegations that the Company used or infringed on Aeroflex s proprietary technology in winning the Award and concluding that the Company had used only its own proprietary technology. On April 6, 2009, Aeroflex withdrew its protest. 

In December 2009, the Kansas District Court dismissed the Aeroflex Action on jurisdiction grounds. Aeroflex appealed this decision. In May 2012, the Kansas Supreme Court reversed the decision and remanded the Aeroflex Action to the Kansas District Court for further proceedings. The case then entered an extended discovery period in the District Court. 

On May 23, 2016, the Company filed a motion for summary judgment based on Aeroflex s lack of jurisdictional standing to bring the case. The motion asserts that Aeroflex does not own the intellectual property at issue since it is a bare licensee of Northrop Grumman. Northrop Grumman has declined to join this suit as plaintiff. The motion asserted Aeroflex lacks standing to sue alone. Also, the motion raises the fact that Aeroflex allowed the license to expire, Aeroflex s claims are either moot or Aeroflex lacks standing to sue for damages alleged to have accrued after the license ended in 2011. The motion for summary judgment was denied. 

The Aeroflex trial on remand in the Kansas District Court began in March 2017. After a nine-week trial, the jury rendered its verdict. The jury found no misappropriation of Aeroflex trade secrets but found that the Company tortiously interfered with a prospective business opportunity and awarded damages of 1.3 million for lost profits. The jury also ruled that Tel tortiously interfered with Aeroflex s non-disclosure agreements with two former Aeroflex employees and awarded damages of 1.5 million for lost profits, resulting in total damages against the Company of 2.8 million. The jury also found that the former Aeroflex employees breached their non-disclosure agreements with Aeroflex and awarded damages against these two individuals totaling 525,000. The jury also decided that punitive damages should be allowed against the Company. 

12

Table of Contents 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings (continued) 

Following the verdict, the Company filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law. In the motion, the Company renewed its motion for judgment on Aeroflex s tortious interference with prospective business opportunity claim arguing that such claim is barred by the statute of limitations. Alternatively, the motion asserts there is insufficient evidence supporting the lost profit award on that claim. Additionally, the motion for judgment addresses inconsistency between the awards against the former Aeroflex employees for breach of the non-disclosure agreements and the award against the Company for interfering with those agreements. Alternatively, the motion asserts there is insufficient evidence supporting the lost profit award on that claim. 

During July 2017, the Court heard the Company s motion for judgment as well as conducting a hearing as to the amount of a punitive damages award. Kansas statutes limit punitive damages to a maximum of 5 million. 

Aeroflex submitted a motion to the Court requesting that the judge award punitive damages at the maximum 5 million amount. In October 2017, the Court denied the Company s motions and awarded Aeroflex an additional 2.1 million of punitive damages, which brings the total Tel damages awarded in this case to approximately 4.9 million. Pursuant to K.S.A. 16-204(d) any judgment rendered by a court of this state on or after July 1, 1986, shall bear interest on and after the day on which judgment is rendered at the rate provided by subsection (e). The Kansas Secretary of State publishes the interest rate which is modified annually based on market interest rates. 

For the year starting July 1, 2021, the interest rate was 4.25 . Cumulative interest on the 4.9 million judgment started to accrue on November 22, 2017, the date the judgment was entered. As of March 31, 2023, the outstanding amount of the judgement and accrued interest is 6.4 million. 

The Company filed post-trial motions to avoid damage duplication and inconsistency, and to secure judgment as a matter of law or a new trial. The trial court denied those motions. The Company appealed the verdict in 2019 and the post-trial rulings to the Court of Appeals of the State of Kansas, Case No. 18-119,563. The Company posted a 2 million supersedeas bond. The Plaintiff filed a cross-appeal. The appeal and cross-appeal are fully briefed. 

On October 14, 2022, the Company received an order from the Kansas appellate court of appeals lifting the briefing stay that was entered on March 19, 2020. The Kansas appellate court has notified the Company that the argument was set for hearing on March 30, 2023 in Topeka, Kansas which in fact took place. A decision on the case is expected approximately 90 days after the conclusion of the arguments that were heard on March 30, 2023. TIC s cash should allow for the payment of the entire amount if necessary. This is based on expected improved first quarter results and receipt of the Navy CDR funding. 

The Company is optimistic about the prospects of its appeal for a judgment as a matter of law. 

Other than disclosed above, there are no other actions, suits, proceedings, inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as set forth herein, management believes that there are no claims against TIC, which it believes will result in a material adverse effect on TIC s business or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

13

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

a) Market Information 

The common stock, 0.10 par value per share, of the registrant Common Stock is traded on the OTCQB under the symbol TIKK . The following table sets forth the high and low per share sale prices for our Common Stock for the periods indicated as reported for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 by the OTC. The market quotations reflect interdealer prices, without retail markup, markdown, or commissions, and may not represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year 

Ended March 31, 

High 

Low 

2023 

First Quarter 

3.19 

2.26 

Second Quarter 

2.93 

1.42 

Third Quarter 

2.49 

1.50 

Fourth Quarter 

2.44 

1.90 

2022 

First Quarter 

3.63 

2.80 

Second Quarter 

3.75 

2.76 

Third Quarter 

3.55 

2.90 

Fourth Quarter 

3.15 

2.80 

b) Holders 

The Company has approximately 142 holders of its Common Stock as of June 14, 2023. This figure does not consider those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees. 

c) Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any dividends on our Common Stock and intend to retain any future earnings to fund development and growth of our business. Therefore, we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. TIC paid dividends on the preferred shares through during quarter one of fiscal 2023. As a result of the loss for the current fiscal year, we are not permitted to pay preferred dividends without written bank approval. There are no restrictions on our present ability to pay dividends to stockholders of our common stock, other than those prescribed by law. 

d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information as of March 31, 2023, regarding compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance. See Equity Compensation Plan Information under Item 12 below. 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be issued 

			 upon exercise of outstanding options 

Weighted average exercise 

			 price of outstanding options 

Number of options remaining available for future issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity Compensation Plans approved by shareholders 

99,000 

3.13 

151,000 

Total 

99,000 

3.13 

151,000 

Rule 10B-18 Transactions 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, there were no repurchases of the Company s Common Stock by the Company. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, we have not issued any securities that were not registered under the Securities Act and not previously disclosed in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. 

14

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Reserved 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10 (f) of Regulation S-K and therefore is not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of our operations together with our financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, whose actual outcomes involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those stated in or implied by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section relating to Forward-Looking Statements below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Please see the notes to our Financial Statements for information about our Critical Accounting Policies and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements. 

Forward Looking Statements 

A number of the statements made by the Company in this report may be regarded as forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1965. 

Forward-looking statements include, among others, statements concerning the Company s outlook, pricing trends and forces within the industry, the completion dates of projects, expected sales growth, cost reduction strategies and their results, long-term goals of the Company and other statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. 

All predictions as to future results contain a measure of uncertainty and accordingly, actual results could differ materially. Among the factors that could cause a difference are changes in the general economy; changes in demand for the Company s products or in the costs and availability of its raw materials; the actions of competitors; the success of our customers, technological change; changes in employee relations; government regulations; litigation, including its inherent uncertainty; difficulties in plant operations and materials transportation; environmental matters; and other unforeseen circumstances, including the current COVID-19 pandemic. A number of these factors are discussed in the Company s filings with the SEC. 

General 

Management s discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of the Company. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes, and with the Critical Accounting Policies noted below. The Company s fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references in this document to a particular year shall mean the Company s fiscal year ending on March 31. 

Overview 

Fiscal year 2023 operations continued to be affected by the residual effects of the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants. While the business is still strong, the Company has been impacted by the pandemic in its commercial business and delays in orders from some of its military customers. The pandemic has also impacted its supply chain and labor force with disruptions to both the delivery of critical inventory components and personnel shortages due to post COVID-19 quarantines, which have hampered our ability to ship units under normal lead times. Although the Company has been negatively impacted by the pandemic, there was an increase in our receipt of new orders with an open order back log of approximately 6.5 million at March 31, 2023. 

15

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

Overview (continued) 

The Company reported net loss of (388,545) and net sales of 8,631,157 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. This compared to net income of 1,309,738 and net sales of 12,932,790 in the prior fiscal year. Net income for the prior fiscal year included 722,577 gain on forgiveness of PPP loan. Excluding the 722,577 gain on PPP forgiveness, net income for the year ended March 31, 2022, was 587,161. The Company reported a 33 decrease in sales to 8,631,157 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to 12,932,790 for the previous year. Commercial sales decreased by 12 to 2,261,783 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to 2,568,959 for the year ended March 31, 2022. The commercial airline industry was devastated by the COVID-19 pandemic during the past two prior fiscal years, and has been steadily rebounding to pre 2019 pandemic levels. Avionics government sales decreased by 39 to 6,369,374 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to 10,363,831 for the year ended March 31, 2022. This decrease in government sales is due to COVID-19 pandemic related supply chain issues and international government budgetary restrictions. Gross margin decreased by 2,716,590 in fiscal 2023 as compared to 2022 and the gross margin percentage declined by 9.3 percentage points to 35.3 . The decline in gross margin was primarily due to lower volume, fixed manufacturing costs, and increases in production component costs. Total operating expenses for the year decreased by 881,811. This was primarily due to an engineering, research, and development expense decrease of 734,428 as compared to prior fiscal year that included customer project reimbursed engineering costs for the MADL (Lockheed Martin) and Craft ECP (U.S. Navy) projects. Net loss before taxes was 516,682 for fiscal year 2023 as compared to a net income of 1,485,191 in fiscal year 2022. The Company s cash balance on March 31, 2023, was approximately 5.9 million, including the 2 million of restricted cash to support the appeal bond. The Company s backlog on March 31, 2023, was 6.5 million. 

The Company continues to pursue the domestic and international markets for our Mode 5 test sets with good results. We continue to receive orders from South Korea, Australia, Canada, the U.K., and Germany for our Mode 5 test sets. We also are receiving volume orders from the U.S. Government and Lockheed Martin for our AN/USM-708 and 719 CRAFT Mode 5 test sets. Our expectation is that we will have profitable operations in fiscal year 2024, but the timing of these new orders is largely out of our control. After a sharp drop in FY 2023, the Company is also seeing the beginning of a rebound in commercial test set business. TIC is also working on the next generation of Mode 5 called Mode 5 Level 2B. This could potentially lead to substantial software upgrades in the future for our domestic and international Mode 5 customers. The Navy has awarded a 2.9 million contract for the ECP upgrade of all of its test sets to remove parts obsolesce. Funded engineering started during the 2023 fiscal year. This is an important product for the Company, and this should ensure an additional 10 years of product life. It will also generate substantial recurring revenue once the engineering development and testing is completed. 

The Company is also actively looking at expanding out of its current core avionics market area. TIC is working with Lockheed Martin (LMCO) on a new MADL test set. TIC was awarded this contract after winning a 956,000 competitive solicitation. MADL is a secure communications radio for the F-35. This operates in a much higher frequency range than our other test sets. TIC has finished the design and is waiting on a production order. This should generate ongoing recurring revenues for the Company and will position TIC for further engineering work with LMCO. 

The main focus area for the Company is moving into the secure communications testing with our new DSR/OMNI test set. The world s first All-in-One Avionics Test Set utilizes true software-designed radio technology that enables it to test all common avionics functions in one 4.5 pound test set. The SDR/OMNI has very wide frequency to accommodate new commercial and military waveforms in an industry leading 4.5-pound package. This is half the weight of competitive test sets. It utilizes the latest touch screen technology and has the capability to replace all TIC commercial test sets and military flight-line test sets with one handheld product. The U.S. military will need to upgrade thousands of existing communication and navigation test sets over the next several years to address the new frequency and waveform requirements for military radios and we believe the SDR/OMNI is well positioned to capture a large portion of this business. 

The Aeroflex litigation (see Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements) did not result in a favorable outcome for the Company, despite our belief that we committed no wrongdoing. 

The jury found no misappropriation of Aeroflex trade secrets, but it did rule that the Company tortiously interfered with a prospective business opportunity and awarded damages. The jury also ruled that Tel tortiously interfered with Aeroflex s non-disclosure agreements with two former Aeroflex employees. The jury also found that the former Aeroflex employees breached their non-disclosure agreements with Aeroflex. The Court conducted further hearings on the Company s post-trial motions which sought to reduce the damages award of 2.8 million, as well as the punitive damages claim. The Court denied the Company s motions and awarded Aeroflex an additional 2.1 million of punitive damages. The Company has filed motions in January 2018 for the Court to reconsider the number of damages on the grounds that they are duplicative and not legally supportable. The Court heard these motions, and such motions were denied. The Company has filed for the appeal. The Company has posted a 2 million bond for the appeal. This 2 million bond amount will remain in place during the appeal process (See Note 5). 

16

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

Overview (continued) 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2023, the Company has recorded estimated damages to date of 6.4 million, including interest, as a result of a jury verdict associated with the Aeroflex litigation. The Company has filed for an appeal (see Notes 5 and 20). As of March 31, 2023, the Company has cash balances of 5.9 million, including 2 million of restricted cash. 

On October 14, 2022, the Company received an order from the Kansas appellate court of appeals lifting the briefing stay that was entered on March 19, 2020. The Kansas appellate court has notified the Company that the argument was set for hearing on March 30, 2023 in Topeka, Kansas which in fact took place. A decision on the case is expected approximately 90 days after the conclusion of the arguments that were heard on March 30, 2023. TIC s cash and borrowing position should allow for the payment of the entire amount if necessary. This is based on expected improved upcoming first quarter results and receipt of the Navy CDR NRE funding. In May 2023, the Internal Revenue Service additionally approved the 628,401 ERC credit application that was submitted last fall. TIC received the 628,401 ERC from the Internal Revenue Service on June 1, 2023. 

The Company is very optimistic about the prospects of its appeal for a judgment as a matter of law. 

On March 21, 2016, the Company entered into a line of credit agreement with Bank of America. Per the most recent extension agreement entered into on July 22, 2022, the line of credit is set to expire on July 30, 2023. The line is collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the Company. The new agreement includes availability up to 690,000. Monthly payments will be interest only. As of March 31, 2023, the line of credit was fully drawn upon for 690,000 (see Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements) and on March 31, 2022 the full line of credit was available. The interest rate on March 31, 2023 was 8.64 . On March 31, 2023, the Company s backlog of orders was approximately 6.5 million as compared to 3.5 million on March 31, 2022. Historically, the Company obtains orders which are required to be filled in less than 12 months, and therefore, these anticipated orders are not reflected in the backlog. 

The Company believes it has sufficient cash on hand and expected cash flow from operations for the next twelve months due to the increase in business and the opportunities that exist for the next few years. TIC received on June 1 2023, a 628,401 tax credit which was submitted last fall and approved by the Internal Revenue Service. 

Results of Operations 2023 Compared to 2022 

Sales 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, sales decreased 4,301,633 (33 to 8,631,157 as compared to 12,932,790 for the year ended March 31, 2022. Commercial sales decreased 307,176 (12 to 2,261,783 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to 2,568,959 for the year ended March 31, 2022. The commercial airline industry was devastated by the COVID pandemic during the past two prior fiscal years, and has been steadily rebounding to pre 2019 pandemic levels. 

Avionics government sales decreased by 39 to 6,369,374 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to 10,363,831 for the year ended March 31, 2022. This decrease in government sales is due to COVID-19 pandemic related supply chain issues and international government budgetary restrictions. 

Gross Margin 

Gross margin percentage declined by 9.3 percentage points to 35.3 . The decline in gross margin was primarily due to lower volume, fixed manufacturing costs, and increases in production component costs. 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses for the year decreased by 881,811 (18 as compared to prior year. 

The decline was primarily due to engineering, research, and development expense decrease of 734,428 (29 as compared to prior fiscal year that included customer project reimbursed engineering costs for the MADL (Lockheed Martin) and CRAFT ECP (U.S. Navy) projects expense offsets. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses, along with litigation expense, decreased 147,383 (6 to 2,132,672 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to 2,280,055 for the year ended March 31, 2022. This decrease is attributed to lower sales commissions, consultant fees, and profit sharing accruals, partly offset by a 63,308 fine from the Homeland Security Investigations HIS agency resulting from a Form I-9 audit that was initiated March 2018 and the final fine amount settled during January 2023. 

17

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

(Loss) Income from Operations 

As a result of the above, the Company recorded a loss from operations in the amount of (898,120) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to income from operations of 936,659 for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, total other income (expense), net was 381,438 as compared to 548,532 in the prior year. The net decrease includes 628,400 of Employee Retention Tax Credits ERC the Company was eligible for and was received June 1, 2023 as compared to the prior year which included the second Draw PPP loan forgiveness in the amount of 722,577, and 20,000 from the New Jersey Economic Development Authority (NJEDA) small business emergency assistance grant. 

(Loss) Income before Income Taxes 

As a result of the above, the Company recorded a loss before taxes of (516,682) for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to income before taxes of 1,485,191 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

Income Tax (Benefit) Expense 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company reported a tax benefit of 128,137 as compared to a 175,453 tax provision in the prior year. The ERC included in year ended March 31, 2023 nor the PPP loan forgiveness included in the prior year were taxable events. 

The differences between income taxes expected at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 percent and the reported income tax expense are due to the recognition of the non-taxable ERC of 628,400 and non-taxable PPP funds of 722,577 as other income during both fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. 

Net (Loss) Income 

As a result of the above, the Company recorded a net loss of (388,545) for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to a net income of 1,309,738 for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 31, 2023, the Company had positive working capital of 3,058,638, as compared to working capital of 3,671,667 on March 31, 2022. The Company has approximately 5.9 million of cash on hand at year-end including 2 million of restricted cash supporting the appeal bond. 

On March 31, 2021, Bank of America further extended the maturity date of our line of credit from March 31, 2021, to June 30, 2021, to allow time for a full underwriting for the annual renewal period. The line of credit was subsequently renewed for 690,000 until July 30, 2022. Per the most recent extension agreement entered into on July 22,2022, the line of credit is set to expire on July 30, 2023. 

As discussed in Note 20 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded total damages of 6,360,698 including accrued interest, as a result of the jury verdict associated with the Aeroflex litigation as well as the Court s decision on punitive damages. The Company has recorded accrued interest of 1,460,698 as of March 31, 2023. 

On October 14, 2022, the Company received an order from the Kansas appellate court of appeals lifting the briefing stay that was entered on March 19, 2020. The Kansas appellate court has notified the Company that the argument was set for hearing on March 30, 2023 in Topeka, Kansas which in fact took place. A decision on the case is expected approximately 90 days after the conclusion of the arguments that were heard on March 30, 2023. TIC s cash position should allow for the payment of the entire amount if necessary. 

This is based on expected improved first quarter results and receipt of the Navy CDR NRE funding. TIC received on June 1 2023, a 628,401 tax credit which was submitted last fall and approved by the Internal Revenue Service. 

The Company is very optimistic about the prospects of its appeal for a judgment as a matter of law. 

18

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources (continued) 

Based on the foregoing, we believe that our expected cash flows from operations, and current cash balances will be sufficient to operate in the normal course of business for next 12 months from the issuance date of these financial statements, including any payments for settlement of the Aeroflex litigation. 

The Company continues to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on its supply chain, manufacturing and distribution operations, customers, and employees, as well as the U.S. economy in general. The uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 outbreak include potential adverse effects on the overall economy, the Company s supply chain, transportation services, employees, and customers. The COVID-19 outbreak could adversely affect the Company s revenues, earnings, liquidity, and cash flows and may require significant actions in response, including expense reductions. Conditions surrounding COVID-19 change rapidly, and additional impacts of which the Company is not currently aware may arise. Based on past performance and current expectations, the Company believes that its anticipated cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund the Company s requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and debt service for at least the next 12 months. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company s cash balance decreased by 1,110,259 to 5,850,481, including restricted cash to support the appeal bond. The Company s principal sources, and uses of funds were as follows: 

Cash (used in) provided operating activities. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company used 1,694,126 in cash for operations as compared to 1,800,483 in cash provided for operations for the year ended March 31, 2022. This decrease in cash provided by operations is primarily attributed to the decrease in sales and the use of cash to restock production inventory for components now being received after extraordinarily prolonged delivery lead times. Additionally, the Company is placing orders earlier for components with long lead times and in many cases, vendors are requiring cash deposits at ordering. 

Cash (used in) investing activities . For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company used 26,133 of its cash for investing activities, as compared to 16,068 used for investing activities for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Cash provided (used in) provided by financing activities. For the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company provided 690,000 in cash for financing activities from fully drawing upon its bank line of credit, offset by 80,000 in preferred dividend payments. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company used 320,000 in cash for financing activities to pay preferred dividends. 

Currently, the Company has no material future capital expenditure requirements. 

There was no significant impact on the Company s operations as a result of inflation for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In preparing the consolidated financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances, the Company applies its accounting policies as disclosed in Note 2 of our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company s accounting policies that require a higher degree of judgment and complexity used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements include: 

Revenue recognition The Company accounts for revenue recognition in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). The core principle of ASC 606 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASC 606 defines a five-step process to achieve the core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgement and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are currently in use. 

The Company generates revenue from designing, manufacturing, and selling avionic tests and measurement solutions for the global commercial air transport, general aviation, and government/military aerospace and defense markets. The Company also offers calibration and repair services for a wide range of airborne navigation and communication equipment. 

19

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

Critical Accounting Policies (continued) 

The Company recognizes revenue when the customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which is expected to be received in exchange for those goods or services. The Company recognizes revenue following the five-step model prescribed under ASC 606: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligation(s) in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s) in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods or services it transfers to the customer. At contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company assesses the goods or services promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. 

Nature of goods and services 

The following is a description of the products and services from which the Company generates revenue, as well as the nature, timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, and significant payment terms for each. 

Test Units/Sets 

The Company develops, and manufactures unit sets to test navigation and communication equipment, such as ramp testers and bench testers for radios installed in aircraft. The Company recognizes revenue when the customer obtains control of the Company s product based on the contractual shipping terms of the contract, which is usually at the time of shipment. Revenue on products is presented gross because the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the product, is responsible to ensure that the product is produced in accordance with the related supply agreement and bears the risk of loss while the inventory is in-transit. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products to the customer. 

If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised products or services underlying each performance obligation. The Company determines stand-alone selling prices based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the stand-alone selling price is not observable through past transactions, the Company estimates the standalone selling price considering available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. 

When determining the transaction price of a contract, an adjustment is made if payment from the customer occurs either significantly before or significantly after performance, resulting in a significant financing component. Applying the practical expedient in paragraph 606-10-32-18, the Company does not assess whether a significant financing component exists if the period between when the Company performs its obligations under the contract and when the customer pays is one year or less. None of the Company s contracts contained a significant financing component as of March 31, 2023. 

Replacement Parts 

The Company offers replacement parts for test equipment, ramp testers, and bench testers. Similar to the sale of test units, the control of the product transfers at a point of time and therefore, revenue is recognized at the point in time when the obligation to the customer has been fulfilled. 

Extended Warranties 

The extended warranties sold by the Company provide a level of assurance beyond the coverage for defects that existed at the time of a sale or against certain types of covered damage with coverage terms generally ranging from 5 to 7 years. Amounts received for warranties are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue ratably over the respective term of the agreements. As of March 31, 2023, approximately 296,400 is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for extended warranties as compared to 386,907 on March 31, 2022. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recognized revenue of 98,908 from amounts that were included in Deferred Revenue as compared to 75,791 for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

20

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

Critical Accounting Policies (continued) 

The following table provides a summary of the changes in deferred revenues related to extended warranties for the year ended March 31, 2023: 

Deferred revenues related to extended warranties on April 1, 2022 

386,907 

Additional extended warranties 

8,401 

Revenue recognized for the year ended March 31, 2022 

(98,908 

Deferred revenues related to extended warranties on March 31, 2023 

296,400 

Other Deferred Revenues 

The Company sometimes receives payments in advance of shipment. These amounts are classified as other deferred revenues. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company has other deferred revenues of 600 and 21,999 for period ending March 31, 2022. 

Repair and Calibration Services 

The Company offers repair and calibration services for units that are returned for annual calibrations and/or for repairs after the warranty period has expired. The Company repairs and calibrates a wide range of airborne navigation and communication equipment. Revenue is recognized at the time the repaired or calibrated unit is shipped back to the customer, as it is at this time that the work is completed. 

Other 

The majority of the Company s revenues are from contracts with the U.S. government, airlines, aircraft manufacturers, such as Boeing and Lockheed Martin, domestic distributors, international distributors for sales to military and commercial customers, and other commercial customers. The contracts with the U.S. government typically are subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation FAR which provides guidance on the types of costs that are allowable in establishing prices for goods and services provided under U.S. government contracts. 

Payment terms and conditions vary by contract, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within a range from 30 to 60 days, or in certain cases, up-front deposits. In circumstances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the Company has determined that the Company's contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. Payments received prior to the delivery of units or services performed are recorded as deferred revenues. Taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities, are excluded from sales. The Company applied the practical expedient to account for shipping and handling activities as fulfillment cost rather than as a separate performance obligation. Shipping and handling costs charged to customers are classified as sales, and the shipping and handling costs incurred are included in cost of sales. 

All sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. The Company excludes from revenues all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are imposed on the sale of its products and collected from customers. Company within 30 days of the related sales order fulfillment. Accordingly, management has determined that no change in accounting for costs to obtain a contract will be required for the Company to conform to ASC 606. 

Disaggregation of revenue 

In the following tables, revenue is disaggregated by revenue category. 

For the Year Ended 

			 March 31, 2023 

Commercial 

Government 

Sales Distribution 

Test Units 

490,485 

6,369,374 

490,485 

6,369,374 

21

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

Critical Accounting Policies (continued) 

The remainder of our revenues for the year ended March 31, 2023, are derived from repairs and calibration of 1,462,048 replacement parts of 176,861, extended warranties of 98,908 and other miscellaneous income of 33,481. 

For the Year Ended 

			 March 31, 2022 

Commercial 

Government 

Sales Distribution 

Test Units 

409,594 

10,307,842 

409,594 

10,307,842 

The remainder of our revenues for the year ended March 31, 2022, are derived from repairs and calibration of 1,853,665 replacement parts of 229,058 and extended warranties of 75,791 and other miscellaneous. income of 56,840. 

In the following table, revenue is disaggregated by geography. 

For the Year 

			 Ended 

			 March 31, 2023 

For the Year 

			 Ended 

			 March 31, 2022 

Geography 

United States 

6,690,067 

8,175,301 

International 

1,941,090 

4,757,489 

Total 

8,631,157 

12,932,790 

Inventory reserves inventory reserves or write-downs are estimated for excess, slow-moving and obsolete inventory as well as inventory whose carrying value is in excess of net realizable value. These estimates are based on current assessments about future demands, market conditions and related management initiatives. If market conditions and actual demands are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. While such write-downs have historically been within our expectation and the provision established, the Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to receive positive results. 

Warranty reserves warranty reserves are based upon historical rates and specific items that are identifiable and can be estimated at time of sale. While warranty costs have historically been within the Company s expectations and the provisions established, future warranty costs could be in excess of the Company s warranty reserves. A significant increase in these costs could adversely affect the Company s operating results for the period and the periods these additional costs materialize. Warranty reserves are adjusted from time to time when actual warranty claim experience differs from estimates. For the year ended March 31, 2023, warranty costs were 17,479 as compared to 38,236 for the year ended March 31, 2022, and are included in Cost of Sales in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. See Note 10 for warranty reserves. 

Accounts receivable the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and adjusts credit limits based on customer payment and current credit worthiness, as determined by review of their current credit information. The Company continuously monitors credits and payments from its customers and maintains provision for estimated credit losses based on its historical experience and any specific customer issues that have been identified. While such credit losses have historically been within our expectation and the provision established, the Company cannot guarantee that it will continue to receive positive results. For the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 approximately 18 and 26 , respectively, of the Company s sales were to the U.S. Government. 

22

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (continued) 

Critical Accounting Policies (continued) 

Income taxes - deferred tax assets arise from a variety of sources, the most significant being a) tax losses that can be carried forward to be utilized against profits in future years; b) expenses recognized in the books but disallowed in the tax return until the associated cash flow occurs; and c) valuation changes of assets which need to be tax effected for book purposes but are deductible only when the valuation change is realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefit which is not more likely than not to be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, future taxable income is estimated, considering the realization of tax loss carryforwards. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can also be affected by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. In the event it was determined that the Company would not be able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, the Company would reduce such amounts through a charge to income in the period in which that determination is made. Conversely, if it were determined that it would be able to realize the deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, TIC would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through an increase to income in the period in which that determination is made. In its evaluation of a valuation allowance, the Company considers existing contracts and backlog, and the probability that options under these contract awards will be exercised as well as sales of existing products. The Company prepares profit projections based on the revenue and expenses forecast to determine that such revenues will produce sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. The Company determined they will be able to realize the majority of its deferred tax assets as a result of its current projections on March 31, 2023. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company is not party to any off-balance sheet arrangements that may affect its financial position or its results of operations. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13 Financial Instruments -Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Statements. The amendment in this update replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses on instruments within its scope, including trade receivables. This update is intended to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses. The effective date of the new standard is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and will be adopted by the Company on April 1, 2023. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations. 

No other recently issued accounting pronouncements had or are expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information under this Item. Nonetheless, we do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities. 

23

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

(1) Financial Statements: 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: and 688) 	 	 	 25 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Balance Sheets - March 31, 2023, and 2022 	 	 	 27 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 	 	 	 28 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years Ended March 31 2023 and 2022 	 	 29 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 	 	 	 30 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 	 	 	 32 	 	 

24

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance shee t of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. (the Company as of March 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

Marlton, New Jersey 

June 15, 2023 

25

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. (the Company as of March 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Friedman llp 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2019 to 2022. 

June 17, 2022 

26

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

ASSETS 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 	 

Inventories, net 

Restricted cash to support appeal bond 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred tax asset, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Line of credit 

Operating lease liabilities - current portion 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenues - current portion 

Accrued expenses - vacation pay, payroll and payroll withholdings 

Accrued legal damages 

Accrued expenses - other 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities long-term 

Other long term liabilities 

Deferred revenues long-term 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value per share 	 

Preferred stock, shares Cumulative Series A Convertible Preferred 	 issued and outstanding, par value per share 	 

Preferred stock, shares Cumulative Series B Convertible Preferred 	 issued and outstanding, par value per share 	 

Common stock, shares authorized, par value per share, 	 and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 	 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

27

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the years ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Litigation expenses 

Engineering, research, and development 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Interest expense 

Interest expense judgment 

Other income, net 

Total other income 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(Benefit) provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

Preferred dividends 

Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 

Basic (loss) income per common share 

Diluted (loss) income per common share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

28

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

Series A Convertible 

			 Preferred Stock 

Series B Convertible 

			 Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional 

			 Paid-In 

			 Capital 

Accumulated 

			 Deficit 

Total 

# of Shares 

			 Issued 

Amount 

# of Shares 

			 Issued 

Amount 

# of Shares 

			 Issued 

Amount 

Balances on April 1, 2021 

Stock based Compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends on preferred stock 	 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividend payments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balances on March 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends on preferred stock 	 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividend payments 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balances on March 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

29

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the years ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Deferred income taxes 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on sale of equipment 

Non-cash lease expense 

Forgiveness of PPP Loan 

Recovery of inventory obsolescence 

Non-cash stock-based compensation 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Decrease in accounts receivable 

(Increase) decrease in inventories 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets 

(Decrease) in accounts payable 

Increase in accrued legal damages 

Change in other long term liabilities 

(Decrease) in deferred revenues 

(Decrease) in accrued payroll, vacation pay withholdings 

(Decrease) in operating lease liabilities 

(Decrease) in accrued expenses - other 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of dividends 

Draw from line of credit 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash and restricted cash at end of year 

End of year 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Beginning of year 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Taxes paid 

Interest paid 

30

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow (continued) 

. 	 	 

b) 	 	 	 The Company recorded of Employee Retention Credit ERC and related receivables for the year ended March 31, 2023. 	 	 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

31

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

, as compared to working capital of on March 31, 2022. This included million of cash including the million supersedes appeal bond. The Company also has borrowed the full capacity of under the Company s line of credit agreement. As discussed in Note 20 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recorded total damages of , including accrued interest, as a result of the jury verdict associated with the Aeroflex litigation as well as the Court s decision on punitive damages. 

There was a 6.5 million sales order backlog on March 31, 2023. 

Bank of America renewed our line of credit with a maturity date of July 30, 2023. As of March 31, 2023, the line of credit was fully drawn upon for . 

The Employee Retention Credit (ERC) is a refundable tax credit for businesses that continued to pay employees while shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic or had significant declines in gross receipts from March 13, 2020 to December 31, 2021. Eligible employers can claim the ERC on an original or adjusted employment tax return for a period within those dates. The Company filed adjusted employment tax returns for quarters one and two of calendar year 2021, with a refund of that was received June 1, 2023. 

Moving forward, we believe that our expected cash flows from operations and current cash balances, which amounted to approximately 5.9 million, including the approximately 2 million in restricted cash will be sufficient to operate in the normal course of business for next 12 months from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, including any payments for settlement of the litigation. 

Currently, the Company has no material future capital expenditure requirements. 

There was no significant impact on the Company s operations as a result of inflation during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

Impact of the COVID-19 Coronavirus 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, which causes the disease known as COVID-19, was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. Since then, COVID-19 coronavirus has spread globally. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak a pandemic and the U.S. government imposed travel restrictions on travel between the United States, Europe, and certain other countries. The impact of this pandemic has been, and will likely continue to be, extensive in many aspects of society, which has resulted, and will likely continue to result, in significant disruptions to the global economy as well as businesses and capital markets around the world. 

In response to public health directives and orders and to help minimize the risk of the virus to employees, the Company has taken precautionary measures, including implementing work-from-home policies for certain employees. The impact of the virus, including work-from-home policies, may negatively impact productivity, disrupt the Company's business, and delay certain projects, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on the Company's ability to conduct its business in the ordinary course. Other impacts to the Company's business may include temporary closures of its suppliers and disruptions or restrictions on its employees' ability to travel. Any prolonged material disruption to the Company's employees or suppliers could adversely impact the Company's financial condition and results of operations, including its ability to obtain financing. 

32

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. Business, Organization, and Liquidity (continued) 

Impact of the COVID-19 Coronavirus (continued) 

33

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

34

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Revenue Recognition (continued): 

Amounts received for warranties are recorded as deferred revenue and recognized as revenue ratably over the respective term of the agreements. 

is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for extended warranties as compared to on March 31, 2022. For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recognized revenue of from amounts that were included in Deferred Revenue as compared to for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Additional extended warranties 

Revenue recognized for the year ended March 31, 2023 

Deferred revenues related to extended warranties on March 31, 2023 

and for the prior year ended March 31, 2022. 

35

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Revenue Recognition (continued): 

replacement parts of , extended warranties of and other miscellaneous income of . 

, replacement parts of , extended warranties of and other miscellaneous income of . 

International 

Total 

36

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the term of the lease or the useful life of the asset, whichever is shorter. 

and , respectively. See above for additional information regarding our revenue recognition policies. 

37

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

38

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

as compared to for the year ended March 31, 2022, and are included in Cost of Sales in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. See Note 10 for warranty reserves. 

39

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Commercial 

Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Less: Allowance for obsolete inventory 

Work-in-process inventory includes and for government contracts on March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

to a restricted cash account to secure a letter of credit which was used for collateral for the appeal bond (See Note 20). 

40

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Deferred charges 

Other receivables 

In March 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act was signed into law, providing numerous tax provisions and other stimulus measures, including the Employee Retention Tax Credit ERTC ): a refundable tax credit against certain employment taxes. The Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020 and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 extended and expanded the availability of the ERTC. We qualified for the ERTC in the first two quarters of 2021. During year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded an aggregate benefit of in our consolidated financial statements and the receivable for the ERTC benefit as of March 31, 2023 is in other current assets, which was received June 1, 2023. 

Machinery and equipment 

Automobiles 

Sales equipment 

Assets under finance leases 

Less: Accumulated depreciation amortization 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to the assets above for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022 was and , respectively. 

, with monthly payments of interest only. The borrowing base calculation is tied to accounts receivable and is collateralized by substantially all of the assets of the Company. Interest on any outstanding balance is payable monthly at an annual interest rate equal to the sum of the greater of the BSBY (Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index rate) daily float plus percentage points. 

As of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, the outstanding balances were and , respectively. The interest rate on March 31, 2023, was . 

Bank of America renewed the Company line of credit with a maturity date of July 30, 2023. 

41

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

under an operating lease agreement which expired July 31, 2016. The lease is for a five year period, beginning August 1, 2011, with a five year option in a one-story facility. In June 2016, the Company extended the lease term for another five years until August 2021. Under terms of the lease, the Company is also responsible for its proportionate share of the additional rent to include all real estate taxes, insurance, snow removal, landscaping, and other building charges. The Company is also responsible for the utility costs for the premises. During April 2021, the Company extended the lease term for another until August 31, 2029. Under the extended lease all terms remain the same, with the exception of the monthly payment of 18,467 escalating to commencing September 1, 2021. As a result, the Company recorded of right-of-use assets and related operating leases liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2021. 

The Company leases a small office in Lawrence, Kansas under an operating lease agreement which expired March 30, 2023, and was renewed for an additional 12 months, expiring on March 31, 2024. 

The Company's leases generally do not provide an implicit rate, and therefore the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate when measuring operating lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease. The Company estimated its incremental borrowing rate based on its credit quality, line of credit agreement and by comparing interest rates available in the market for similar borrowings. The Company used a discount rate of for both March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The weighted average remaining lease term is years. 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Right to use assets, net 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: Difference between undiscounted lease payments and discounted lease liabilities 

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

Less current portion 

Operating lease liabilities long-term 

During the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded and , as lease expense to current period operations, respectively. 

42

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Accrued profit sharing 

Accrued compensation and payroll withholdings 

Accrued vacation pay, payroll and payroll withholdings include and on March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which is due to officers. 

Accrued legal costs 

Warranty reserve 

Accrued purchase 

Other 

Warranty expense 

Warranty deductions 

Warranty reserve, at end of period 

shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred for an aggregate of million. The Company used such proceeds for the payment of any Court judgment and/or settlement related to the Aeroflex Wichita, Inc. litigation, working capital purposes, and for payment of fees and expenses associated with this transaction. The Closing occurred following the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The securities issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreements were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The securities were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the issuance of such securities by the Company did not involve a public offering, as defined in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the transaction, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of securities offered. The Company did not undertake an offering in which it sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition, these shareholders had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act since they agreed to, and received, share certificates bearing a legend stating that such securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a public offering. Based on an analysis of the above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The shares of Series A Preferred have a stated value of per share (the Series A Stated Value and are convertible into Common Stock at a price of per share. The holders of shares of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to 

43

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

11. Series A 8 Convertible Preferred Stock (continued): 

of the Series A Stated Value of such shares of Series A Preferred, calculated on the basis of a 360 day year, consisting of twelve 30-day months, and shall accrue from the date of issuance of such shares of Series A Preferred, payable quarterly in cash. Any unpaid dividends shall accrue at the same rate. To the extent not paid on the last day of March, June, September and December of each calendar year, all dividends on any share of Series A. 

Preferred shall accumulate whether or not declared by the Board and shall remain accumulated dividends until paid. As of March 31, 2023, the Company recognized as deemed dividends and are included in the carrying value of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Holders will vote together with the holders of the Company s Common Stock on an as-converted basis on each matter submitted to a vote of holders of Common Stock (whether at a meeting of shareholders or by written consent). Effective beginning on the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, and upon 30 days written notice to the Holders of Series A Preferred, the Company may, in its sole discretion, redeem the Series A Preferred at the aggregate Series A Stated Value plus any accrued and accumulated but unpaid dividends. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid dividends of and , respectively. 

shares of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock (the Series B Preferred for an aggregate of million. The Company used such proceeds for working capital to finance its operations based on the current and expected increase in business, and for payment of fees and expenses associated with this transaction. The Closing occurred following the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. The securities issued pursuant to this subscription agreement were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The securities were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the issuance of such securities by the Company did not involve a public offering, as defined in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the transaction, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of securities offered. The Company did not undertake an offering in which it sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition, this individual had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act since he agreed to receive share certificates bearing a legend stating that such securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a public offering. Based on an analysis of the above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The shares of Series B Preferred to have a stated value of per share (the Series B Stated Value and are convertible into Common Stock at a price of per share. The holder of shares of the Series B Preferred shall be entitled to receive dividends out of any assets legally available, to the extent permitted by New Jersey law, at an annual rate equal to of the Series B Stated Value of such shares of Series B Preferred, . Any unpaid dividends shall accrue at the same rate. To the extent not paid on the last day of March, June, September and December of each calendar year, all dividends on any share of Series B Preferred shall accumulate whether or not declared by the Board and shall remain accumulated dividends until paid. As of March 31, 2023, the Company recognized as deemed dividends and are included in the carrying value of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The Holders will vote together with the holders of the Company s Common Stock on an as-converted basis on each matter submitted to a vote of holders of Common Stock (whether at a meeting of shareholders or by written consent). Effective beginning on the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, and upon 30 days written notice to the Holders of Series B Preferred, the Company may, in its sole discretion, redeem the Series B Preferred at the aggregate Series B Stated Value plus any accrued and accumulated but unpaid dividends. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid dividends of and , respectively. 

44

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

per share (the Stock ), in accordance with the terms and provisions. The 2016 Plan reserves for issuance, options to purchase up to 250,000 shares of its common stock. Options granted under the plan are exercisable up to a period of from the date of grant at an During fiscal year 2023, the Company did not grant any stock options. 

years). The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant. The per share weighted-average fair value of stock options granted for the years ended March 31, 2022 were 1.02, on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

years 	 

years 	 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options canceled/forfeited 

Outstanding options on March 31, 2022 

years 	 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options canceled/forfeited 

Outstanding options on March 31, 2023 

years 	 

- 

Vested Options: 

March 31, 2023: 

years 	 

- 

March 31, 2022: 

years 	 

- 

Remaining options available for grant were and as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

For the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, the unamortized compensation expense for stock options was and , respectively. Unamortized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

The compensation cost that has been charged was and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

45

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

State and local 

Total current tax provision 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Release of valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax provision (benefit) 

Total provision (benefit) 

Tax credits 

Charitable contributions 

Legal damages 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Reserve for inventory obsolescence 

Vacation accrual 

Warranty reserve 

Deferred revenues 

Stock options 

Gain on Sale of Asset 

Depreciation 

174 Capitalization 

Deferred tax asset 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net 

The recognized deferred tax asset is based upon the expected utilization of its benefit from future taxable income. The Company has federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of as of March 31, 2023 and as of March 31, 2022. These carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income and begin to expire in the year 2028. New Jersey State NOL carryforwards were as of March 31, 2023. New Jersey State NOL carryforwards expire in years, and certain of these amounts begin to expire in 2030. 

46

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

14. Income Taxes (continued) 

for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, to the income tax benefit provision recognized in the financial statements is as follows: 

Income tax expenses state and local, net of federal benefit 

Permanent items 

True ups 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

Less: Preferred dividends 

Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic net (loss) income per share 

Diluted net (loss) income per share computation 

Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 

Add: Preferred dividends 

Diluted (loss) income attributable to common shareholders 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Incremental shares attributable to the assumed conversion of preferred stock 

Total adjusted weighted-average shares 

Diluted net (loss) income per share 

47

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

15. Net Income (Loss) per Share (continued) 

Stock options 

and for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. On March 31, 2023, was due this individual, which is included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

and as its matching contribution to the Company s 401k Plan for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

in domestic commercial sales in fiscal year 2023 and there was two (2) direct commercial customer who accounted for and of domestic commercial sales, respectively. The Company has one domestic distributor which receives discounts ranging between - discount for stocking, selling, and, in some cases, providing product calibration and repairs. The loss of this distributor would not have a material adverse effect on the Company or its operations. 

Our commercial distributor represented approximately and , respectively, of commercial sales during fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 

Marketing to the U.S. Government is made directly by employees of the Company or through independent sales representatives, who receive similar commissions to the commercial distributors. For the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, sales to the U.S. Government, including shipments through the government s logistics centers, represented approximately and , respectively, of total sales. For the year ended March 31, 2023, two (2) direct customers represented and of total sales and , and of government sales, respectively. No international distributors represented 10 or more of total sales or of total government sales for the year ended March 31, 2023. For the year ended March 31, 2022, two (2) direct customers represented and of total sales and and of government sales, respectively. Two (2) international distributors represented and of total sales and two (2) represented and of government sales for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Net sales to foreign customers, which, for the most part, are international distributors were and for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. All other sales were to customers located in the U.S. 

Foreign countries 

Total Avionics Sales 

48

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

18. Significant Customer Concentrations (continued) 

and Korea ). The Company had no assets outside the United States. Receivables from the U.S. Government represented approximately and , respectively, of total receivables on March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, there was one individual customer that represented of the Company s total outstanding accounts receivable. As of March 31, 2022, one individual customer represented of the Company s outstanding accounts receivable. 

Total sales by test set product that were more than 10 of consolidated net sales were the T-47/M5 dual and AN/USM-708 for the year ended March 31, 2023. Total sales by test set product that were more than 10 of consolidated net sales were the T-47/M5 dual ), AN/USM-708 and the T-47/NH for the year ended March 31, 2022. 

reportable segments - avionics government and avionics commercial. There are no inter-segment revenues. 

The Company is organized primarily on the basis of its avionics products. The avionics government segment consists primarily of the design, manufacture, and sale of test equipment to the U.S. and foreign governments and militaries either directly or through distributors. The avionics commercial segment consists of design, manufacture, and sale of test equipment to domestic and foreign airlines, directly or through commercial distributors, and to general aviation repair and maintenance shops. The Company develops and designs test equipment for the avionics industry and as such, the Company s products and designs cross segments. 

Management evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them based on gross margin. The Company s general and administrative costs and sales and marketing expenses, and engineering costs are not segment specific. As a result, all operating expenses are not managed on a segment basis. Net interest includes expenses on debt and income earned on cash balances, both maintained at the corporate level. Segment assets include accounts receivable and work-in-process inventory. Asset information, other than accounts receivable and work-in-process inventory, is not reported since the Company does not produce such information internally. All long-lived assets are located in the U.S. 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Total expenses (income) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Segment Assets 

Cost of sales 

Gross margin 

Total expenses (income) 

Income before income taxes 

Segment Assets 

49

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million for lost profits. The jury also ruled that Tel tortiously interfered with Aeroflex s non-disclosure agreements with two former Aeroflex employees and awarded damages of million for lost profits, resulting in total damages against the Company of million. The jury also found that the former Aeroflex employees breached their non-disclosure agreements with Aeroflex and awarded damages against these two individuals totaling 525,000. The jury also decided that punitive damages should be allowed against the Company. 

Following the verdict, the Company filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law. In the motion, the Company renewed its motion for judgment on Aeroflex s tortious interference with prospective business opportunity claim arguing that such claim is barred by the statute of limitations. Alternatively, the motion asserts there is insufficient evidence supporting the lost profit award on that claim. Additionally, the motion for judgment addresses inconsistency between the awards against the former Aeroflex employees for breach of the non-disclosure agreements and the award against the Company for interfering with those agreements. Alternatively, the motion asserts there is insufficient evidence supporting the lost profit award on that claim. 

During July 2017, the Court heard the Company s motion for judgment as well as conducting a hearing as to the amount of a punitive damages award. Kansas statutes limit punitive damages to a maximum of 5 million. 

50

Table of Contents 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

20. Litigation (continued) 

million amount. In October 2017, the Court denied the Company s motions and awarded Aeroflex an additional million of punitive damages, which brings the total Tel damages awarded in this case to approximately million. 

The Journal Entry of Judgment including judgment against the Company in the amount of 1.3 million for tortious interference with prospective business advantage, of 1.5 million for tortious interference with existing contracts, and 2.1 million in punitive damages was entered on November 22, 2017. Pursuant to K.S.A. 16-204(d) any judgment rendered by a court of this state on or after July 1, 1986, shall bear interest on and after the day on which judgment is rendered at the rate provided by subsection (e). The Kansas Secretary of State publishes the rate amount. The amount published for July 1, 2017, through June 30, 2018, was , July 1, 2018, through June 30, 2019, July 1, 2019, through June 30, 2020, and July 1, 2020, through June 30, 2022. The interest rate through March 31, 2023 was . Interest on the 4,900,000 judgment started to accrue on November 22, 2017, the date the judgment was entered. As of March 31, 2023, the outstanding amount of the judgement and accrued interest is 6,360,698. 

The Company filed post-trial motions to avoid damage duplication and inconsistency, and to secure judgment as a matter of law or a new trial. The trial court denied those motions. The Company appealed the verdict and the post-trial rulings to the Court of Appeals of the State of Kansas, Case No. 18-119,563. The Company posted a 2 million supersedeas bond. The Plaintiff filed a cross-appeal. The appeal and cross-appeal are fully briefed. 

On January 28, 2022, Aeroflex filed a Motion to Require Supplemental Appeal Bond with the Court of Appeals of the State of Kansas, seeking a bond from the Company in the amount of million to supplement the existing bond of 2 million. The Company has filed a response and we are confident that this motion will be denied. 

On October 14, 2022, the Company received an order from the Kansas appellate court of appeals lifting the briefing stay that was entered on March 19, 2020. The Kansas appellate court has notified the Company that the argument was set for hearing on March 30, 2023 in Topeka, Kansas which in fact took place. A decision on the case is expected approximately 90 days after the conclusion of the arguments that were heard on March 30, 2023. This is based on expected improved upcoming first quarter results and receipt of the Navy CDR NRE funding. 

The Company is very optimistic about the prospects of its appeal for a judgment as a matter of law. 

Other than the matters outlined above, we are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of executive officers of our Company, threatened against or affecting our Company, or our common stock in which an adverse decision could have a material effect. 

51

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 

As of March 31, 2023, management performed, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. The Company is considered a smaller reporting company under the appropriate SEC guidance and is currently exempt, based on Section 404(b), from attestation requirements on their internal control over financial reporting . Based on the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer concluded that as of March 31, 2023, such disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Tel s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). 

Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance of such reliability and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the framework established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework COSO ). Based on this assessment, management has not identified any material weaknesses. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the Company s financial reporting. 

Management has concluded that the Company did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on the criteria set forth in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 

c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

52

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

Each of our directors holds office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. Our executive officers are appointed by our Board and serve until their respective successors are elected and appointed and qualify until their earlier resignation or removal from office. 

Our current directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration of such, are as follows: 

Name (age) 

Position 

Year First 

			 Elected a director 

Stephen A. Fletcher (1) 

			 (62) 

Director 

2011 

George J. Leon (2) (3) 

			 (79) 

Director 

1986 

Jeffrey C. O Hara, CPA (1) (4) 

			 (65) 

Director; President since August 2007; Chief Executive Officer since December 2010; Chief Operating Officer since June 2006; Vice President since 2005 

1998 

Robert A. Rice (2) (3) 

			 (67) 

Director 

2004 

Robert H. Walker (2) (3) (5) 

			 (87) 

Director and Chairman of the Board since April 2011 

1984 

Pauline Romeo (6) 

			 (60) 

Chief Accounting Officer since February 2021 
			 
			 2021 

(1) 

Mr. Fletcher is the son of Mr. Harold K. Fletcher, the former Chairman of the Company who passed away in April 2011, and the brother-in-law of Jeffrey C. O Hara, the Company s Chief Executive Officer 

(2) 

Member of the Audit Committee 

(3) 

Member of the Compensation Committee 

(4) 

Mr. O Hara has served as a member of the Board since 1998 and was appointed President of the Company in 2007, and as Chief Executive Officer in December 2010. 

(5) 

Mr. Walker has served as a member of the Board since 1984 and was appointed Chairman of the Board in April 2011. 

(6) 
			 Ms. Romeo was appointed as Chief Accounting Officer in February 2021. 

Background of Directors and Officers 

Stephen A. Fletcher is the former Chief Executive Officer of Rand McNally, the country s most trusted source for maps, navigation, and travel content Rand ). At Rand, Mr. Fletcher is driving growth of the Company s consumer and enterprise businesses through rapid expansion of core product lines and continued innovation of commercial transportation solutions ranging from advanced mileage and routing software to fleet management and electronic tracking. Prior to Rand, Mr. Fletcher served as a WW general manager at Kodak for more than six years and led a far-reaching organization with operations around the globe including research and development in the US, Germany and Singapore and manufacturing in the US, China, and Mexico. Before Kodak, he was President and COO of Konica Minolta Printing Solutions in Ramsey, New Jersey where he quadrupled the business over six years. Mr. Fletcher was also President and CEO of the Tally Printer Corporation in Seattle, Washington and held marketing management positions at Apple Computer and Hewlett Packard. 

George J. Leon has served as a member of the Board since 1986. Mr. Leon has substantial experience in finance, and as an investment manager. He is and has been an Investment Manager and beneficiary of the George Leon Family Trust for more than five (5) years. 

Jeffrey C. O Hara, CPA has served as a member of the Board since 1998, and was made a Vice President in 2005, COO in 2006, and has been President since 2007. Mr. O Hara was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company in December 2010. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. O Hara held various management positions at General Motors, and other mid- sized private companies. Mr. O Hara has extensive financial; marketing and operations experience and he has held executive positions as both a Chief Financial Officer and President. Mr. O Hara has also served on several boards of directors of other companies. 

53

Table of Contents 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance (continued) 

Background of Directors and Officers (continued) 

Robert H. Walker has served as member of our Board since 1984 and was elected Chairman of the Board in April 2011. Mr. Walker, prior to his retirement in 1998, had served as Executive Vice President of Robotic Vision Systems, Inc., which designs, manufactures, markets, and sells automated two-dimensional and three-dimensional machine vision-based products and systems for inspection, measurement, and identification. Mr. Walker also served as Chief Financial Officer of that company, whose shares were listed on the NASDAQ National Market. Mr. Walker qualifies as the Company s Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined in the regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act. 

Robert A. Rice has served as a member of the Board since 2004. Mr. Rice is, and has been for more than 5 years, President and Owner of Spurwink Cordage, Inc., a textile manufacturing company located in New England, and is experienced in securities matters and business management. 

Pauline Romeo combines over 30 years of senior financial management experience with private and publicly held manufacturing and distribution companies. Previously, from 2020 to 2021, she had been the Senior Controller and Acting CFO for Biazzo Dairy Products Inc., a large privately held food manufacturing company. From 2019 to 2020, Ms. Romeo was Group Financial Controller/Acting Chief Financial Officer for Sycamore Foods, Inc., a wholesale produce distribution company. Prior to that, she worked for six years as the Finance Director/Senior Controller at BioHiTech Global Inc. a NASDAQ-listed company that manufactures food waste disposal equipment. Ms. Romeo has an accounting degree from St. Peter s University. 

Family Relationships 

As described above, Stephen Fletcher is the son of the Company s former Chairperson and the brother-in-law of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey O Hara. 

Corporate Governance and Board Meetings 

The Board is responsible for supervision of the overall affairs of the Company. The Board held two meetings during fiscal year 2023 and a majority of the nominee directors attended all of the meetings. The Company expects directors to attend all formal Board, committee, and shareholder meetings. Three of the directors, Messrs. Leon, Rice, and Walker, are independent as that term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Robert H. Walker was elected Chairman of the Board by the directors at their April 13, 2011 meeting of the Board upon the passing of Harold K. Fletcher who had been Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since 1982. Jeffrey C. O Hara was elected the Chief Executive Officer in December 2010. 

The Board and, separately, the Audit Committee review and provide oversight of risks and potential risks involving the Company s operations. The Board reviews and evaluates the process used to assess major risks facing the company and to periodically review assessments prepared by senior management of such risks, as well as options for their mitigation. Frequent interaction between the directors and members of senior management assists in this effort. The Board regularly reviews information regarding our liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of financial and accounting risks. The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risk-taking relating to executive compensation plans and arrangements. 

To assist it in carrying out its duties, the Board has delegated certain authority to committees. The Board has established standing Audit and Compensation Committees and has delegated nominating responsibility to the three directors who are independent as that term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Audit and Compensation Committees consist of only independent, non-employee directors. 

Audit Committee 

The Board established a separately designated standing Audit Committee in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Audit Committee is comprised of Messrs. Walker (Chairperson), Leon, and Rice. Messrs. Walker, Leon, and Rice are independent, as that term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Mr. Walker is a financial expert as defined in the rules promulgated by the SEC pursuant to that Act. Mr. Walker served as director and Executive Vice President of Robotic Vision Systems, Inc., a public company, and as its principal financial officer for over 15 years. 

54

Table of Contents 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance (continued) 

The Audit Committee reviews the Company s financial statements, and oversees the Company s accounting, audits, internal controls, and adherence to its Business Conduct Guidelines. The Committee also appoints and recommends to the Board the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and reviews, evaluates, and approves the independent registered public accountants compensation, services performed, and procedures for ensuring its independence with respect to the Company. The Board has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, a copy of which is annexed as Exhibit A. 

During fiscal 2023, all three members of the Audit Committee attended all four (4) of the Audit Committee meetings. In the opinion of the Board, and as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Messrs. Walker, Leon, and Rice are independent of management and free of any relationship which might interfere with their exercise of independent judgment as members of this committee. 

The Audit Committee has: (i) reviewed and discussed with management, and with Marcum LLP, (the Auditor the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023; (ii) reviewed and discussed with management, and with our Auditor the Company s interim financial statements for the periods ended June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2022; (iii) discussed with the Auditor the matters required to be discussed by PCAOB Standard 16, as amended, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (iv) received the written disclosures and the letter from the Auditor required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the Auditor communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence; and (v) discussed with the Auditor their independence from the Company. The Audit Committee has also discussed with management of the Company and the Auditor such other matters and received such assurances from them as it deemed appropriate. The Audit Committee meets regularly with management and the Auditor, and then with the Auditor without management present, to discuss the result of the Auditor examination, the evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the overall quality of the Company s accounting. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee, consisting of the independent directors George J. Leon, Robert A. Rice, and Robert H. Walker, is responsible for (1) reviewing and evaluating employee stock and other compensation programs and plans, (2) determining the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, and (3) approving compensation arrangements, including keyman incentive compensation and stock option grants, for management and other employees. The Board created the Compensation Committee by resolution giving it the foregoing authority. 

The Compensation Committee met once during the 2023 fiscal year; Messrs. Leon, Rice and Walker attended the meeting. Messrs. Leon, Rice, and Walker are independent, as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See Executive Compensation below for a discussion of the Committee s processes and procedures for reviewing and determining compensation. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

As of March 31, 2023, the end of the last fiscal year, the Company believes that all officers, directors and 10 beneficial owners, known to the Company, had, during such last fiscal year, timely filed required forms reporting beneficial ownership of Company securities, other than the Form 3 for Pauline Romeo, based solely on review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information furnished to the Company. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has had corporate governance standards and policies, regulating officer, director, and employee conduct for many years. In fiscal 2004, we reviewed our standards and policies and incorporated them into our Code of Business Conduct, which we believe satisfies the rules promulgated by the SEC. The Board has adopted this written Code of Ethics that applies to all of the Company s officers and employees, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Accounting Officer. A copy of the Code of Ethics has been previously filed. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available to anyone requesting a copy without cost by writing to the Company, attention Pauline X. Romeo. 

Shareholder Recommendations 

There have been no material changes to the Company s procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors since the Company s last Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Legal Proceedings 

There are no material proceedings to which any director or officer, or any associate of any such director or officer, is a party that is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries. No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activities during the past ten years. No director or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years. 

55

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following table presents information regarding compensation of our principal executive officer, and the most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer for services rendered during fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Grants of Plan-based Awards Table for Fiscal Year 

Name and Principal Position 

Fiscal Year 

Salary ) (1) 

Incentive ) (2) 

Option Awards ) (3) 

All Other 

			 Compensation ) (4) 

Total ) 

Jeffrey C. O Hara, CEO President 

2023 

190,008 

45,000 

- 

25,547 

260,555 

2022 

227,699 

- 

5,080 

24,333 

257,112 

Pauline X. Romeo CAO 

2023 

136,913 

21,000 

- 

24,348 

182,261 

2022 

130,930 

- 

2,032 

29,408 

162,370 

(1) 

The amounts shown in this column represent the dollar value of base cash salary earned by each named executive officer NEO ). 

(2) 

Incentive compensation for each named executive officer NEO ). The amount shown for FY 2023 was accrued in FY 2022. 

(3) 

Amounts in this column represent the fair value required by ASC Topic 718 to be included in our financial statements for all options granted during that year (see Note 17 to Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

(4) 

The amounts shown in this column represent amounts for medical and life insurance as well as the Company s match in the 401(k) Plan. 

There were no stock options granted during or for the 2023 fiscal year to our named executive officers: 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table sets forth the outstanding stock option grants held by named executive officers at the end of the 2023 fiscal year. The option exercise price set forth in the table is based on the closing market price on the date of grant. 

Name 

Number of Securities Underlying 

			 Unexercised Options (#) 

			 Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying 

			 Unexercised Options (#) 

			 Unexercisable (1) 

Option Exercise Price ) 

Option Expiration Date 

Pauline X. Romeo 

400 

1,600 

2.94 

9/2/26 

Jeffrey C. O Hara 

1,000 

4,000 

2.94 

9/2/26 

Pauline X. Romeo 

6,000 

9,000 

3.11 

1/12/26 

Jeffrey C. O Hara 

15,000 

10,000 

3.19 

5/08/24 

(1) 

Options are exercisable, on a cumulative basis, 20 at or after each of the first, second, and third anniversary of the grant and 40 after the fourth year anniversary. 

Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control 

There are no employment contracts, compensatory plans, or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company with respect to any executive officer of Tel which would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or her resignation, retirement, or other termination of employment with the Company, any change in control of the Company or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company. 

56

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation (continued) 

Options Exercised and Stock Vested During Fiscal Year 2023 

No shares were acquired upon exercising options awards by our NEO s during fiscal year 2023. 

Options granted to NEOs are consistent with the terms of options granted to other employees pursuant to the Employee Stock Option Plans (see Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Options granted to NEOs may be tax sheltered to the grantee, and their value constitutes a charge to the Company (see Notes 2 and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Incentive Plan 

The Company has a key person incentive compensation program. Each year the Compensation Committee determines a percentage of operating profits to be distributed among senior employees, including NEOs. The percentage determined is based on the general performance of the Company, and the amount of operating profits available for shareholders and for reinvestment in the business. This element of compensation provides an incentive for short-term performance. 

The percentage of operating profits so determined is then distributed to senior employees, including NEOs and to a category entitled incentive , based on (a) the amount of the employee s base salary, (b) his contribution to the Company, (c) the results of that contribution, (d) an estimated amount of his special effort on behalf of the Company, (e) his technical expertise, leadership, and management skills, and (f) the level of the overall compensation paid employees performing similar work in competitive companies. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, the CEO received 45,000 and the CAO received 21,000. These amounts were earned based on FY 2022 results but were paid in FY 2023. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the CEO received 0, and the CAO received 0 

Other Benefits 

The Company sponsors the Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. 401(k) Plan (the 401k Plan ), a tax qualified Code Section 401(k) retirement savings plan, for the benefit of its employees, including its NEOs. The 401k Plan encourages savings for retirement by enabling participants to make contributions on a pre-tax basis and to defer taxation on earnings on funds contributed to the 401k Plan. The Company makes matching contributions to the Plan. All NEOs can make contributions to the 401k Plan. The NEOs also participate in group health and life benefits generally on the same terms and conditions that apply to other employees. 

Director Compensation 

Directors who are not employees or officers of the Company receive 1,250 in cash and options, at the then market price, to purchase 1,000 shares of Common Stock for attendance at each in-person meeting and 625 in cash and options to purchase 500 shares of Common Stock for attendance at each formal telephonic meeting of the Board or of a committee of the Board. Non-employee directors may elect annually to accept the foregoing compensation or waive the stock option element and receive the 2,500 in cash for attendance at the in-person meeting and 1,250 in cash for each formal telephone meeting. During fiscal year 2023 non-employee directors earned the following compensation pursuant to this plan. 

Name 

Cash Compensation 

Option Awards )(1)(2) 

Total 

George J. Leon 

7,500 

-0- 

7,500 

Robert A. Rice 

7,500 

-0- 

7,500 

Robert H. Walker (3) 

7,500 

-0- 

7,500 

Stephen A. Fletcher 

1,250 

-0- 

1,250 

(1) 

Amounts in this column, if any, represent the fair value required by ASC 718 to be included in our financial statements for all options granted during fiscal year 2023. 

(2) 

There are no options outstanding for the directors. 

(3) 

Mr. Walker also receives a monthly stipend of 2,400 for his additional responsibility as Chairman of the Board. 

57

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Compensation (continued) 

Compensation Policy 

The Company does not believe that its compensation policies are reasonably likely to increase corporate risk or have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth certain information known to the Company with respect to the beneficial ownership as of June 14, 2023, by (i) all persons who are beneficial owners of five percent (5 or more of the Company s Common Stock, (ii) each director and nominee, (iii) the executive officers, and (iv) all current directors and executive officers as a group. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the tables for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

For purposes of these tables, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 14, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our Common Stock held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of June 14, 2023, is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

58

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (continued) 

Name and Address 

Number of Shares 

			 Beneficially Owned 

Percentage 

			 of Class (1) 

Named Directors and Officers 

Stephen A. Fletcher, Director 

7,254 
			 (2) 

0.2 

3995 Oleander Court 

Orange Beach, AL 36561 

George J. Leon, Director 

455,971 
			 (3) 

14.0 

168 Redpath Avenue 

Toronto, Ontario, Canada M4P 2K6 

Jeffrey C. O Hara, CEO, Director 

224,156 
			 (4) 

6.9 

853 Turnbridge Circle 

Naperville, IL 60540 

Robert A. Rice, Director 

26,700 

0.8 

5 Roundabout Lane 

Cape Elizabeth, ME 04107 

Robert H. Walker, Director 

75,083 

2.3 

27 Vantage Court 

Port Jefferson, NY 11777 

Pauline X. Romeo, CAO 

6,400 
			 (4) 

0.2 

1 Branca Road 

			 East Rutherford, NJ 07073 

All officers and directors as a group (6 persons) 

795,564 
			 (7) 

24.3 

Vincent J. Dowling, Jr. 

743,484 
			 (5) 

22.8 

54 Ledyard Road 

West Hartford, CT 06117 

Mrs. Sadie Fletcher 

486,293 
			 (6) 

14.9 

657 Downing Lane 

Williamsville, NY 14221 

Vincent J. Dowling, Sr. 

556,297 
			 (8) 

17.1 

102 Island Creek Drive 

Indian River Shores, FL 32963 

All officers, directors and 5 holders as a group (8 persons) 

2,581,638 
			 (9) 

79.3 

59

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (continued) 

(1) 

The class includes 3,255,887 shares outstanding in the calculation of the percentage of shares owned by a party. The Common Stock deemed to be owned by the named party includes stock which is not outstanding but subject to currently exercisable options held by the individual named in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)c) of the Exchange Act. The foregoing information is based on reports made by the named individuals. 

(2) 

Mr. Stephen A. Fletcher is the son of Mr. Harold K. Fletcher, former Chief Executive Officer, and director of the Company. Mr. Stephen A. Fletcher is the son of Mrs. Sadie Fletcher who beneficially owns 486,293 shares by virtue of the Estate of Harold K. Fletcher. Mr. Fletcher disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by the Estate of Harold K. Fletcher. 

(3) 

Includes 419,921 shares owned by the George Leon Family Trust, of which Mr. Leon is a beneficiary. Mr. Leon acts as manager of the trust assets pursuant to an informal family, oral arrangement, and disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by the trust. 

(4) 

Includes shares subject to currently exercisable stock options owned by Mr. O Hara (16,000 shares) and Ms. Romeo (6,400 shares). 

(5) 

Includes 333,333 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as well as an additional 206,815 shares that may be acquired based on accrued dividends. The Holder(s) of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock can vote together with the holders of the Company s common stock Common Stock on an as-converted basis on each matter submitted to a vote of holders of Common Stock (whether at a meeting of shareholders or by written consent). In any such vote, the number of votes that may be cast by a Holder shall be equal to one (1) vote for each Conversion Share underlying such Holder s outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment based on the applicable Maximum Conversion Amount, as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent (see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements). Shares of 3,336 are held by the children of the Holder. 

(6) 

Represents 486,293 shares owned by the Estate of Harold K. Fletcher, former Chief Executive Officer, and director of the Company. Mrs. Fletcher is the mother of Stephen A. Fletcher, a director of the Company. 

(7) 

Includes 22,400 shares subject to currently exercisable options held by all executive officers and directors of the Company (including those individually named above). 

(8) 

Includes 166,667 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as well as an additional 119,556 shares that may be acquired based on accrued dividends. The Holder(s) of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock can vote together with the holders of the Company s common stock Common Stock on an as-converted basis on each matter submitted to a vote of holders of Common Stock (whether at a meeting of shareholders or by written consent). In any such vote, the number of votes that may be cast by a Holder shall be equal to one (1) vote for each Conversion Share underlying such Holder s outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements). 

Also includes 166,667 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as well as an additional 103,408 shares that may be acquired based on accrued dividends. The Holder(s) of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock can vote together with the holders of the Company s common stock Common Stock on an as-converted basis on each matter submitted to a vote of holders of Common Stock (whether at a meeting of shareholders or by written consent). In any such vote, the number of votes that may be cast by a Holder shall be equal to one (1) vote for each Conversion Share underlying such Holder s outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment based on the applicable Maximum Conversion Amount, as of the record date for such vote or written consent or, if there is no specified record date, as of the date of such vote or written consent (see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements). 

(9) 

Includes 22,400 shares subject to currently exercisable options held by all executive officers and directors of the Company (including those individually named above). Also 333,333 and 194,593 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 

60

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (continued) 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

In December 2016, the Board adopted the 2016 Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan which reserved for issuance options to purchase up to 250,000 shares of its Common Stock. The stockholders approved the 2016 Plan at the January 2017 annual meeting. Shareholders had previously adopted the 2006 Stock Option Plan, under which substantially all of the options have been granted. Therefore, the Board approved the 2016 Plan, and the terms are substantially the same as under the 2006 Employees Stock Option. 

The 2016 Plan reserves for issuance options to purchase up to 250,000 shares of its common stock. All employees, directors and consultants are eligible to receive stock option grants under this plan. The 2016 Plan, which has a term of ten years from the date of adoption, is administered by the Board or by a committee appointed by the Board. The selection of participants, allotment of shares, and other conditions related to the grant of options, to the extent not set forth in the Plan, are determined by the Board. Options granted under the Plan are exercisable up to a period of five years from the date of grant at an exercise price which is not less than the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant, except to a shareholder owning 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the Company, as to which the exercise price must be not less than 110 of the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant. Options, for the most part, are exercisable on a cumulative basis, 20 at or after each of the first, second, and third anniversary of the grant and 40 after the fourth year anniversary. These terms can be modified based upon approval of the Board. 

The following table provides information as of March 31, 2023, regarding compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance. See Equity Compensation Plan Information under Item 12 below. 

Plan category 

Number of securities to be issued 

			 upon exercise of outstanding options 

Weighted average exercise 

			 price of outstanding options 

Number of options remaining available for future issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Equity Compensation Plans approved by shareholders 

99,000 

3.13 

151,000 

Equity Compensation Plans not approved by shareholders 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

99,000 

3.13 

151,000 

See discussion above and Note 16 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

The Company has obtained marketing and sales services from a brother-in-law of the Company s CEO with the related fees and commissions amounting to 145,446 and 145,898 for the years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. At fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, 3,000 remained accrued and unpaid. 

Director Independence 

On an annual basis, each director and executive officer is obligated to disclose any transactions with the Company in which a director or executive officer, or any member of his or her immediate family, have a direct or indirect material interest in accordance with Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K. 

As of June 15, 2023, the Board determined that the following directors are independent under these standards: 

Robert Walker, George Leon, and Robert Rice. 

61

Table of Contents 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

As previously reported, the Audit Committee appointed Marcum LLP to serve as the Company's independent auditor for fiscal year 2023. 

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and 2022, professional services were performed by Marcum LLP and Friedman LLP, the Company s independent registered public accountants for those years were as follows: 

2023 

2022 

Audit Fees (Friedman LLP) 

82,950 

124,991 

Audit Fees (Marcum LLP) 

59,850 

- 

Audit-Related Fees 

- 

- 

Total Audit and Audit-Related Fees 

142,800 

124,991 

Tax Fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

142,800 

124,991 

Audit Fees. This category includes the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements and reviews of the financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K. It also includes advice on accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements, and services which are normally provided in connection with regulatory filings, or in an auditing engagement. Marcum LLP performed the audit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and reviews for quarters 2 and 3. Friedman LLP performed the audit for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, and the review for quarter 1 for fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees, and All Other Fees . No fees under these categories were paid to Marcum LLP and Friedman LLP in 2023 and/or 2022. 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditor 

The Audit Committee has established a policy which requires it to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services, including audit-related and tax services, if any, to be provided by the independent auditor. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and is detailed as to the particular service or category of service to be performed, and is subject to a detailed budget. The auditor and management are required to report periodically to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services performed and the amount of fees paid to date, in accordance with the pre-approval. 

62

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

a.) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 

Pages 

Financial Statements: 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: 711 and 688) 

25 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - March 31, 2023 and 2022 

27 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

28 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

29 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

30 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

32 

63

Table of Contents 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (continued) 

c.) Exhibits identified in parentheses below on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, are incorporated herein by reference as exhibits hereto. 

(3.1) 

Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. s Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated November 8, 1996 (incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 1997). 

(3.2) 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2018). 

(3.3) 

Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. s By-Laws, as amended (incorporated by reference to Registration 33-18978 dated November 7, 1988). 

(3.4) 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 9, 2018). 

(10.1) 

10 convertible subordinated note between Registrant and Harold K. Fletcher (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2002). 

(10.2) 

Purchase agreement between Registrant and Innerspace Technology (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2004). 

(10.3) 

Agreement between Registrant and Semaphore Capital Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2002). 

(10.5) 

Subordinated Note Between Registrant and Harold K. Fletcher (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2010). 

(10.6) 

Subordinated Note Between Registrant and Jeffrey C. O Hara (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2010). 

(10.7) 

Loan Agreement with BCA Mezzanine Fund, LLP (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2011). 

(10.8) 

Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement among Harold. K. Fletcher, Jeffrey C. O Hara and BCA Mezzanine Fund, LLP (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2011). 

(10.9) 

Subscription Agreement between Registrant and Subscriber (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2012). 

(10.10) 

Loan Agreement with Bank of America (incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February 17, 2015). 

(10.11) 

Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2017). 

(10.12) 

2016 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on December 27, 2016). 

(10.13) 

Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 9, 2018). 

(21.1) 

List of Subsidiaries 

(23.1) 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent Marcum LLP 

(23.2) 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent Friedman LLP 

(31.1) 

Certification by CEO pursuant to Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act. 

(31.2) 

Certification by PAO pursuant to Rule 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act. 

(32.1) 

Certification by CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(32.2) 

Certification by PAO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

The Company will furnish to a stockholder, upon request, any exhibit at cost. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

64

Table of Contents 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TEL-INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: June 15, 2023 

By: 

/s/ Jeffrey C. O Hara 

Jeffrey C. O Hara 

CEO and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated and by signature hereto. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Jeffrey C. O Hara 

CEO, President, and Director 

June 15, 2023 

Jeffrey C. O Hara 

/s/ Pauline X. Romeo 

Chief Accounting Officer 

June 15, 2023 

Pauline X. Romeo 

/s/ Stephen A. Fletcher 

Director 

June 15, 2023 

Stephen A. Fletcher 

/s/ George J. Leon 

Director 

June 15, 2023 

George J. Leon 

/s/ Robert A. Rice 

Director 

June 15, 2023 

Robert A. Rice 

/s/ Robert H. Walker 

Chairman of the Board, Director 

June 15, 2023 

Robert H. Walker 

65

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_531687.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_531687.htm 

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 

Innerspace Technology, Inc., a New Jersey Corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_531688.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_531688.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-127670) of our report dated June 15, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. as of March 31, 2023 and for the year ended March 31, 2023, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 Marlton, New Jersey 

 June 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex_531689.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2

ex_531689.htm 

Exhibit 23.2 

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-127670) of our report dated June 17, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. as of March 31, 2022 and for the year ended March 31, 2022 appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. for the year ended March 31, 2023. We resigned as auditors on September 13, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements for the periods after the date of our resignation. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Marlton, New Jersey 

 June 15, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_531690.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_531690.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeffrey C. O Hara, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a) and 15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation, and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

June 15, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey C. O Hara 

 Jeffrey C. O Hara 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_531691.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_531691.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Pauline X. Romeo certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a) and 15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation, and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

June 15, 2023 

/s/ Pauline X. Romeo 

 Pauline X. Romeo 

 Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_531692.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_531692.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey C. O Hara, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to and solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

June 15, 2023 

By: /s/ Jeffrey C. O Hara 

 Jeffrey C. O Hara 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex_531693.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_531693.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Tel-Instrument Electronics Corp. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Pauline X. Romeo, Principal Accounting Officer, certify, pursuant to and solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

2. 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

June 15, 2023 

By: /s/ Pauline X. Romeo 

 Pauline X. Romeo 

 Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tikk-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tikk-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tikk-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tikk-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tikk-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

