<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230405_10-K_edgar_data_1841383_0001193125-23-092195.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5429690</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>488370</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>913835</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1560172</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1196076</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1131733</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-092195.hdr.sgml : 20230405
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230405160227
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-092195
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230405
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230405

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Levere Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001841383
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40243
		FILM NUMBER:		23802426

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1093, BOUNDARY HALL
		STREET 2:		CRICKET SQUARE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(345) 949-8066

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1093, BOUNDARY HALL
		STREET 2:		CRICKET SQUARE
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-092195.txt : 20230405

10-K
 1
 d453166d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 
to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, ,

, 

Cayman Islands 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: +1 ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Capital Market

Capital Market

Capital Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates
 (based on the closing price on the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market) was . 
 
 As of April 4
, 2023, there were -

- Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

18 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

51 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

51 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

51 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

51 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

52 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 

53 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

53 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

57 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

57 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

57 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

57 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

59 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

59 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

60 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

63 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

64 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

65 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

70 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

70 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Levere Holdings Corp., a blank check company incorporated on January 15, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our Sponsor refer to Goggo Network GmbH, a German company. References to our IPO refer to the initial public offering of Levere Holdings Corp. which closed on March 23, 2021, referenced herein as the Close Date. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements contained in this Annual Report, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, around believe, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, target, potential, will, would, could, should, continue, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, filings. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the impact of global economic and political developments on our business, including rising inflation and capital market disruptions, the current conflict in Ukraine, economic sanctions and economic slowdowns or recessions that may result from such developments which could harm our ability to consummate the Business Combination (as defined below); 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; and 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors . We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. You should refer to the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business Introduction Recent Developments Levere Holdings Corp., or the Company, February 23, 2022, issued a press release announcing that it would redeem all of its outstanding Class A ordinary shares that were included in the Units (as defined below) issued in its initial public offering, effective as of the close of business on March 23, 2023, as the Company would not consummate an initial business combination within the time period required by its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants (as defined below) and Units ceased trading on Nasdaq as of market close on March 23, 2023. The following day, on March 24, 2023, the Company redeemed all 27,128,532 of its Class A ordinary shares totaling 277,532,655 (at approximately 10.23 per Class A ordinary share.) Accordingly, the following discussion relates to the Company s historical operations as of December 31, 2022 and does not give effect to the subsequent (i) delisting of the Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units (ii) redemption of the Class A ordinary shares (iii) expiration of the Public Warrants, or (iv) wind down of its business, each of which has already occurred or is ongoing. Initial Public Offering The Company, was incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 15, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses or entities, referenced herein as the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the Initial Public Offering, or the IPO, which is described below, and identifying a target company for the Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of the Business Combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the IPO. Our sponsor was Levere Holding GG Ltd., or Levere GG, a U.K private company limited by shares. On March 23, 2021, we entered into an agreement with Goggo Network GmbH, a German company limited by shares and Levere GG, pursuant to which Levere GG transferred 6,413,571 Class B ordinary shares to Goggo Network Gmbh. Upon the transfer of shares, Goggo Network Gmbh became our new sponsor. The registration statement for our IPO was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on March 18, 2021. On March 23, 2021, the Company consummated its IPO of 25,000,000 units, or the Units, and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000, which is discussed in Note 1. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per whole share, each whole warrant a Public Warrant. Simultaneously with the closing of its IPO, the Company consummated the issuance and sale of 4,666,667 warrants, or the Private Placement Warrants, and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,000,000, which is discussed in Note 1, referred to herein as the IPO Private Placement. On March 31, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 2,128,532 Units, generating aggregate gross proceeds of 21,285,320, and incurring 425,706 in cash underwriting fees. The underwriters forfeited the remainder of the option on May 2, 2021. Simultaneously with the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, we completed the sale of an additional 283,804 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor, at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of 425,706, which is discussed in Note 1, referred to herein as the Over-Allotment Private Placement, and together with the IPO Private Placement, the Private Placements. On March 31, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 532,132 Class B ordinary shares for cancellation in connection with the partial exercise of the over- allotment option. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253105). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statement effective on March 18, 2021. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

We subsequently determined that, due to a clerical error in the calculation of the number of Class B ordinary shares to be surrendered to the Company in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor inadvertently surrendered 126,765 Class B ordinary shares more than the 405,367 Class B ordinary shares that were required to have been forfeited by it in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, referenced herein as the Clerical Error. Accordingly, on September 16, 2021, we issued 126,765 Class B ordinary shares to our Sponsor, for no consideration, to correct the Clerical Error, such that the total number of Class B ordinary shares forfeited by our Sponsor, after giving effect to the correction of the Clerical Error, was 405,367 Class B ordinary shares. Transaction costs of the IPO and the over-allotment option amounted to 15,622,172 consisting of 5,425,706 of underwriting discount, 9,494,986 of deferred underwriting discount, and 701,480 of other offering costs of which 618,405 were allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. Following the closing of the IPO on March 23, 2021, and closing of the over-allotment option on March 31, 2021, 271,285,320 10.00 per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and over-allotment, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account, or the Trust Account. Our Sponsor Our Sponsor, Goggo Network, is developing a legal and engineering framework for Europe, Middle East and Africa, or EMEA, autonomous mobility networks. Goggo Network strives to lead the driverless revolution in order to solve the transportation challenges of today including heavy traffic and pollution. Goggo Network has and continues to help support us in our acquisition target selection and combination strategy. We have focused and intend to continue to focus on acquisition targets with a presence in EMEA, with high potential for EMEA entrance or those who would benefit from being deployed in EMEA to then expand to different regions. We have and expect to continue to concentrate our efforts on companies who play a key role for the future of mobility, including the development of autonomous driving, connected vehicles, mobility services and electric vehicles as well as established companies with intellectual property or other assets that we regard as highly valuable for the future mobility sector. We have focused and expect to continue to focus our search on business models that have achieved or exhibit clear potential for significant revenue and earnings growth. We have and intend to continue to concentrate on companies with unique technology and outstanding product and service offerings that address shifting mobility customer preferences, and where we believe incremental capital can generate superior returns through a combination of growth investments in new product/geographies, increased production capacity or synergistic add-on acquisitions. We have analyzed and intend to continue analyzing the strengths and weaknesses of target businesses relative to their peers and seek to acquire one or more businesses that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help to protect their market position and profitability. Our management team and Board have a significant network within the EMEA mobility industry and in various EMEA public administrations, which we believe will facilitate the identification of and engagement with potential targets and their relevant owners and stakeholders. In addition, we view EMEA as a unique environment where we can take advantage of our understanding of social, economic and policy factors to unlock value from strong mobility players. We intend to capitalize on the ability of management to identify, acquire and manage a business or businesses that can benefit from our operational expertise and network, as members of our team have done in diverse sectors, including, technology, telecommunications and healthcare. Business Strategy Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify, acquire and, after our initial Business Combination, to build a company in the EMEA mobility sector that complements the experience of our management team and can benefit from our operational expertise. Our acquisition selection process leverages our team s network of potential transaction sources, ranging from owners and directors of private and public companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, lenders, attorneys, accountants and other trusted advisors across various sectors. In addition, we intend to utilize the networks and industry experience of each of Mr. Varsavsky (our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and a Director), Ms. Fage (our Chief Operating Officer and a Director) and our sponsor Goggo Network in seeking the Business Combination. Over the course of their careers, the members of our 
 3 

Table of Contents 

management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. This network has been developed through our management team s years of business experience, including in private equity and consulting. We expect this network provides our management team with a robust and consistent flow of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, and large business enterprises. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into the Business Combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire one or more companies that we believe: 

will play a key role in the development of the future of mobility in EMEA; 

exhibit unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe have been misevaluated by the marketplace; 

can benefit from our founders knowledge of the target sectors, proven collection of operational strategies and tools, and past experiences in profitably and rapidly scaling businesses; 

offer opportunities to enhance financial performance through organic initiatives and/or inorganic growth opportunities that we identify in our analysis and due diligence; 

are valued attractively relative to their existing cash flows and potential for operational improvement; 

offer an attractive potential return for our shareholders, weighing potential growth opportunities and operational improvements in the target business against any identified downside risks; 

are at an inflection point where we believe we can drive improved financial performance; and 

are fundamentally sound but are underperforming their potential. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into the Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we intend to disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to the Business Combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we intend to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We have also utilized our management team s operational and capital planning experience. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which the Business Combination is not ultimately completed, will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Over time, our founders have built up significant experience of working efficiently together on specific situations as a result of their common presence in various governance bodies. Any business combination will require the support of our founders. We believe this commitment will help lead to an optimal outcome for us, ensuring that any business combination proposed to the board has the full backing of our Sponsor, enhancing the likelihood of success when negotiating with the seller of the asset and, if consummated, ensuring that we fully benefit from our founders network and expertise. We believe we offer sellers of assets of a potential business combination a differentiated opportunity and transaction structure than those currently available within our Sponsor group-specifically the offer of a Nasdaq listing facilitating an ability for the seller to roll its existing ownership into a publicly listed entity and retain direct and material involvement in the combined entity, including, potentially, managerial responsibilities, should they wish to 
 4 

Table of Contents 

do so. The transaction structure we can offer may better take into account and value the growth prospects of the target company. It may also facilitate a greater alignment of interests between us, as the buyer, and the seller due to our ability to combine cash and shares when completing the business combination. These important differences in transaction structure mean that we believe the targets that we evaluate are generally different from those that are regularly considered by the founders in their existing activities. Certain of our officers and directors have, or may in the future have, fiduciary or contractual obligations that oblige them, either now or in the future, to present business combination opportunities to such entity (subject to his or her fiduciary duties). As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to such Officer s and Director s fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete the Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any Director or Officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a Director or Officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our Board of Directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we will not consummate the Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our founders, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that the Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In addition, our founders, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking the Business Combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing the Business Combination. Our founders, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, have and will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts have to date or will in the future materially affect our ability to complete the Business Combination. Business Combination So long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, the Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring the Business Combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure the Business Combination such that the post-business combination 
 5 

Table of Contents 

company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to the Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to the Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding the Business Combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. To the extent we effect the Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management have and will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which the Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses may find this method a more attractive method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. Once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed Business Combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. Financial Position At December 31, 2022, the Company had funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 265,780,577, after payment of the non-reimbursed expenses of the IPO and 9,494,986 of deferred underwriting commissions, we believe we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete the Business Combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting our Initial Business Combination We intend to effectuate the Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with the Business Combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete the Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If the Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with the Business Combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing the Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We have not selected any business combination target. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete the Business Combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete the Business Combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the funds held in our Trust Account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with the Business Combination. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from our founders connections with European businesses, as well as various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we may receive proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. In addition, we may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We do not intend to engage a finder unless our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of the Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to reimburse and pay our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial, administrative and other support services and to reimburse our Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing the Business Combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following the Business Combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing the Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete the Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Management-Conflicts of Interest. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which the Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with the Business Combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding the Business Combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of the Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing the Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after the Business Combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting the Business Combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of the Business Combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following the Business Combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to the Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of the Business Combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for the Business Combination if, for example: 

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or 

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 9 

Table of Contents 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. Permitted Purchases of Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of the Business Combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to the Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of the Business Combination or not redeem their public shares. However, to our knowledge, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against the Business Combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against the Business Combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with the Business Combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of the Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with the Business Combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against the Business Combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to the Business Combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to the Business Combination. Our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of the Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is anticipated to be approximately 10.15 per public share (based on the Trust Account balance as of December 31, 2022). The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of the Business Combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of the Business Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

If we held a shareholder vote to approve the Business Combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete the Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of the Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 10,173,200, or 30 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,695,534, or 5 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 27,128,532 public shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of the Business Combination in order to have the Business Combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of the Business Combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete the Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such Business Combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting 
 12 

Table of Contents 

our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete the Business Combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against the Business Combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with the Business Combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on the Business Combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until March 23, 2023. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we will have only until March 23, 2023 to consummate the Business Combination. If we have not consummated the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate the Business Combination by March 23, 2023. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). Our Sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our Sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts held outside the Trust Account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the Trust Account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15 (based on the balance of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022). The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims 
 14 

Table of Contents 

against the Trust Account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the funds held in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to funds held outside the Trust Account with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our Trust Account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of 
 15 

Table of Contents 

directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the Business Combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of the Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with the Business Combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for the Business Combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for the Business Combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating the Business Combination. Employees We currently have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed the Business Combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the Business Combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of the Business Combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and as a result we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement 
 16 

Table of Contents 

requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In the event we complete a Business Combination and subsequently are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our Units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by our management team and our Sponsor s advisors and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete the Business Combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote in favor of such Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete the Business Combination and we may depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete the Business Combination. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete the Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target and may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

We generally are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for a business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We may not be able to complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if the Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for the Business Combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Our directors and officers will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete the Business Combination. 

Certain of our directors and officers are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our directors, officers, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination, and results of operations. 

The other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risk Factors An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. You should consider the following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase our securities. The Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units ceased trading on Nasdaq as of market close on March 23, 2023. The following day, on March 24, 2023, we redeemed all 27,128,532 of our Class A ordinary shares totaling 277,532,655 (at approximately 10.23 per Class A ordinary share). The following discussion addresses risks that were applicable to our business prior to the i delisting of our Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units from Nasdaq, (ii) redemption of our Class A ordinary shares, (iii) expiration of the Public Warrants, and (iv) wind down of our business, each of which has either already occurred or is ongoing. Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination, which means we may complete the Business Combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete the Business Combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete the Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled Part I, Item 1 Business Proposed Business-Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you have not been provided or will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe the Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, our Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our Sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to the Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek 
 19 

Table of Contents 

shareholder approval, we will complete the Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 10,173,200, or 30 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,695,534, or 5 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 27,128,532 public shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of the Business Combination in order to have the Business Combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of the Business Combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such Business Combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for the Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with the Business Combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that the Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If the Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that the Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If the Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach the Business Combination deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete the Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate the Business Combination by March 23, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete the Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete the Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into the Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate the Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as the recent invasion by Russia of Ukraine and increased rate of inflation in the United States and Europe, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate the Business Combination could be, or may already have been, materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as the recent invasion by Russia of Ukraine and increased rate of inflation in the United States and Europe, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as the recent invasion by Russia of Ukraine and any further escalation of hostilities related thereto, the continued increased rate of inflation in the United States and Europe, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. Recent increases in inflation in the United States, Europe and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. Recent increases in inflation in the United States, Europe and elsewhere may be leading to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. Military conflict in Ukraine could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. Military conflict in Ukraine may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national, regional and international economic disruptions and economic uncertainty, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify a business combination partner and consummate a business combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. We may not be able to consummate the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate the Business Combination by March 23, 2023. Our ability to complete the Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID- 
 21 

Table of Contents 

19 continues to evolve both in the U.S. and globally, and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete the Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as the recent invasion by Russia of Ukraine and any further escalation of hostilities related thereto, terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of the Business Combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with the Business Combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of the Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of the Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Proposed Business-Permitted Purchases of Our Securities for a description of how our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with the Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with the Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with the Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Proposed Business-Business Strategy-Effecting Our Initial Business Combination-Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete the Business Combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we have a longer period of time to complete the Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of the Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against the Business Combination is not restricted by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete the Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete the Business Combination. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the funds held in our Trust Account, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of the Business Combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for the Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a 
 23 

Table of Contents 

business combination. If we have not consummated the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. If the funds not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until March 23, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete the Business Combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete the Business Combination. We only have limited funds available to us outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate until March 23, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We may also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of the Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of the Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per public share (based on the balance of our Trust Account as of December 31, 2022), or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See -If third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. If third parties bring claims against us, the funds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where 
 24 

Table of Contents 

management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated a Business Combination by March 23, 2023, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with the Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share, due to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for the Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete the Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate the Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The funds held in the Trust Account have only been invested and will only be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete the Business Combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the funds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of income taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete the Business Combination, 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. If, after we distribute the funds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such funds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing our directors and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our public shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our public shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our public shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our public shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete the Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete the Business Combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 
 26 

Table of Contents 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long-term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the funds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of our funds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long-term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the funds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share (based on the balance of our Trust Account as of December 31, 2022), or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete the Business Combination, and our results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, or changes in market practice by market participants in response to the proposed rules, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities, hinder our ability to consummate an initial business combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a redemption or liquidation. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IR Act, was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock or shares by publicly traded domestic corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations, or the Excise Tax. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock or share issuances against the fair market value of stock or share repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax. The Treasury and the IRS recently have issued preliminary guidance regarding the application of the Excise Tax, but there can be no assurance that this guidance will be finally adopted in its current form. The Excise Tax applies to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. Because we are not a U.S. corporation, we do not anticipate that redemptions, in connection with an initial business combination or otherwise, will be subject to the Excise Tax. However, it is possible that the structure of a business combination in the future, such as a combination with a U.S. entity and/or our re-domestication as a U.S. corporation, could cause such redemptions to become subject to the Excise Tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the Excise Tax would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions, (ii) the structure of the initial business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with the initial business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the initial business combination but issued within the same taxable year of the redemptions) and (iv) the content of any regulations or further guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In addition, because the Excise Tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the Excise Tax have not been determined. Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In addition, the Excise Tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete an initial business combination or may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets, and thus, potentially hinder our ability to enter into and consummate an initial business combination. In addition, the Excise Tax could decrease the amount of funds available for distributions in connection with a redemption or liquidation. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of approximately 18,000.00 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. The grant of registration rights to our Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete the Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement between our Sponsor and us entered into on March 23, 2021, or the Registration Rights Agreement, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights are exercisable with respect to the founder shares, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make the Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue the Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. While we intend to focus our search on businesses across various industries in Europe, with a strong U.S. nexus and international reach, we expect to pursue business combination opportunities in any industry or sector and may pursue business combination opportunities in any geographic area, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate the Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete the Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries, sectors or geographies which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination in industries, sectors or geographies outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of 
 29 

Table of Contents 

the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to our investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into the Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into the Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into the Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete the Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of the Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share (based on the balance of our Trust Account as of December 31, 2022), or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We generally are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete the Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to the Business Combination. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. The investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete the Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete the Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Although we believe that the funds held in our Trust Account will be sufficient to allow us to complete the Business Combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the funds held in our Trust Account prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the Business Combination, the depletion of the available funds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with the Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with the Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete the Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated the Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share (based on the balance of our Trust Account as of December 31, 2022), or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete the Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate the Business Combination. We issued redeemable warrants to purchase 8,333,333 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the Units offered in our IPO and, simultaneously with the closing of our IPO, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. On March 31, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 2,128,532 Units. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, our Sponsor purchased an additional 283,804 Private Placement Warrants In addition, if our Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate the Business Combination. If (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, or the Newly Issued Price, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination, or the Market Value, is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect the Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting the Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of the Business Combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of the Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following the Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete the Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. Risks Related to the Post-Business Combination Company Subsequent to our completion of the Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the Business Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of the Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the Public Warrants. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our Public Warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete the Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of the Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, 472,871,468 and 43,217,867 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, were available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate the Business Combination) prior to, at the time of, or after the Business Combination at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As of December 31, 2022, there were no preference shares outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete the Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of the Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one prior to, at the time of, or after the Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with the Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our existing investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

the determination could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate the Business Combination. The Founder Shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if we fail to consummate the Business Combination) prior to, at the time of, or after the Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding at the completion of our IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the Business Combination. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies, or the Staff Statement. Specifically, the Staff Statement focused on warrants that have certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers or warrants which do not meet the criteria to be considered indexed to an entity s own stock, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our Warrants. As a result of the Staff Statement, we evaluated the accounting treatment of our 9,042,843 Public Warrants and 4,950,471 Private Placement Warrants, and determined that the Warrants should be recorded as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. As a result, included on our balance sheet from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K are derivative liabilities related to embedded features contained within our Warrants. Accounting Standards Codification 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity , provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors, which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our Warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or our Certifying Officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our controls around the accounting for complex financial instruments and the accounting for accruals for certain expenses were not effective as of December 31, 2022. This material weakness for accounting for complex financial instruments resulted in the restatement of our March 31, 2021, and June 30, 2021 quarterly financial statements were included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021 and August 13, 2021, respectively, as well as our balance sheet included in our Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2021, and restated in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021. Given these material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. To respond to the material weaknesses discussed above, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. Risks Related to our Management We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed the Business Combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect the Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following the Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect the Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following the Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after the Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following the Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of the Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to Registration Rights Agreement, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of the Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete the Business Combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of the Business Combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete the Business Combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate the Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described in Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance -Conflicts of Interest. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which 
 37 

Table of Contents 

we are seeking the Business Combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we are not specifically targeting a transaction with an affiliated entity, we may pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business-Effecting Our Initial Business Combination-Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our Sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if the Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for the Business Combination. On January 19, 2021, our Sponsor subscribed for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, for a total consideration of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares, of which our Sponsor owned 6,008,204 at December 31, 2022, will be worthless if we do not complete the Business Combination. On March 23, 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 7,000,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. On March 31, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, we completed the sale of an additional 283,804 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor, at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant 425,706 in the aggregate). If we do not consummate an initial business by March 23, 2023, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing the Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as March 23, 2023 nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of the Business Combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete the Business Combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after the Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 
 38 

Table of Contents 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the funds held in our Trust Account, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants resulted in net proceeds of 271.3 million, which we may use to complete the Business Combination. We may effectuate the Business Combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate the Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing the Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to the Business Combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete the Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the Business Combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete the Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate the Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after the Business Combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure the Business Combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business 
 39 

Table of Contents 

sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete the Business Combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete the Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete the Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate the Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete the Business Combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate the Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and 
 40 

Table of Contents 

restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the number of the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of the Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of the provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our Sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Our Sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including appointment of our directors, amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including the Business Combination. If our Sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of the Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of the Business Combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding the Business Combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. Risks Related to the Securities You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of the Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business by March 23, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of the Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated the Business Combination by March 23, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our Units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to the Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to the Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public stockholders). Additionally, in connection with the Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, in order for our Class A common stock to be listed upon the consummation of the Business Combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5,000,000 and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists any of 
 42 

Table of Contents 

our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over- the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. The Class A Ordinary Shares, Warrants and Units ceased trading on Nasdaq as of market close on March 23, 2023. The following day, on March 24, 2023, the redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares occurred. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of the Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate the Business Combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into the Business Combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their Business Combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate the Business Combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into the Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate the Business Combination, and may result in our inability to consummate the Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors or at all. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete the Business Combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate the Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

In addition, even if we were to complete the Business Combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate the Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in the Business Combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of the Business Combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the number of the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity holding any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, or a foreign action, in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have 
 44 

Table of Contents 

consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions, or an enforcement action, and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce the exclusive forum provision to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20-trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20-trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. Because each Unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each Unit contains one-third of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole Units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to Units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if a Unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. As used herein, the term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of Units, Class A ordinary shares or redeemable warrants that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect a valid election to be treated as a United States person. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. Our Business Combination or reincorporation in another jurisdiction may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may result in tax liability for a shareholder in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation pursuant to the Business Combination, such tax liability may attach prior to the consummation of redemptions of any of our public shares properly submitted to us for redemption in connection with such business combination. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership 
 47 

Table of Contents 

of us after the reincorporation. In addition, even if we do not reincorporate in another jurisdiction, depending on the fact at the time of the business combination or thereafter, we could be treated as tax resident in the jurisdiction in which the target company or its management is located, which could result in adverse tax consequences to us and our shareholders and warrant holders. After the Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after the Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. General Risk Factors Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had 344,038 in our operating bank accounts and working capital deficit of 590,693. Further, we have incurred, expect to continue to incur, significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need are discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial Business Combination may not be successful. The initial deadline for us to complete our initial business combination is March 23, 2023. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently incorporated company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing the Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete the Business Combination. If we fail to complete the Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new classes of shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for the Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such Business Combination, and if we effect such Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for the Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing the Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect the Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such Business Combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

If our management following the Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following the Business Combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After the Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate the Business Combination and if we effect the Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of the Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. Given our geographic focus of potential acquisition targets, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may be elevated. We may reincorporate in or transfer tax residence to another jurisdiction in connection with the Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In addition, the effect of such reincorporation or transfer, or merger into a new entity in such jurisdiction, may result in taxes being imposed on the Company or its shareholders. In connection with the Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the Cayman Islands. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. In addition, the effect of such reincorporation or transfer, or merger into a new entity in such jurisdiction, may result in taxes being imposed on the Company or its shareholders. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay any such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after reincorporation, transfer or merger. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we may reimburse and pay our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial, administrative and other support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our Units began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol LVRAU on March 19, 2021. On May 10, 2021, our Class A ordinary shares and Warrants began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbols LVRA and LVRAW, respectively. Holders At March 23, 2023 there was 1 holder of record of our Units, 1 holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares, and 2 holders of record of our separately traded Public Warrants. Following the expiration of the Public Warrants on March 23, 2023 and the redemption of our Class A ordinary shares on March 24, 2023, there were no holders of our Units, Class A ordinary shares or Public Warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of the Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of the Business Combination and there is no certainty we will be in a position to, or decide to, pay cash dividends after consummating any business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to the Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Use of Proceeds On March 23, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 25,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per whole share. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. acted as representatives of the underwriters. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250.0 million. We granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 31, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 2,128,532 Units generating gross proceeds of 21.3 million. On March 31, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered 532,132 Class B ordinary shares for cancellation in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253105). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on March 18, 2021. Upon further evaluation, management determined that, due to a clerical error in the calculation of the number of Class B ordinary shares to be surrendered to us in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor inadvertently surrendered 126,765 Class B ordinary shares more than the 405,367 Class B ordinary shares that were required to have been forfeited by it in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, referenced herein as the Clerical Error. Accordingly, on September 16, 2021, we issued 126,765 Class B ordinary shares to our Sponsor, for no consideration, to correct the Clerical Error, such that the total number of Class B ordinary shares forfeited by our Sponsor, after giving effect to the correction of the Clerical Error, was 405,367 Class B ordinary shares. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants, at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7.0 million. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, our Sponsor purchased an additional 283,804 Private Placement Warrants, generating gross proceeds of approximately 0.4 million. In connection with the IPO and the over-allotment, we incurred offering costs of approximately 15.7 million, inclusive of approximately 9.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the IPO. After deducting the underwriting discounts and 
 52 

Table of Contents 

commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the IPO expenses, 271.3 million of the net proceeds from our IPO, the over-allotment and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the IPO) were placed in the Trust Account. See Note 1 to the audited financial statements for additional detail. We have agreed to pay the underwriters up to an additional 9.5 million on account of certain deferred underwriting fees in connection with the initial Business Combination; provided, however, that the underwriters will not be paid such additional fees if we do not complete the initial Business Combination. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the IPO and Private Placement as is described in our final prospectus related to the IPO. We issued a press release announcing that we would redeem all of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares that were included in the Units issued in our initial public offering, effective as of the close of business on March 23, 2023, as we would not consummate an initial business combination within the time period required by our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units ceased trading on Nasdaq as of market close on March 23, 2023. The following day, on March 24, 2023, the Company redeemed all 27,128,532 of its Class A ordinary shares totaling 277,532,655 (at approximately 10.23 per Class A ordinary share.) Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the Company, our, us or we refer to Levere Holdings Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. On February 23, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing that it would redeem all of its outstanding Class A ordinary shares that were included in the Units issued in its initial public offering, effective as of the close of business on March 23, 2023, as the Company would not consummate an initial business combination within the time period required by its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units ceased trading on Nasdaq as of market close on March 23, 2023. The following day, on March 24, 2023, the Company redeemed all 27,128,532 of its Class A ordinary shares totaling 277,532,655 (at approximately 10.23 per Class A ordinary share.) The following discussion relates to the Company s historical operations and does not give effect to the subsequent (i) delisting of the Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units, (ii) redemption of the Class A ordinary shares, (iii) expiration of the Public Warrants or (iv) wind down of its business, each of which has already occurred or is ongoing. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 15, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, or a Business Combination. Our sponsor is Goggo Network Gmbh, a German company limited by shares, or our Sponsor. The registration statement for our initial public offering, or IPO, was declared effective on March 18, 2021. On March 23, 2021, we consummated the IPO of 25,000,000 Units (as defined below), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250.0 million. The Company granted the Underwriters in the IPO, or the Underwriters, a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 31, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 2,128,532 Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of approximately 21.3 million. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share, or a Public Warrant, at a price of 11.50 per whole share, or the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, or the Public Shares. We incurred transaction costs for the IPO and over-allotment of approximately 15.6 million, inclusive of approximately 9.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 4,666,667 warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or the Private Placement Warrants, and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants, to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7.0 million, or the IPO Private Placement. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the overallotment option, we completed the sale of an aggregate of an additional 283,804 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of approximately 0.4 million, or the Over-Allotment Private Placement and together with the IPO Private Placement, the Private Placements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Upon the closing of the IPO and exercise of the over-allotment option, and the simultaneous Private Placements, approximately 271.3 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds were placed in a trust account, or Trust Account, located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. If we have not completed a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Results of Operations For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately 12.5 million, which is primarily comprised of a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately 9.7 million and interest earned on marketable securities of 4.0 million, partially offset by a loss from operations of approximately 1.2 million. For the period from January 15, 2021 to December 31, 2021, we had a net income of approximately 4.7 million, which is primarily comprised of a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of approximately 6.3 million and interest earned on marketable securities of 0.01 million, partially offset by a loss from operations of approximately 1.0 million and offering cost expense allocated to warrants of 0.62 million. Our business activities from inception to December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of our formation and completing our IPO and, since the completion of our IPO, our activity has been limited to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 0.3 million in our operating bank account, and a working capital deficit of approximately 0.6 million, or working capital of approximately 0.4 million excluding the convertible promissory note payable. Our liquidity needs up to March 23, 2021 had been satisfied through (i) a capital contribution from our Sponsor of 25,000 for the 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, or the Founder Shares, and (ii) proceeds from the loan under an unsecured promissory note from our Sponsor of up to 300,000. Subsequent to the consummation of our IPO, our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the Private Placements not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. On May 13, 2022, we entered into a convertible promissory note with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to an aggregate principal amount of 960,000. Concurrently with entering into the debt agreement, we borrowed 960,000 against the convertible promissory note. The proceeds from the note were to be used to for working capital purposes and to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination. See Note 5 to our financial statements for further discussion of the convertible promissory note. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance under the convertible promissory note amounted to an aggregate of 960,000. Management has determined that they did not have enough cash to meet its obligations as they became due. Management incurred significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company had until March 23, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. The Company was not able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. On March 24, 2023, the Company has redeemed all of its Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to possible redemption. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the subsequent redemption of all of its Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of the Company s assets, Class A Ordinary shares subject to redemption and liabilities that might result from the outcome of these matters. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or other long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We began incurring these fees on March 23, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of an initial business combination and our liquidation. The underwriters of the IPO are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO and over-allotment, or 9,494,986 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the Underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Estimates This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Warrants Liability We evaluated the Warrants in accordance with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 and concluded that a provision in the Warrant Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, by and between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company related to certain tender or exchange offers as well as provisions that provided for potential changes to the settlement amounts dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant, precludes the Warrants from being accounted for as components of equity. As the Warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815-40 and are not eligible for an exception from derivative accounting, the Warrants are recorded as derivative liabilities on our Balance Sheets and measured at fair value at inception (on the date of the IPO) and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement , with changes in fair value recognized in our Statement of Operations in the period of change. Convertible Promissory Note We account for conversion options embedded in convertible notes in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). ASC 815 generally requires companies to bifurcate conversion options embedded in convertible notes from their host instruments and to account for them as free-standing derivative financial instruments. We review the terms of convertible debt issued to determine whether there are embedded derivative instruments, including embedded conversion options, which are required to be bifurcated and accounted for separately as derivative financial instruments. In circumstances where the host instrument contains more than one embedded derivative instrument, including the conversion option, that is required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument. Bifurcated embedded derivatives are initially recorded at fair value and are then revalued at each reporting date with changes in the fair value reported as non-operating income or expense. When the equity or convertible debt 
 55 

Table of Contents 

instruments contain embedded derivative instruments that are to be bifurcated and accounted for as liabilities, the total proceeds received are first allocated to the fair value of all the bifurcated derivative instruments. The remaining proceeds, if any, are then allocated to the host instruments themselves, usually resulting in those instruments being recorded at a discount from their face value. The discount from the face value of the convertible debt, together with the stated interest on the instrument, is amortized over the life of the instrument through periodic charges to interest expense. We assessed the provisions of the Convertible Promissory Note under ASC 815. The derivative component of the obligation is initially valued and classified as a derivative liability. The conversion option was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The conversion option liability is not recorded as of December 31, 2022 as it was determined to have no fair value. Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering We comply with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs. Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the IPO that were directly related to the IPO. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the IPO based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with Warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred, presented as non-operating expenses in our Statement of Operations. Offering costs associated with the Class A ordinary shares were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the IPO. Transaction costs of the IPO, including the partial exercise of the over-allotment, amounted to 15,622,172, of which 618,405 were allocated to expense associated with the Warrant liability. Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption All of the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to our charter. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within our control require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, all Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary share to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary share are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income Per Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. We have two classes of shares, Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. We have not considered the effect of warrants sold in the IPO and the Private Placements to purchase 13,993,314 ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted net income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period presented. Our statement of operations applies the two-class method in calculating net income per share. Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share for Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares is calculated by dividing net income attributable to us by the weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding, allocated proportionally to each class of shares. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU2 020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The ASU also removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for scope exception, and it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status As an emerging growth company, or EGC, under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act, we may delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. Other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements under the JOBS Act for EGCs include presentation of only two years of audited financial statements in a registration statement for an IPO, an exemption from the requirement to provide an auditor s report on internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, an exemption from any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation, and less extensive disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an EGC can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an EGC to delay the adoption of some accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard and may do so until such time that we either (1) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (2) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. We are also a smaller reporting company, as defined in the Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company, in which case we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are listed in Part IV, Item 15- Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or our Certifying Officers, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our controls around the accounting for complex financial instruments and the accounting for accruals for certain expenses were not effective as of December 31, 2022. This material weakness for accounting for complex financial instruments resulted in the restatement of our March 31, 2021, and June 30, 2021 quarterly financial statements were included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021 and August 13, 2021, respectively, as well as our balance sheet included in our Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 29, 2021, and restated in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, result of operations and cash flows of the periods presented. To respond to the material weaknesses noted above, we have devoted, and plan to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in the accounting for complex transactions and accounting for accruals for certain expenses. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

This Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than the matter disclosed above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not Applicable. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 

Mart n Varsavsky 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Yasmine Fage 
 
 38 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Ulrich Hoernke 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Bodo Uebber 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Wilko Stark 
 
 50 
 
 Director 
 
 Alex Clavel 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Matthieu Pigasse 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 Mart n Varsavsky Mr. Varsavsky is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, or CEO, and a serial entrepreneur who has founded eight companies in the United States and Europe in the last 30 years. Mr. Varsavsky has successfully identified and profited from a number of trends including fiber optic networks, mobile networks, consumer internet, renewable energy such as wind and solar, and in healthcare, fertility preservation and embryo testing. At the start of his career in the 1990s, Mr. Varsavsky built Viatel Inc., which became the first pan-European fiber optic network (sold stake for 1.2 billion in 1999), followed by Jazztel, a telecom operator that went public in 1999 (exited at 770 million valuation). In the early 2000s, Mr. Varsavsky built Ya.com, which later sold to Deutsche Telekom for 650 million. In 2005, Mr. Varsavsky founded the international Wi-Fi services company Fon Wireless Ltd. Fon ), backed by equity investors Google and Microsoft. In May 2019, Mr. Varsavsky sold his entire stake in Fon back to the company as part of Fon s stock buyback program. Mr. Varsavsky subsequently co-founded Eolia Renovables de Inversiones SCR SA, one of Spain s largest renewable energy companies, which was sold in 2019. In 2015, backed by Lee Equity Partners, Mr. Varsavsky founded Prelude Fertility/Inception, now the largest chain of fertility clinics in the USA. In 2017, Mr. Varsavsky founded Overture Life, which focuses on automating the embryology lab and is backed by Khosla Ventures, Marc Benioff and Allen Company. In 2020, Martin founded Gameto, a biotechnology company focused on ovarian longevity and with respect to which he currently serves as Chairman of the board. Martin also serves as a director of Barter, a company in the solar energy space, and Blaudrive, a startup dedicated to charging of electric vehicles. Mr. Varsavsky is also an investor through Jazzya Investments, his family office and through funds with a combined pool of 200 million. These funds include VAS Ventures, which does seed and early stage investing, and Mart n Varsavsky Bankinter Fund, which does late stage investing and funds. Investment targets have included 23andMe, Aura Biosciences, Busuu, Cookunity, Elite Daily, Eloquii, Men ame Hipertextual, Netvibes, Reclamador, SmartThings, Todoexpertos, Truecaller, Tumblr, Verse, Voyage and Wavesense. In addition to his current role at Goggo Network as Co-Founder CEO, Mr. Varsavsky occasionally teaches entrepreneurship at Columbia Business School, New York University and IE University of Spain and serves as a member of the Board of Axel Springer SE. We believe Mr. Varsavsky is well qualified to serve as the Chairman of our board of directors because of his extensive management history and experience in identifying, investing in and building next-generation technologies and companies. Yasmine Fage Ms. Fage is our Chief Operating Officer, or COO, and has served as one of our directors since March 2021. She is Goggo Network s Co-Founder COO and venture partner at early stage venture fund VAS Ventures. She previously served as Associate Partner at McKinsey Company in the New York office where she was a leader in private equity and public sectors as well as the innovation practice. Ms. Fage is passionate about bringing innovation and systemic changes to societies and has gathered over 15 years of experience working with corporations and governments across the world in highly regulated industries such as healthcare and transportation. We believe Ms. Fage is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of her experience in venture capital and private equity investment. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Ulrich Hoernke Mr. Hoernke was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer on November 29, 2022. Mr. Hoernke has more than 30 years experience in the automotive business in Asia, Europe and the United States and has worked for global OEMs, such as Mercedes Benz, Chrysler, FiatChrysler, Daimler, FCA and Mitsubishi Motors. From February 2022 to November 2022, Mr. Hoernke served as the chief financial officer of Quantron AG, a platform provider and specialist for sustainable mobility for people and goods, where he led the company s financial reporting and accounting functions. Prior to that, Mr. Hoernke served as the Chief Financial Officer of fox e-mobility AG, a Duesseldorf stock exchange listed electric vehicle manufacturer, from December 2020 to January 2022 where he led that company s reverse merger with Catinum AG and listing to the Duesseldorf stock exchange and oversaw its strategy and business plan. Additionally, Mr. Hoernke founded and ran Up Management Inc., an automotive consulting firm specializing in advising electric vehicle startups, from February 2018 to December 2021. Additionally, Mr. Hoernke previously worked at Faraday Future Inc., where he served as the senior director of finance and was responsible for corporate planning, strategy, monthly financial reporting. Mr. Hoernke graduated with a degree in Finance (Master) from the University of Stuttgart and participated in executive programs at both Insead and Kellogg University. Bodo Uebber Bodo Uebber has served as one of our directors since March 2021. Mr. Uebber has served as Chairman of Evercore Germany s Supervisory Board since April 2020. Mr. Uebber was previously CFO of Daimler between 2004 and 2019 where his responsibilities included Finance, Mergers Acquisitions and the Daimler s Financial Services business unit, including Digital Mobility Services. He held numerous senior leadership roles at and on behalf of Daimler, including Daimler Financial Services AG, BAIC Motor Corporation and Mercedes-Benz Grand Prix. In addition to Daimler, Mr. Uebber was Chairman of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE (formerly: EADS) between 2007 and 2012. He currently serves on the Supervisory Boards of Bertelsmann and Adidas. We believe Mr. Uebber is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive management history and experience in the automotive industry and finance. Wilko Stark Wilko Stark has served as one of our directors since January 2022. Mr. Stark is a supervisory and advisory board member to several companies including ZKW Group, Schaltbau, AutoForm, Altech Advanced Materials and Flender. He is an operating executive of Carlyle. From November 2021 to January 2022, Mr. Stark also served as member of the Supervisory Board of Sonos Group N.V. He was a member of the Divisional Board of Management of Mercedes-Benz Cars, Purchasing and Supplier Quality from October 2018 until April 2019. In this position, he was responsible for purchasing of production material as well as the purchased parts quality of the Mercedes Benz Cars and Vans suppliers worldwide. He has been the head of Daimler Corporate Strategy and Strategy and Product Planning of Mercedes-Benz Cars since 2013 and has been additionally responsible for the CASE Division within Mercedes-Benz Cars since May 2017. At this point, he was responsible for the implementation of activities related to Connectivity, Autonomous Driving, Shared Services and E-Mobility at Mercedes-Benz Cars. Wilko started his professional career at the Boston Consulting Group in 1998. In 2007, he moved to Volkswagen AG, where he was Head of Product Strategy VW Group and VW Passenger Cars, as well as Head of Products of Seat S.A. In 2012, Wilko joined Daimler AG and was responsible for Products Modules Daimler Trucks. Wilko studied mechanical engineering (Diplom-Ingenieur) at the University of Stuttgart. We believe Mr. Stark is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive management history and experience in the automotive industry and finance. Alex Clavel Alex Clavel has served as one of our directors since March 2021. . Alex Clavel is the Chief Executive Officer of SoftBank Group International and executive managing partner of SoftBank Global Advisers where he oversees the Americas investing teams. Mr. Clavel joined SoftBank in Tokyo in 2015 and is currently based in New York City and Silicon Valley. Prior to joining SoftBank, Mr. Clavel spent 19 years at Morgan Stanley in investment banking. He earned a bachelor s degree from Princeton University and speaks French, Mandarin Chinese, and Japanese. He serves as a director of Prep for Prep and is a member of Princeton s National Annual Giving Committee.We believe We believe Mr. Clavel is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive management history and experience in the finance industry. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Matthieu Pigasse Matthieu Pigasse has served as one of our directors since March 2021. Mr. Pigasse is a Partner at Centerview Partners LLC Centerview and has over 20 years of investment banking experience both across a wide range of industries as well as government advisory. Mr. Pigasse s banking experience includes advising the largest companies in Europe such as L Or al, Kering, Carrefour, Danone, Sanofi, Total, Engie, Accor, Thales / Orange, in addition to governments such as Argentina, Greece and the Republic of the Congo. Mr. Pigasse started his career in the public service and served in the French Treasury where he was in charge of the cash and debt management for the French State. He then became Cabinet Advisor to the French Minister of Economy, Finance and Industry, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, and then Chief of Staff of Laurent Fabius, Minister of Economy, Finance and Industry. Prior to joining Centerview, Mr. Pigasse spent more than 15 years at Lazard Fr res where he was the Global Head of M A and Global Head of Government Advisory. Mr. Pigasse is also an entrepreneur with interests in the media sector (Le Monde, Mediawan, several radio networks) and has published three books on the economy. We believe Mr. Pigasse is well qualified to serve as member of our board of directors because of his extensive management history and experience as an investment banker. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Matthieu Pigasse and Wilko Stark, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Bodo Uebber and Alex Clavel, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mart n Varsavsky and Yasmine Fage, will expire at our third annual general meeting. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of the Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice president, secretary, treasurer and such other officers as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing rules require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have four independent directors as defined in Nasdaq rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of Bodo Uebber, Wilko Stark, Alex Clavel and Matthieu Pigasse is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors had and continue to have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NASDAQ and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NASDAQ require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee The members of our audit committee are Bodo Uebber, Alex Clavel and Matthieu Pigasse. Mr. Pigasse serves as the chair of the audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Bodo Uebber, Alex Clavel and Matthieu Pigasse is independent under NASDAQ listing rules and applicable SEC rules. Under NASDAQ listing rules and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Bodo Uebber qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires directors, executive officers and certain beneficial owners of our securities to file with the SEC reports of initial ownership and changes in ownership of our equity securities. Based solely upon a review of the reports furnished to us, we believe all of our directors, executive officers security holders timely filed all reports they were required to file under Section 16(a) during 2022, except that each of Wilko Stark and Ulrich Hoernke failed to file a Form 3 reporting their initial holdings in a timely manner. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.levereholdings.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and references to our website address in this Annual Form are inactive textual references only. Any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K promptly following the date of such amendment or waiver. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the Business Combination and our liquidation, we reimburse and pay our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial, administrative and other support services provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. One of our independent directors, Bodo Uebber earned an annual cash compensation of 57,000 for his service as a director during our last fiscal year, which was paid in February 2022, and earned annual cash compensation of 24,000 for his second year of board service with us, which was paid in February 2023. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to the Business Combination have been and will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we have not and do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating the Business Combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, have been or will be paid by us to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of the Business Combination. After the completion of the Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of the Business Combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not 
 63 

Table of Contents 

believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of the Business Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information available to us at March 22, 2023 with respect to our ordinary shares held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially own ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have shared or sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 

Class A ordinary shares (2) 

Class B ordinary shares (3) 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Percentage of Total Outstanding Ordinary Shares 

Goggo Network GmbH (our Sponsor) (4)(5) 

6,008,204 

88.59 

17.72 

Jazzya Investments SL (5)(6) 

2,859,480 

42.16 

8.43 

Glazer Capital, LLC (7) 

2,689,396 

9.91 

4.69 

Magnetar Financial LLC (8) 

1,566,586 

5.77 

4.61 

Fort Baker Capital Management LP (9) 

2,055,444 

7.58 

4.34 

Barclays PLC (10) 

1,469,415 

5.41 

4.33 

Yasmine Fage (5) 

661,892 

9.76 

1.95 

Ulrich Hoernke 

Wilko Stark 

20,090 

Matthieu Pigasse 

40,179 

Bodo Uebber 

40,179 

All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (6 individuals) 

3,621,820 

10.68 

Less than one percent 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 

(2) 
 Based on 27,128,532 Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

(3) 
 Based on 6,782,133 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares, at the election of the holders thereof, will convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of or after of the Business Combination (and reflects the various transfers discussed above). 

(4) 
 Based solely on a Form 4 filed on September 20, 2021, which reported ownership as of September 16, 2021, by Goggo Network GmBH, our Sponsor. Goggo Network GmbH directly holds 6,008,204 Class B ordinary shares. Goggo Network GmbH s shareholders are Axel Springer Digital Ventures GmbH, Jazzya Investment SL, SoftBank Group Capital Limited and Yasmine Fage. Mart n Varsavsky is the controlling shareholder of Jazzya Investment SL. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

(5) 
 Includes shares beneficially owned by the individual but held by our Sponsor. 

(6) 
 Mart n Varsavsky is an indirect beneficial owner through his controlling interest in Jazzya Investments SL. 

(7) 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, which reported ownership as of December 31, 2022, by Glazer Capital, LLC and Paul J. Glazer Mr. Glazer ). Glazer Capital, LLC and Mr. Glazer share voting and dispositive power over the reported shares. The principal business address of each reporting person is 250 West 55 th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

(8) 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 27, 2023, which reported ownership as of December 31, 2022, by Magnetar Financial LLC Magnetar Financial ), Magnetar Capital Partners LP (Magnetar Capital Partners ), Supernova Management LLC Supernova Management ), and David J. Snyderman Mr. Snyderman ). Magnetar Financial, Magnetar Capital Partners, Supernova Management and Mr. Snyderman share voting and dispositive power over the reported shares. The principal business address of each reporting person is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13 th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. 

(9) 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 which reported ownership as of December 31, 2022, by Fort Baker Capital Management LP, Steven Patrick Pigott Mr. Pigott and Fort Baker Capital, LLC. Fort Baker Capital Management LP, Mr. Pigott and Fort Baker Capital, LLC share voting and dispositive power over the reported shares. The principal business address of each reporting person is 700 Larkspur Landing Circle, Suite 275 Larkspur, CA 94938. 

(10) 
 Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed on January 30, 2023 which reported ownership as of December 31, 2022, by Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays PLC and Barclays Bank PLC share voting and dispositive power over the reported shares. The principal business address of each reporting person is 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, England. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. None. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Related Party Policy We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. We have adopted our Code of Ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our Board of Directors (or the appropriate committee of our Board of Directors) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and, if appropriate, approving or ratifying any related person transactions and other significant conflicts of interest, in each case in accordance with our Code of Ethics and our related person transaction policy. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, directors or officers, or our or any of their respective affiliates. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate the Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, directors or officers unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that the Business Combination that the Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash 
 65 

Table of Contents 

payments made by us to our Sponsor, directors or officers, or our or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which have been or will be made from the funds held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Bodo Uebber received annual cash compensation for service as a member of our board of directors of 57,000 for the first year and receive 24,000 for the second year; 

repayment of an aggregate of up to 300,000 in loans previously made to us by our Sponsor to cover IPO- related and organizational expenses; 

payment to an affiliate of our Sponsor of a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services; 

reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

repayment of loans which may be made by our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers to fund working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. These payments may be funded using finds not held in the Trust Account or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us in connection therewith. Transactions with Related Persons Founder Shares On January 19, 2021, Levere Holding GG Ltd., an affiliate of our Sponsor subscribed for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, for a total consideration of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf. On February 26, 2021, our Sponsor, Goggo Network, sold to our CEO, Mart n Varsavsky, 250,000 Class B ordinary shares, to our COO, Yasmine Fage, 140,000 Class B ordinary shares and to our former CFO, Stefan Krause, 178,571 Class B ordinary shares and to certain team members and advisors 84,821 Class B ordinary shares. On March 15, 2021, Levere Holding GG Ltd., the affiliate of our Sponsor sold to our Sponsor 6,413,571 Class B ordinary shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of our IPO. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. On March 31, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered to us for cancellation, 532,132 Class B ordinary shares. Upon further evaluation, management determined that, due to a clerical error in the calculation of the number of Class B ordinary shares to be surrendered to us in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor inadvertently surrendered 126,765 Class B ordinary shares more than the 405,367 Class B ordinary shares that were required to have been forfeited by it in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, or the Clerical Error. Accordingly, on September 16, 2021, we issued 126,765 Class B ordinary shares to our Sponsor, for no consideration, to correct the Clerical Error, such that the total number of Class B ordinary shares forfeited by our Sponsor, after giving effect to the correction of the Clerical Error, was 405,367 Class B ordinary shares. Our Sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of the Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, or the Lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our Sponsor, directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Amounts Due to Related Party Commencing on March 23, 2021, we agreed to reimburse the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial administrative and other support services provided to members of the management team, in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. A total of 2,581 has been accrued as of December 31, 2021. In addition, the Sponsor owed us 100,000 as of December 31, 2021 for legal costs of the Sponsor that we paid. The Sponsor subsequently repaid this amount in March 2022. Private Placement Warrants On March 23, 2021, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our IPO, for an aggregate purchase price of 7,000,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. On March 31, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of underwriter s exercise of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor purchased an additional 283,804 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor, at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of 425,706. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination. Promissory Notes On January 19, 2021, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note, or the 2021 Note. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of: (i) June 30, 2021 or (ii) the date of the consummation of the IPO. As of March 23, 2021, we had borrowed 211,135 under the Note. On March 26, 2021, we paid the balance on the 2021 Note in full. On May 13, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note, or the 2022 Note, in the principal amount of 960,000 to our Sponsor. The 2022 Note is a Working Capital Loan (as defined below) that is non-interest bearing and due and payable on the date we consummate our initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, or a Qualifying Business Combination. The principal balance of the 2022 Note may be prepaid at any time. Upon the consummation of a Qualifying Business Combination, our Sponsor shall have the option, but not the obligation, to convert the principal balance of the 2022 Note, in whole or in part, into private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The 2022 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically cause the unpaid principal balance of the 2022 Note and all other sums payable with regard to the Note to become immediately due and payable. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required, or Working Capital Loans. If we complete the Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may, at the option of the lender, be converted into Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. On May 13, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory note, or the 2022 Note, in the principal amount of 960,000 to our Sponsor. The 2022 Note is a Working Capital Loan (as defined below) that is non-interest bearing and due and payable on the date we consummate our initial merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, or a Qualifying Business Combination. The principal balance of the 2022 Note may be prepaid at any time. As of December 31, 2022, we had 960,000 under the Working Capital Loans, which represents the amount outstanding under the 2022 Note. Prior to the completion of the Business Combination, we have not sought and do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or any members of the management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants, and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective 
 67 

Table of Contents 

date of our IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of the Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of the Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as our Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Director Independence Nasdaq listing rules require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have four independent directors as defined in Nasdaq rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of Bodo Uebber, Wilko Stark, Alex Clavel and Matthieu Pigasse is an independent director under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Conflicts of Interest Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships each of which were considered in making the foregoing independence determination: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Mart n Varsavsky 
 
 Goggo Network GmbH (1) 
 
 Automotive 
 
 Co-Founder and CEO 

Jazzya Investments SL(1) 
 
 Holding investment company 
 
 Sole Administrator 

Varsavsky Axel Springer Ventures(1) 
 
 Holding investment company 
 
 Partner 

Mart n Varsavsky Bankinter Fund(1) 
 
 Holding investment company 
 
 Partner 

Overture Life Inc 
 
 Healthcare 
 
 CEO 

Prelude Fertility, Inc. 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Chairman and Founder 

Gameto Inc 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Chairman and Founder 

Barter SL 
 
 Renewable Energy 
 
 Director 

Blaudrive SL 
 
 Automotive 
 
 Director 

VAS Ventures SPV LLC 
 
 Holding investment company 
 
 Principal 
 
 Yasmine Fage 
 
 Goggo Network GmbH(1) 
 
 Automotive 
 
 Co-Founder and COO 

Varsavsky Axel Springer Ventures(1) 
 
 Holding investment company 
 
 Venture Partner 
 
 Bodo Uebber 
 
 Evercore GmbH 
 
 Financial services 
 
 Chairman of the Supervisory Board 

Adidas AG 
 
 Commerce 
 
 Board Member 

Bertelsmann Stiftung 
 
 Foundation 
 
 Board Member 
 
 Matthieu Pigasse 
 
 Centerview Partners LLC 
 
 Financial services 
 
 Partner 

Les Nouvelles Editions Ind pendantes SAS 
 
 Media 
 
 Owner and Chairman 

Le Monde Group 
 
 Media 
 
 Co-Owner 

Mediawan 
 
 Media 
 
 Director and Shareholder 

TERACT 
 
 Retail 
 
 Director and Shareholder 

DERICHEBOURG 
 
 Recycling 
 
 Director 

2MX Organic 
 
 Blank check company 
 
 Director and Shareholder 
 
 Alex Clavel 
 
 SoftBank Group International 
 
 Holding investment company 
 
 Managing Partner 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

SoftBank Global Advisers 
 
 Holding investment company 
 
 Member of the Executive Committee 
 
 Wilko Stark 
 
 Flender 
 
 Gears 
 
 Member of the supervisory board 

Schaltbau 
 
 Contactors railway 
 
 Member of the supervisory board 

AutoForm 
 
 Software 
 
 Member of the supervisory board 

ZKW 
 
 Headlights automotive 
 
 Member of the supervisory board 

Altech 
 
 Batteries 
 
 Member of the supervisory board 

Carlyle 
 
 Investment 
 
 Operating partner 

Bain 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Senior advisor 

(1) 
 Includes certain of its funds, other affiliates and portfolio companies. The following other potential conflicts of interest were also evaluated: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of the Business Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by March 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete the Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of the Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20-trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of the Business Combination. In case of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for professional services billed to us in 2022 and 2021 by Marcum LLP, or Marcum, our independent auditors: 

2022 

2021 

Fees Billed: 

Audit Fees 

155,015 

75,920 

Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 

155,015 

75,920 
 
 Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, review of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since its formation, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 
 LEVERE HOLDINGS CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 

F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 

F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 F-21

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Levere Holdings Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Levere Holdings Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from January 15, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, as a result of the Company being unable to raise additional funds to alleviate its liquidity needs and not being able to complete a business combination by March 23, 2023, the Company has redeemed all of its Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption. The liquidity condition and the subsequent redemption of all of its Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of the Company s assets, Class A Ordinary shares subject to redemption and liabilities that might result from the outcome of these matters. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 5, 2023 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

LEVERE HOLDINGS CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

Assets

Cash

Due from related party

Prepaid Expenses

Total current assets

Other assets

Marketable securities held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

Accrued offering costs and expenses

Convertible Promissory Note Related Party

Due to related party

Total current liabilities

Deferred legal fees

Deferred underwriting fee

Warrant liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value

Shareholders Deficit:

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1) 

Additional paid-in
 capital (2) 

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Deficit

() 

() 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit

(1)
 
 On January 19, 2021 an aggregate of founder shares were issued to Goggo Network Gmbh (the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of . Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor, depending on the extent to which the Underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On March 31, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units and forfeited the remainder of the option. As a result, none of the Class B ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture any longer. 

(2)
 
 On January 31, 2022 the Sponsor executed a settlement agreement in the amount of relating to Levere s IPO legal work. The Sponsor agreed to release Levere from all liability obligations associated with the settlement agreement. As a result, the full amount was recorded to additional paid in capital and was subsequently offset by accretion of trust earnings to Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption which depleted the balance in additional paid in capital. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 3

Table of Contents 

LEVERE HOLDINGS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year

 Ended

 December 31, 2022

For the

 Period from

 January 15, 2021

 (Inception)

 through

 December 31, 2021

Formation and operating costs

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account

Offering costs allocated to warrants

() 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Total other income, net

Net income

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4

Table of Contents 

LEVERE HOLDINGS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 15, 2021 

(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A

Class B

Additional Paid-in
 Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Total Shareholders Deficit

Ordinary shares

Ordinary shares

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance as of January 15, 2021 (inception)

Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor (1) 

Excess Private Placement proceeds received over initial fair value of Private Placement Warrants

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares by initial shareholders

() 

() 

Net income

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

() 

() 

() 
 
 Reissuance of forfeited Class B ordinary shares

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021

Expenses paid on behalf of the Company by the Sponsor (1) 

Net income

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022

(1)
 
 On January 31, 2022 the Sponsor executed a settlement agreement in the amount of relating to Levere s IPO legal work. The Sponsor agreed to release Levere from all liability obligations associated with the settlement agreement. As a result, the full amount was recorded to additional paid in capital. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5

Table of Contents 

LEVERE HOLDINGS CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the Period from January 15, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account

() 

() 
 
 Offering costs allocated to warrants

Change in fair value of warrant liability

() 

() 
 
 Expenses paid on behalf of the Company by the Sponsor

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Other assets

() 

() 
 
 Deferred legal fees

Accrued expenses

() 

Due to related party

() 

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants

Proceeds from promissory note related party

Payments of promissory note related party

() 
 
 Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party

Payment of offering costs

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash, beginning of period

Cash, end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Expenses paid on behalf of the Company by the Sponsor

Change in ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Deferred underwriting commissions payable charged to additional paid in capital

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6

Table of Contents 

LEVERE HOLDINGS CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class B ordinary shares it holds in the Company to Goggo Network Gmbh. Upon the transfer of shares, Goggo Network Gmbh became the new sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor ). 

 The registration statement for the Company s IPO was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on March 18, 2021. On March 23, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 2. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and 
 redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per whole share (each whole warrant, a Public Warrant ). 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the issuance and sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4 (the IPO Private Placement ). 

 On March 31, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of , incurred in cash underwriting fees. The underwriters forfeited the remainder of the option on May 2, 2021. 

 Simultaneously with the closing of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, we completed the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor, at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4, referred to herein as the Over-Allotment Private Placement, and together with the IPO Private Placement, the Private Placements. On March 31, 2021, our Sponsor surrendered Class B ordinary shares for cancellation in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on FormS-1(No.333-253105).

 The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statement effective on March 18, 2021. 
 We subsequently determined that, due to a clerical error in the calculation of the number of Class B ordinary shares to be surrendered to the Company in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor inadvertently surrendered Class B ordinary shares more than the Class B ordinary shares that were required to have been forfeited by it in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, referenced herein as the Clerical Error. Accordingly, on September 16, 2021, we issued Class B ordinary shares to our Sponsor, for no consideration, to correct the Clerical Error, such that the total number of Class B ordinary shares forfeited by our Sponsor, after giving effect to the correction of the Clerical Error, was Class B ordinary shares. 

 Transaction costs of the IPO and the over-allotment option amounted to consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, and of other offering costs of which were allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. 

per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and over-allotment, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule2a-7underthe Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as discussed below and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, provide that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (2) to the Public Shareholders (as defined below), until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elect to redeem, subject certain limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and (c) the redemption of the Company s Public Shares if the Company has not consummated its Business Combination within months from the closing of IPO (the Combination Period ), subject to applicable law. Public Shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Public Shareholders. 

 The Company will provide shareholders (the Public Shareholders of its Class A ordinary shares, par value , sold in the IPO, with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at aper-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares. The amount in the Trust Account is initially per Public Share. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the Underwriters. 

 If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at aper-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

 The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined below), (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares, (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame), and (iv) vote their Founder Shares and Public Shares in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

million in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately million or working capital of approximately million excluding the convertible promissory note payable. 

 The Company s liquidity needs up to March 23, 2021 had been satisfied through a capital contribution from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the Founder Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of up to (see Note 5). Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placements not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company with working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding under any working capital loan. 

Management has determined that they did not have enough cash to meet its obligations as they became due. Management incurred significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. 

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company had until March 23, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. The Company was not able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. On March 24, 2023, the Company has redeemed all of its Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and the subsequent redemption of all of its Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date that these financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to the carrying amounts and classification of the Company s assets, Class A Ordinary shares subject to redemption and liabilities that might result from this outcome of these matters. 

 Risks and Uncertainties 

Results of operations and the Company s ability to complete the Proposed Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond its control. The business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19
 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. The Company cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are 

t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, of which were allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to public warrants

() 
 
 Class A ordinary shares issuance cost

() 
 
 Add:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption at December 31, 2021

Add:

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption at December 31, 2022

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

 The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the period presented. Further we are not a U.S. corporation, we do not anticipate that redemptions, in connection with an initial business combination or otherwise, will be subject to the Excise Tax. 
 ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary share for the period presented. 

 The Company s statement of operations applies the two-class method
 in calculating net income per share. Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share for Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares is calculated by dividing net income attributable to the Company by the weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares outstanding, allocated proportionally to each class of shares. 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F-1 3

Table of Contents 
 Units, at a purchase price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . The Company granted the underwriters in the IPO (the Underwriters a 
 -day option to purchase up to 

 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 31, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of . Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, and one-third
 of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. 
 Public Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Public Warrants will become exercisable at per share days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Only a whole Warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. The Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than calendar days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, it will use commercially reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 

business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the Warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the Warrant Agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be requi-red to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is not effective by the 60 th
 day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, Warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any Warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised Warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any -tradingdays within a -tradingday
 period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 
 Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, as defined below; 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the -trading
 day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any -tradingdays within a -tradingday
 period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. 
 
 The fair market value of the Cla s A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the -tradingdays immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

 In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Public Warrants outstanding. 

 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise of the overallotment option, the Company completed the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, at a purchase price of per Private Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds of . A portion of the proceeds from the sales of Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

 The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of an initial Business Combination. 

 The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
 by the Company (except as described in Note 6) and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in the IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

F-1 5

Table of Contents 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares for , or approximately per share, paid to cover certain offering costs. On March 15, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Goggo Network GmbH, a German company limited by shares and Levere GG, pursuant to which the Levere GG transferred Class B ordinary shares it holds in the Company to Goggo Network Gmbh. Upon the transfer of shares, Goggo Network Gmbh became the new sponsor of the Company. Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor, depending on the extent to which the Underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On March 31, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units and forfeited the remainder of the option. 

 On March 31, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered to the Company for cancellation, Class B ordinary shares. Upon further evaluation, management determined that, due to a clerical error in the calculation of the number of Class B ordinary shares to be surrendered to the Company in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor inadvertently surrendered Class B ordinary shares more than the Class B ordinary shares that were required to have been forfeited by it in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option (the Clerical Error ). Accordingly, on September 16, 2021, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor, for no consideration, to correct the Clerical Error, such that the total number of Class B ordinary shares forfeited by the Sponsor, after giving effect to the correction of the Clerical Error, was Class B ordinary shares. 

 The Sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -tradingday period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ).Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Sponsor, directors and executive officers with respect to any Founder Shares. 

 Due from (to) Related Party 

Commencing on March 23, 2021, the Company agreed to reimburse the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space, secretarial administrative and other support services provided to members of the management team, in the amount of up to per month. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, it will cease paying these monthly fees. A total of has been accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 In addition, the Sponsor owed the Company as of December 31, 2021 for legal costs of the Sponsor that it paid. The Sponsor subsequently repaid this amount in February 2022. 

 Legal Settlement Agreement 

On January 31, 2022 the Sponsor executed a settlement agreement in the amount of relating to Levere s IPO legal work. The Sponsor agreed to release Levere from all liability obligations associated with the settlement agreement. As a result, the full amount was recorded to additional paid in capital. 

 Promissory Note Related Party 

On January 19, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest
 bearing and payable on the earlier of: (i) June 30, 2021 or (ii) the date of the consummation of the IPO. As of March 23, 2021, the Company had borrowed under the Note. On March 26, 2021, the Company paid the balance on the note in full.
 Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business 

of such Working Capital Loans may, at the option of the lender, be converted into Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, the Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor, its affiliates or any members of the management team as the Company does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in the Company s Trust Account. 

On May 13, 2022, the Company entered into a Working Capital Loan with the Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of (the Convertible Promissory Note ). The Convertible Promissory Note is n-interest
 bearing and payable on the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination or the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. If the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account to repay all or a portion of the Promissory Note; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. If the Company does not have enough funds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Promissory Note in full, the remaining unpaid balance will be forgiven by the Sponsor. Up to of the Convertible Promissory Note may be converted into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance under the Working Capital Loans amounted to an aggregate of . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 
 The Company assessed the provisions of the Convertible Promissory Note under ASC815, Derivatives and Hedging . The derivative component of the obligation is initially valued and classified as a derivative liability. 

Exercise price

Holding period

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

At December 31, 2022 and May 13, 2022, the Company determined that the conversion option liability had a fair value of . In accordance with this determination, no conversion option liability or debt discount was recorded as of December 31, 2022. 

Executive Compensation 

One of our independent directors earned an annual cash compensation of for their services as a director during December 31, 2021, which was paid in February 2022. During December 31, 2022, they earned annual cash compensation of for their services as director, which was paid in February 2023. 

days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)for any -trading
 days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares.
 Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted the Underwriters a -day
 option from March 23, 2021 to purchase up to an additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 31, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units and forfeited the remainder of the option. 
 On March 23, 2021, the Company paid an underwriting discount of , and on March 31, 2021, the Company paid an additional underwriting discount of for Units sold pursuant to the over-allotment option. Additionally, the Underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO and over-allotment, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the Underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

 preference shares at par value of each and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Company s board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares issued and outstanding, excluding shares which are subject to possible redemption and classified as temporary equity. 
 Class

B Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to for each Class B ordinary share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or as required applicable provisions of the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by its shareholders. 

 Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
 of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. 
 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination) prior to, at the time of, or after its initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on anas-converted-basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

Liabilities:

Public Warrants Liability

Private Placement Warrants Liability

The following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2021, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

Liabilities:

Public Warrants Liability

Private Placement Warrants Liability

The Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are
 presented within warrant liabilities on the balance sheets. The Warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of Warrant liabilities in the statements of operations. 
 The Company established the initial fair value of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants on March 23, 2021, the date of the Company s IPO, using a Monte Carlo simulation model. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company established the fair value of the Private Warrants using a Monto Carlo simulation model, and the fair value of the Public Warrants by reference to the quoted market price. The Public and Private Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date and the Private Warrants were classified as Level 3 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the use of unobservable inputs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Public Warrants were transferred to Level 1 due to the use of the quoted market price. 

Change in fair value of private warrants

() 

Fair Value at December 31, 2022

Fair Value at January 15, 2021 (inception)

Initial fair value of public and private warrants

Initial fair value of public and private warrants issued with over-allotment

Change in fair value of public and private warrants

() 
 
 Transfer of public warrants to Level 1

() 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021

Expected term remaining (years)

Expected volatility

Share price

F-2 0

Table of Contents 

(b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 3 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 3 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 1 
 
 10.1 
 
 Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 3 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 3 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the holders therein. 3 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and each director and officer of the Company and certain officers of an affiliate of the Sponsor and an advisor of the Sponsor. 3 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Mart n Varsavsky Waisman-Diamond. 3 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Yasmine Fage-Lana Andrea. 3 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Alex Clavel. 3 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Ingo Hueck. 3 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Matthieu Pigasse. 3 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and Bodo Uebber. 3 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 3 
 
 10.12+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated January 25, 2022, between the Company and Wilko Stark. 1 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note, dated May 13, 2022, between the Registrant and the Sponsor. 2 
 
 10.14+ 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated December 14, 2022, between the Company and Ulrich Hoernke. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

1 
 Previously filed as an exhibit on our Annual Report on Form 10-K on April 20, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

2 
 Previously filed as an exhibit on our Current Report on Form 8-K on May 19, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

3 
 Previously filed as an exhibit on our Current Report on Form 8-K on March 23, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

+ 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

Table of Contents 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 5, 2023 

Levere Holdings Corp. 

By 
 
 /s/ Ulrich Hoernke 

Ulrich Hoernke 

Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Martin Varsavsky 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 
 Martin Varsavsky 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Yasmine Fage 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 
 Yasmine Fage 

/s/ Ulrich Hoernke 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 
 Ulrich Hoernke 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Bodo Uebber 
 
 Director 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 
 Bodo Uebber 

/s/ Wilko Stark 
 
 Director 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 
 Wilko Stark 

/s/ Alex Clavel 
 
 Director 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 
 Alex Clavel 

/s/ Matthieu Pigasse 
 
 Director 
 
 April 5, 2023 
 
 Matthieu Pigasse 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 d453166dex1014.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10.14 

Exhibit 10.14 
 INDEMNITY AGREEMENT THIS
INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of December 14, 2022, by and between Levere Holdings Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company ), and Ulrich Hoernke Indemnitee ). WHEREAS , highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as
directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on
behalf of such corporations; WHEREAS , the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, in order to
attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. The amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to
applicable Cayman Islands law. The Articles provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the Board, officers and other
persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights; WHEREAS , the uncertainties relating to
such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons; WHEREAS , the Board has determined
that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company s shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such
protection in the future; WHEREAS , it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold
harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against
liabilities; WHEREAS , this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant
thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and WHEREAS , Indemnitee
may not be willing to serve as an officer or director without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of
the Company on the condition that he or she be so indemnified. NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained
herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of March 23, 2021, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 
 1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY In consideration of the
Company s covenants and obligations hereunder, Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected or
appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his or her resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director,
officer, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company beyond
any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any. 

2. DEFINITIONS As used in this Agreement: 
 (a) References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the
Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. 
 (b) The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof. (c) Delaware Court 
shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. (d) A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to
occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: (i) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party . Other than an
affiliate of Goggo Network GmbH (the Sponsor ), any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15 or more of the combined voting power of
the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in
the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in
Control under part (iii) of this definition; (ii) Change in Board of Directors . Individuals who, as of the date hereof,
constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date
hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 
 (iii) Corporate Transactions . The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and
entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51 of the combined voting power of the
then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all
or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of the Sponsor, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15 or more of the combined
voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority
of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; 
 (iv) Liquidation . The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of
agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than factoring the Company s current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the
Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or 

(v) Other Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to
be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.
 (e) Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager,
managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 
 (f) Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which
indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. (g) Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent
corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit
plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent. 
 (h) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (i) Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without
limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding
costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding, including reasonable compensation for time spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any
third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond,
or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 
 (j) References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan. 
 (k) References to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or
fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company 
as referred to in this Agreement. (l) Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant
experience in matters of corporate law and that neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters
concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to
determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. (m) The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections
13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or
of a Subsidiary of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary
holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares
of the Company. 

(n) The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a
civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a
director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or her or of any action (or failure to act) on his or her part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he or she
is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any
liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement. (o) The term
 Subsidiary , with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or
equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person. (p) The phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law shall include, but not be limited to: (a) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the provision of applicable Cayman Islands law that authorizes or contemplates additional indemnification by agreement, or the
corresponding provision of any amendment to or replacement of applicable Cayman Islands law, and (b) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of applicable Cayman Islands law adopted after the date of
this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors. 3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS
 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a
judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually, and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on
his or her behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case
of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in respect of any Expenses,
judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or
intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 
 4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY 
 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with such
Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for
Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that
any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration. 

5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, but subject to Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitee s
Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits
or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this
Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 
 6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, but subject to Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate
Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he or she shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all
Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith. 7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS
AND EXONERATION RIGHTS Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4 or 5, but subject to Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its
favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts
paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7 on account of Indemnitee s conduct which
constitutes a breach of Indemnitee s duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law. 
 8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY (a) To
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of
indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses,
in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee. 

(b) The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable
with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 
 (c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers,
directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance
policy of the Company covering Indemnitee. 9. EXCLUSIONS 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, but subject to Section 27, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any
indemnification, advance Expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: (a) for which payment has
actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other
indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise; (b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of
securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 
 (c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14(f) and (g) hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding
(or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. 
 10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM (a)
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, but subject to Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by
Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final
disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be made without regard to Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses
and without regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to
enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final
disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Company s receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be
indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication that Indemnitee was not so entitled to indemnification, any
advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnitee. This Section 10(a) shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to
Section 9, but shall apply to any Proceeding referenced in Section 9(b) prior to a final determination that Indemnitee is liable therefor. (b)
The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

(c) The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose
any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s prior written consent. 11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND
APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION (a) Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation,
subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding, claim, issue or matter therein which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The
failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise. 
 (b) Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such
application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitee s entitlement to
indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12(a) of this Agreement. 12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 
 (a) A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one
of the following methods, which shall be at the election of Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote
of such directors, (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or if such directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (iv) by vote of the
shareholders by ordinary resolution. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which
indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person,
persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not
privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by
Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to
indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. (b) In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent
Counsel pursuant to Section 12(a) hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12(b). The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by
the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel 
as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that
the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such
written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent
Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and
timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn
or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11(b) hereof, no Independent
Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of
Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under
Section 12(a) hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity
(subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 

(c) The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify
and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 
 13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS (a)
In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted
a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11(b) of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination
contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification
is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable
standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. (b) If the
person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of
the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement
by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or
all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if
the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto. 
 (c) The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere
or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he
or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 
 (d) For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action is based on the records
or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, manager, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the
Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director,
trustee, general partner, manager or managing member, by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner,
manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13(d) shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set
forth in this Agreement. 

(e) The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner,
manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 
 14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE (a) In the event that
(i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not
timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company
of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12(a) of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written
request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten
(10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made in accordance
with this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or
advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his or her option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration
Association. Except as set forth herein, the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration Association shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such
adjudication or award in arbitration. (b) In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be
prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. (c) In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee
shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advancement of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless,
exonerated and to receive advancement of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If
Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to
Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). (d) If a determination shall have been
made pursuant to Section 12(a) of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of
such indemnification under applicable law. (e) The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this
Agreement. (f) The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by
Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Company s receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any
judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee: (i) to enforce his or her rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution
agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is
determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

(g) Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts
which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or advances, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate or advance for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless,
exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company. 
 15. SECURITY Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, but subject to Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an
irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee. 
 16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION; PRIORITY OF OBLIGATIONS 
 (a) The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled
under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee
under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) or claim, issue or matter therein arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his
or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of
Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies the Indemnitee
to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 
 (b) The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to,
providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond Indemnification Arrangements on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or her or incurred by or on behalf of him or in such capacity as a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement and the Articles.
The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement. 
 (c) To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners,
managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their
terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managers, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any
source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the
insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such
Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

(d) In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to
enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relieve any insurer of its obligations. (e) The
Company s obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, but subject to Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage
among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Company s satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement
without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company. 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company is the primary indemnitor, and any indemnification or advancement obligation of the Sponsor or its
affiliates or members or any other Person is secondary. The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance provided by one or more Persons with whom or which
Indemnitee may be associated. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) any obligation of any other Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to indemnify Indemnitee and/or advance Expenses to Indemnitee in respect of
any proceeding shall be secondary to the obligations of the Company hereunder, (ii) the Company shall be required to indemnify Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to any
rights Indemnitee may have against any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or insurer of any such Person and (iii) the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee
may be associated from any claim of contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Company hereunder. 
 17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT All agreements and obligations
of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights
of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his or her Corporate Status, whether or not he or she is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is
incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement. 18. SEVERABILITY 
 If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity,
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed
reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each
portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent
manifested thereby. 

19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT 
 (a) The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce
Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company. 
 (b) Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 (c) The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon
and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise
at the Company s request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 
 (d) The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or
a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the
Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. (e) The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach
of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or
specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he or she may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be
entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company
acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction, and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted
by law. 20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER No supplement,
modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this
Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 21. NOTICES 
 All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if
delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) if mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on
which it is so mailed: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, or such other
address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company. (b) If to the Company, to: 
 Levere Holdings Corp. PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall 
 Cricket Square, Grand Cayman 
 KY1-1102, Cayman Islands 
 Attn: Chief Executive Officer With a copy, which shall not
constitute notice, to: Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale Dorr LLP 
 7 World Trade Center 250 Greenwich Street 
 New York, NY 10007 Attn: Glenn Pollner 
 or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company. 
 22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION This
Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration
commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court; and (d) waive, and agree
not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent permitted by law,
the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient
service thereof. 23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom
enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement. 24. MISCELLANEOUS 
 The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect
the construction thereof. 25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS 
 No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee s spouse,
heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by
the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall
govern. 

26. ADDITIONAL ACTS 
 If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. 
 27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT Notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection
with the Company s initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the
Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the
Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates a Business Combination. 
 28. MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE The Company shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to
provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Company s performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such
policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in
such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Company s directors and officers. 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed as of the day and
year first above written. 

LEVERE HOLDINGS CORP. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mart n Varsavsky Waisman-Diamond 

Name: Mart n Varsavsky Waisman-Diamond 
 Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

INDEMNITEE 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ulrich Hoernke 

Name: Ulrich Hoernke Address:
[ ] 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d453166dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Martin Varsavsky, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Levere Holdings
Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 5, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Martin Varsavsky 

Martin Varsavsky 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d453166dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ulrich Hoernke, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Levere Holdings
Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 5, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ulrich Hoernke 

Ulrich Hoernke 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d453166dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Levere Holdings Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period
ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: April 5, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Martin Varsavsky 

Martin Varsavsky 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d453166dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Levere Holdings Corp. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period
ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date: April 5, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ulrich Hoernke 

Ulrich Hoernke 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lvra-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lvra-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lvra-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lvra-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

