<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1144546_0001683168-23-002419.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4007361</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87812</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1080789</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>823929</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>873202</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1058175</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002419.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417074806
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002419
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HFactor, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001144546
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				582634747
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33467
		FILM NUMBER:		23822830

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 MADISON AVE, #1249
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516.647.5171

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 MADISON AVE, #1249
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FICAAR, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OWNERTEL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010711

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002419.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 hfactor_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______________
to __________ 

Commission file number : 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

_______________________________________ 

 (Former name or former address, if changed since
last report). 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered/ 

OTC Markets: PINK 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Stock 

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in
the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on March 30, 2023,
was . 

As of March 30, 2023, the Registrant had issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. 

HFactor, Inc. 

 FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 4 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 4 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 4 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 5 
 
 Item 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 5 
 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 6 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 9 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 10 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 11 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 11 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 11 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 11 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 12 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 14 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 15 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 15 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 15 
 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 17 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the accompanying
Financial Statements and Notes to Financial Statements contain forward-looking statements that discuss, among other things, future expectations
and projections regarding future developments, operations and financial conditions. All forward-looking statements are based on management s
existing beliefs about present and future events outside of management s control and on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect.
Words such as expects , intends , anticipates , believes , estimates ,
 assumes , projects and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. You should
not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this Annual Report on Form
10-K, including those described under Risk Factors . These statements are based on information currently available, and we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement as circumstances change. 

When this report uses the words we, 
 us, our, HFactor , or the Company, they refer to HFactor, Inc. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Company Overview and Plan of Operation 

HFactor, Inc. HFactor , Ficaar ,
the Company , we , us was incorporated in July 2001 in the State of Georgia under the name OwnerTel,
Inc. The name of the Company was changed to Ficaar, Inc. in December of 2007. Effective November 8, 2021, the Company's name was changed
to HFactor, Inc. 

In August 2012, certain shareholders of the Company
representing a majority of the issued and outstanding stock of the Company entered into an agreement and consummated such agreement with
Sneaker Charmz, Inc. Sneaker Charmz ), a Delaware corporation, whereby 72,020,000 shares of common stock were assigned
by the Shareholders to Sneaker Charmz. Thereafter, Sneaker Charmz, and David Cicalese consummated a transaction where the shares of
common stock owned by Sneaker Charmz were transferred and assigned to Mr. Cicalese, and Mr. Cicalese's ownership of Sneaker Charmz
to the Company. Thus, Sneaker Charmz became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and Mr. Cicalese owned 85 of the total issued and
outstanding common stock of the Company. 

In January 2014, Mr. Cicalese, President, a member
of the Board of Directors, and the majority shareholder of the Company, contributed 100 shares, representing all of the issued and outstanding
equity of Precious Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, to the Company. Thus, Precious Holdings, Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

On November 16, 2014, in exchange for 110,000
shares of our common stock, we acquired 100 of the outstanding common stock of Standard Canna, Inc. Standard ), a Florida
corporation, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Standard Cultivation Systems, Inc., a Colorado corporation, and Standard Property Group,
Inc., a California corporation. This acquisition was pursuant to a Transfer Agreement by and among the Company and Jonas Zetzel, sole
shareholder of Standard. 

On July 28, 2015, the Company transferred its
ownership in Sneaker Charmz to David Cicalese, our sole officer and director and majority shareholder, in exchange for 42,000,000 shares
of our common stock, which reduced Mr. Cicalese's share ownership of the Company to 30,020,000 shares of Company Common Stock. In July
2015, the Board of Directors and shareholders representing a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company appointed
Dawn Cames as President of the Company and a member of its Board of Directors. In connection with Ms. Cames appointment, she was issued
1,300,000 shares of Company common stock. 

On May 28, 2021, David Cicalese entered into an
agreement with Gail Levy whereby Cicalese agreed to sell 29,900,000 shares, representing a majority interest in the Company, to Levy. Acting as the
majority shareholder of the Company, Levy then caused to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement between the Company, FCAA Merger Sub I, Inc. Merger Sub ), a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and HyEdge,
Inc. Target or HyEdge ), a Delaware corporation, wherein Merger Sub and Target would merge, with Target surviving
the transaction as a wholly owned subsidiary of (the Merger ). The Merger Agreement was executed on August 6, 2021, and the
Merger closed on August 9, 2021. The Merger effected a change in control and was accounted for as a reverse acquisition whereby
Target is the accounting acquiror for financial statement purposes. Accordingly, for all periods subsequent to the Closing Date, the financial
statements of the Company reflect the historical financial statements of HyEdge and any operations of the Company subsequent to the Merger. 

Immediately following the Merger, the business
of HyEdge became our business. 

1 

Overview 

The Company operates primarily through HyEdge,
its wholly owned subsidiary. HyEdge was created by Gail Levy, HyEdge's founder and CEO. Gail is a successful serial entrepreneur who was
looking for a new product that could alleviate the toxic side effects of the cancer chemotherapeutic drugs that had riddled a dear friend.
As she researched the properties of hydrogen water, she became more and more enthralled by its potential. 

Ms. Levy felt she could honor her friend by making
hydrogen water immaculate, effective, and accessible to everyone. Enlivened by this mission, she collected a team of experts to help her
engineer a natural process to combine hydrogen with water with zero impurities and optimal impact. In 2017, she launched her flagship
product through retail and ecommerce channels. 

HFactor was developed and is manufactured by a
team of experts in the U.S. and utilizes a patented chemical-free and magnesium-free process to infuse free hydrogen into its water. Its
award winning, environmentally friendly ergonomic pouch keeps the hydrogen potent and pure and makes it extremely portable. 

HFactor's anti-inflammatory and antioxidant
benefits appeal to a wide population across every age group, positioning HFactor to capture a significant share in an expanding
market. The global market for bottled water is projected to reach 215B by 2025. HFactor has demonstrated significant market
traction, with 2.87M sales in 2020, 30M+ followers across Social Media channels. 

The quality of our product is achieved through
a proprietary manufacturing process. A reverse osmosis filtering system and patent-protected infusion process ensures efficacy, purity,
and taste. The efficacy of hydrogen water is backed by over 1,000 published studies demonstrating that hydrogen positively impacts fitness,
health, lifestyle, recovery, and wellness. 

Our sales strategy involves a diversified, multi-channel
approach. Our products are currently on shelves in approximately 5,000+ retail stores across 20 chains in addition to our growing e-commerce
presence. Our company prides itself on having a low carbon footprint, primarily due to our eco-conscious packaging. 

Mission Statement 

To build a brand and corporate culture that, at
its essence, exhibits strength in oneself and in one's community. We promote a foundation of doing well by doing good . This
foundation enables HFactor to produce and distribute the highest quality better for you consumer products that are conscious
to the community, mind, body, and the environment. 

The Worldwide Health and Fitness Movement 

Consumers are looking for a go-to hydration
option that provides additional functional benefits without sugar or caffeine. The worldwide health and fitness movement is just
beginning. More and more people are realizing the importance of what you put in your body and how you maintain it. On a greater
scale, consumers are looking for brands that have removed artificial ingredients. This has led to a recent increase in contracts
from major retailers and distributors in the US that should result in a significant increase to the Company's retail presence
throughout 2022 and 2023. 

Maintaining Relevance in a Digital World 

HFactor has found success by establishing beneficial
relationships with target-aligned influencers and sponsoring a multitude of events and activities. We have built organic relationships
with athletes and influencers in the fitness space to drive awareness, education, and ecommerce. To solidify HFactor in the fitness space,
we have had a strong presence at many sports and fitness events as participating sponsor, driving product trial and education. We expect
that as we continue to cultivate these relationships, brand awareness will increase, and we will be able to capture a significant share
in an expanding market. 

2 

The Benefits of Hydrogen Infused Water 

Water already has Hydrogen, as in H 2 O,
but when those two hydrogen atoms are bound to oxygen, they are not available for any other interactions. When we infuse hydrogen gas
into water, active hydrogen molecules are free and accessible to our body. Small and soluble, molecular hydrogen can quickly circulate
and speed straight into the power centers of our cells. This interaction has been shown to increase athletic performance, reduce inflammation
from exercise, and increase powerful antioxidants in our body. Our Reverse Osmosis filtering system ensures the purity and taste of our
water, and our patented infusion process allows us to deliver PURE hydrogen and PURE water, and nothing else. 

Our Products 

The pouch. The pouch is unique, convenient
to hold and carry, and plays a significant role in helping you reap all the benefits Hydrogen has to offer. The eco-conscious award-winning
design and material was created in an effort to contain the additional Hydrogen in the water. When you add hydrogen to water, it tries
to and usually does escape quite easily through more traditional materials such as plastic or glass Our pouch keeps the extra Hydrogen
molecules contained and does so with a lower carbon footprint. 

The can . Slim, sleek, and eye-catching, the HFactor cans are
finished with a shiny white color so the blues and text information stand out on the shelf. Functionally, the aluminum material of the
can is also very effective at containing extra Hydrogen molecules. HFactor was the pioneer in delivering still water in a recyclable aluminum
can. 

More Flavors.More Choices . While continuing
meeting the demand for flavored hydrogen water with our existing portfolio-Watermelon, Honeydew and Tart Cherry, we launched a new flavor
of Blackbeary and discontinued Blood Orange in 2022 to better serve our loyal customers with their preferred flavors. While utilizing
natural flavors with no sugar or calories, these options offer consumers a great-tasting beverage that still provides the health benefits
of our standard hydrogen-infused water. 

3 

Our Business Plan 

HFactor's demonstrated efficacy, innovative packaging,
and low carbon footprint has propelled traction since our launch in May 2017. Demand for multi-purpose functional beverages and a strong
multi-channel sales strategy is driving HFactor's national reach. HFactor is a leader in the newly defined category of Functional Beverages
and is well positioned as a business to maintain its competitive advantage in a new and growing space. 

Our business plan focuses on four key areas: (1)
regional focus; (2) retailer focus; (3) driving volume; and (4) controlling spending. We plan to focus on key regions of the US where
our market traction is already established, including the Northeast, West Coast, Texas, and Florida. We also plan to aggressively cultivate
the relationships we have with large retailers, including Walmart, Sprouts, Albertsons, Stop Shop, and others. As we work towards
these goals, we will strive to drive volume without losing sight of profitability as our main goal. We believe that as we focus on these
four areas at once, we will be able to achieve sustained growth of the Company without compromising our profitability or the results of
our operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company ,
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and therefore are not required to provide the information specified in Item 1A. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, HFactor
leadership and sales teams work remotely. Our manufacturing is maintained in Michigan City, Indiana and distribution is facilitated by
a host of partner 3PL service providers. Leadership has successfully implemented effective and efficient communication and management
processes that has established a remote structure that will be in place indefinitely. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not presently a party to any legal or regulatory
proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

4 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is traded on the Pink Tier of the OTC Markets Group
under the symbol HWTR . 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 49,766,164 shares of Common Stock
outstanding held by 196 holders of record. 

Dividends 

The Company does not expect to declare dividends
for holders of Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Dividends will be declared, if at all (and subject to rights of holders of additional
classes of securities, if any), in the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors. Dividends, if ever declared, may be paid in cash,
in property, or in shares of the capital stock of the Company, subject to the provisions of law, the Company's Bylaws and the Certificate
of Incorporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Company available for dividends such
sums as the Board of Directors, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve for working capital, to meet contingencies, for
equalizing dividends, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Company, or for such other purposes as the Board of Directors shall
deem in the best interests of the Company. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We did not have any sales of unregistered equity securities during
the year ended December 31, 2022 other than those that have been previously reported. 

Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

5 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the section entitled Selected Financial Data 
and our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Registration Statement. Some of the information contained in
this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Registration Statement, including information with respect to our plans and
strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those described below. 

We define our accounting periods as follows: fiscal
2022 January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

This Management s Discussion
and Analysis MD A reports on the operating results and financial condition of the Company for the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The MD A should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 Annual Financial Statements ). 

The MD A and Annual Financial
Statements have been prepared in accordance with general accepted principles in the United States of America GAAP ). 

All significant intercompany
balances and transactions were eliminated on consolidation. 

Company History and Summary 

HFactor, Inc., formerly known
as Ficaar, Inc. (the Company or HFactor or Ficaar was incorporated in July 2001 in the State
of Georgia under the name OwnerTel, Inc. The name of the Company was changed to Ficaar, Inc. in December of 2007 and to HFactor, Inc.
on September 2, 2021. 

The Company s fiscal
year end is December 31. 

On May 28, 2021, David Cicalese Cicalese ), an officer and Board member of Ficaar entered into an agreement with Gail Levy whereby Cicalese agreed to sell
29,900,000 shares, representing a majority interest in Ficaar, to Levy. Acting as the majority shareholder of the Company, Levy then caused
Ficaar to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement between the Company, FCAA Merger Sub I, Inc. Merger
Sub ), a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Ficaar, and HyEdge, Inc. Target or HyEdge ),
a Delaware corporation, wherein Merger Sub and Target would merge, with Target surviving the transaction as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Ficaar (the Merger ). The Merger Agreement was executed on August 6, 2021, and the Merger closed on August 9, 2021. The
Merger effected a change in control and was accounted for as a reverse acquisition whereby Target is the accounting acquiror
for financial statement purposes. Accordingly, for all periods subsequent to the Closing Date, the financial statements of the Company
reflect the historical financial statements of HyEdge and any operations of the Company subsequent to the Merger. 

Plan of Operations 

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION 

Immediately following the
Merger executed on August 6, 2021, the business of HyEdge became our business. HyEdge was created by Gail Levy, HyEdge's founder and CEO.
Gail is a successful serial entrepreneur who was looking for a new product that could alleviate the toxic side effects of the cancer chemotherapeutic
drugs that had riddled a dear friend. As she researched the properties of hydrogen water, she became more and more enthralled by its potential.
Ms. Levy felt she could honor her friend by making hydrogen water immaculate, effective, and accessible to everyone. Enlivened by this
mission, she collected a team of experts to help her engineer a natural process to combine hydrogen with water with zero impurities and
optimal impact. In 2017, she launched her flagship product through retail and ecommerce channels. HFactor was developed and is manufactured
by a team of experts in the U.S. and utilizes a patented chemical-free and magnesium-free process to infuse free hydrogen into its water.
Its award winning, environmentally friendly ergonomic pouch keeps the hydrogen potent and pure and makes it extremely portable. 

6 

HFactor's
anti-inflammatory and antioxidant benefits appeal to a wide population across every age group, positioning HFactor to capture a significant
share in an expanding market. The global market for bottled water is projected to reach 215B by 2025. HFactor has demonstrated significant
market traction, with 2.87M sales in 2020, 30M+ followers across Social Media channels. 

The
quality of our product is achieved through a proprietary manufacturing process. A reverse osmosis filtering system and patent-protected
infusion process ensures efficacy, purity, and taste. The efficacy of hydrogen water is backed by over 1,000 published peer reviewed
studies demonstrating that hydrogen positively impacts fitness, health, lifestyle, recovery, and wellness. 

Our
sales strategy involves a diversified, multi-channel approach. Our products are currently on shelves in approximately 5,000+ retail stores
across 20 chains in addition to our growing e-commerce presence. Our company prides itself on having a low carbon footprint due to our
eco-conscious packaging. 

Our
mission statement is to build a brand and corporate culture that, at its essence, exhibits strength in oneself and in one's community.
We promote a foundation of doing well by doing good . This foundation enables HFactor to produce and distribute
the highest quality better for you consumer products that are conscious to the community, mind, body, and the environment. 

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2022
to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Results of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 Percent 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 
 1,886,666 
 751,773 
 1,134,893 
 151 
 
 Gross profit 
 985,044 
 331,573 
 653,471 
 197 
 
 Operating expenses 
 2,876,482 
 1,119,227 
 1,757,255 
 157 
 
 Other expenses 
 530,055 
 805,038 
 (274,983 
 (34 
 
 Net loss 
 (2,421,493 
 (1,592,693 
 (828,800 
 52 

Net revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2022 were 1,886,666, as compared to 751,773 for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to partial inclusion of the
HyEdge revenue in 2021 as a result of the merger of this company. 

Gross profits for the year
ended December 31, 2022 were 985,044, as compared to 331,573 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Total operating expenses were
 2,876,482 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,119,227 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 157 increase was primarily
attributable to the additional operating expenses, compared to the partial inclusion of the operation expenses of HyEdge in 2021 as the
result of the merger. This increase is specifically reflected in 1,143,096 in sales and marketing expenses and 465,698 in general and
administrative expenses. 

Other expenses were 530,055
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 805,038 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to 300,203
in change in amortization of debt discount and derivative expenses associated with embedded liabilities in convertible debt. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company reported a net loss of 2,421,493, as compared to a net loss of 1,592,693 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The 828,800 increase in net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 mainly arose from the additional net loss resulting from the merger
of HyEdge. 

7 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had 148,055 in cash to fund its operations. The Company reported working capital deficit of 5,260,943 on December 31, 2022, as compared
to a working capital deficit of 4,695,836 on December 31, 2021, representing a increase in working capital deficit by 565,107. 

The Company does not believe
its current cash balance will be sufficient to allow the Company to fund its planned operating activities for the next twelve months.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses
until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations or substantially
curtail some of its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets
and classification of liabilities should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

As the Company continues to
incur losses, achieving profitability is dependent on achieving a level of revenues adequate to support the Company's cost structure.
The Company may never achieve profitability, and unless and until it does, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital.
Management intends to fund future operations through additional private or public equity offerings and may seek additional capital through
arrangements with strategic partners from other sources. There can be no assurances, however, that additional funding will be available
on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. Any equity financing may be dilutive to existing shareholders. 

Operating Activities: 

 For the year ended December 31,
2022, net cash flow used by operating activities was 1,763,799, compared to 826,956 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increases
in cash flow used for operating activities for both periods were primarily due to increases in operating expenditure. 

Investing and Financing Activities: 

Net cash flows provided by
investing and financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 1,661,000, of which 1,420,000 was from sales of common
stock shares and 241,000 in proceeds from borrowings, compared to 1,077,810 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resource Measures: 

The Company s primary
source of liquidity has been convertible loans and third party and related party loans. 

Going Concern 

The Company has experienced
a net loss and had an accumulated deficit of 4,195,601 as of December 31, 2022. The success of our business plan during the next 12
months and beyond will be contingent upon generating sufficient revenue to cover our costs of operations and/or upon obtaining additional
financing. 

Transaction with Related Parties: 

Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control or exercise
significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Refer to Note 13 for details
of transactions between the Company and related parties. 

8 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Refer
to Note 2 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of recently adopted and recently issued accounting standards and their
related effects or anticipated effects on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, revenue or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditure or capital resources. 

Inflation and Changing Prices 

We do not believe that inflation nor changing
prices for the year ended December 31, 2022 had a material effect on our operations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company , as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and therefore are not required to provide the information specified in Item
7A. 

9 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

10 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of HFactor Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of HFactor Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and the related statement of income, stockholders equity, and
cash flow, for the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have nor were we engaged to
perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
not established a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient
working capital and cash resources to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to
the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

April 13, 2023 

 Bolko Company 

 Certified Public Accountant 

F- 1 

HFACTOR, INC. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Fixed Assets, net of accumulated depreciation 

Intangible Asset, net of accumulated amortization 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued Interest 

Current portion of notes payable-third party, net of debt discount 

Notes payable and other payables-related party 

Derivative liabilities 

Warrant liability, net of unamortized discount 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-Term Liabilities 

Government loans payable 

Note payable - Related party 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Preferred stock , par value shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as follows: 

Series C voting, convertible Preferred stock, 
 par value 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Series D non-voting, convertible Preferred stock, 
 par value 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock ,
 
 par value shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock subscribed, 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

HFACTOR, INC. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year
 Ended 
 Year
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 

Sales, net 

TOTAL REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Manufacturing expenses 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (income) expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Derivative (income) expense 

Change in FMV of derivatives 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Other income 

Total Other (income) expense 

Net Loss 

Net Loss per common shares outstanding- Basic and diluted: 

Net Loss per share attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HFACTOR, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit 

Series C 
 Series D 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common stock 
 Subscribed 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Merger of HyEdge, Inc. 

Sale of common shares 

Cancellation of shares 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Sale of common shares 

Issuance of preferred and common subscribed shares 

Cancellation of shares 

Cancellation of warrants in exchange for preferred stock 

Shares issued for purchase of Intellectual Property 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HFACTOR, INC. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year
 Ended 
 Year
 Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount on convertible notes 

Derivative expense (income) 

Change in fair market value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Other income 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

NET CASH (USED) IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Equipment purchase 

NET CASH (USED) IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Sales of common stock 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from Loans Payable, related Party 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning 

Cash and cash equivalents - Ending 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS: 

Common stock and Preferred stock issued in merger in exchange for net assets of HyEdge, Inc. 

Preferred stock issued in exchange for cancellation of Warrant Liabilities, net of unamortized discount 

Common stock subscribed in exchange for assignment of Intellectual Property 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HFACTOR, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in cash to fund its operations. The Company does not believe its current cash balance will be sufficient to allow the Company to fund
its planned operating activities for the next twelve months. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on
the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. These principal factors raise substantial
doubt concerning the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management has financed the Company s operations principally
through government loans, third party loans and from related parties. 

It is the Company s intent to continue to
raise funds in this manner and to raise funds through the sale of equity securities until the Company attains profitability. However,
management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. 

The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other
sources of financing and attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

and , respectively. 

t material. 

t material. 

. The cost of repairs and maintenance is charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures for property betterments
and renewals are capitalized. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset, cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from
the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in other income or expense. 

The Company will periodically evaluate whether
events and circumstances have occurred that may warrant revision of the estimated useful lives of fixed assets or whether the remaining
balance of fixed assets should be evaluated for possible impairment. The Company uses an estimate of the related undiscounted cash
flows over the remaining life of the fixed assets in measuring their recoverability. 

shares of Company Common stock. The acquired intellectual property was valued
at 1.00 per share for total valuation of and is being amortized over years on a straight-line basis. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

t incurred any research
and development for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Level 1 Quoted market prices for
identical assets or liabilities in active markets or observable inputs; 

Level 2 Significant other observable
inputs that can be corroborated by observable market data; and 

Level 3 Significant unobservable
inputs that cannot be corroborated by observable market data. 

The carrying amounts of cash, loan receivable,
accounts payable and other liabilities, and accrued interest payable approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these
items. 

The fair value of the Company s debt approximated
the carrying value of the Company's debt as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Factors that the Company considered when estimating
the fair value of its debt included market conditions, liquidity levels in the private placement market, variability in pricing from multiple
lenders and term of debt. 

The FASB recently issued
ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470- 20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity, to reduce complexity
in applying GAAP to certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. The guidance in ASU 2020-06 simplifies
the accounting for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock by removing the existing guidance in ASC 470-20, Debt:
Debt with Conversion and Other Options, which requires entities to account for beneficial conversion features and cash conversion features
in equity, separately from the host convertible debt or preferred stock. The guidance in ASC 470-20 applies to convertible instruments
for which the embedded conversion features are not required to be bifurcated from the host contract and accounted for as derivatives.
In addition, the amendments revise the scope exception from derivative accounting in ASC 815-40 for freestanding financial instruments
and embedded features that are both indexed to the issuer s own stock and classified in stockholders equity, by removing
certain criteria required for equity classification. These amendments are expected to result in more freestanding financial instruments
qualifying for equity classification (and, therefore, not accounted for as derivatives), as well as fewer embedded features requiring
separate accounting from the host contract. The amendments in ASU 2020-06 further revise the guidance in ASC 260, Earnings Per Share,
to require entities to calculate diluted earnings per share (EPS) for convertible instruments by using the if-converted method. In addition,
entities must presume share settlement for purposes of calculating diluted EPS when an instrument may be settled in cash or shares. The
amendments in ASU 2020-06 are effective for public entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted
(for emerging growth company beginning after December 15, 2023). The Company will be evaluating the impact this standard
will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Update ASU 2021-10- Government Assistance
(Topic 832) 

In
November 2021, the FASB issued guidance which requires business entities to disclose information about certain government assistance they
receive. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities within their scope for financial statements issued for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2021. Early application of the amendments is permitted. An entity should apply the amendments in this Update
either (1) prospectively to all transactions within the scope of the amendments that are reflected in financial statements at the date
of initial application and new transactions that are entered into after the date of initial application or (2) retrospectively to those
transactions. We do not expect adoption of this standard to result in additional disclosures within our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Construction in progress 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Fixed assets net 

Depreciation expenses for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022, primarily represent payables to vendors for raw materials amounting to , consulting and
construction services amounting to , and outstanding and accrued professional fees amounting to . 

Accounts payable amounting
to as of December 31, 2021, primarily represents payables to vendors for raw materials amounting to , consulting
and construction services amounting to , interest on promissory notes and loans amounting to , and outstanding and accrued
professional fees amounting to . 

under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ).
The PPP is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ). The loan is unsecured. The interest
rate of the loan is per annum and accrues on the unpaid principal balance computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed
in a year of 360 days. Commencing six months after the effective date of the PPP Note, the Company is required to pay the Lender equal
monthly payments of principal and interest of .87, beginning (13) months from the month this Note is dated as required to fully
amortize any unforgiven principal balance of the loan by the two-year anniversary of the effective date of the PPP Note (the Maturity
Date ). The Maturity Date can be extended to five years if mutually agreed upon by both the Lender and the Company. Under the terms
of the CARES Act, PPP loan recipients can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of the loan granted under the PPP.
Such forgiveness will be determined, subject to limitations, based on the use of loan proceeds for payment of payroll costs and any payments
of mortgage interest, rent, and utilities. Recent modifications to the PPP by the U.S. Treasury and Congress have extended the time period
for loan forgiveness beyond the original eight-week period, making it possible for the Company to apply for forgiveness of its PPP loan.
On April 7, 2021, the Company received Notice and Approval for forgiveness of payment of and in interest of this Note
and, accordingly reflected as a Gain on Forgiveness of Debt in the accompanying financial statements. 

Economic Injury Disaster Loan 

On June 2, 2020, the Company executed a
secured loan with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program in the amount of
 .
The loan is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company and payable over 30 years at an interest rate of 
 per annum. Installment payments, including principal and interest, totaling 
monthly, will begin thirty (30) months from the date of the Note, with the first payments applied to accumulated accrued interest.
As part of the loan, the Company also received an advance of 
from the SBA. While the SBA refers to this program as an advance, it was written into law as a grant. This means that the amount
given through this program does not need to be repaid. 

Future maturities of government debt are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total Principal Payments 

per annum, convertible into common shares at the lesser of: (i) a 50 discount to market price for the Company s stock or (ii)
 
 per share. Matures on . (Currently in default) 

convertible promissory notes with interest at 
 per annum, convertible into common shares at any time after 180 days at 30 discount to the lowest daily VWAP during the 10-day
 period immediately preceding conversion. Matures on , net of unamortized discount of - -
 at December 31, 2022. (A) (D) (Currently in default) 

convertible promissory notes with interest at 
 per annum, convertible into common shares at any time after 180 days at 30 discount to the lowest daily VWAP during the 10-day
 period immediately preceding conversion. Matures on .2, net of unamortized discount of - -
 at December 31, 2022. (B) (D) (Currently in default) 

convertible promissory notes with interest at 
 per annum, convertible into common shares at any time after 180 days at 30 discount to the lowest daily VWAP during the 10-day
 period immediately preceding conversion. Matures on , net of unamortized discount of - -
 at December 31, 2022. (C) (D) (Currently in default) 

Unsecured promissory note for finder s fee due with interest at 
 per annum, with monthly payments of .
 Matures , or the earlier of the Company aggregate proceeds exceeding 1,000,000 from the sale of equity securities. (Currently in default) 

Total Notes Payable-Third Parties 

(A) Includes a warrant for the right to purchase
an additional shares of Company Common Stock, subject to adjustments for anti-dilution. Each Warrant is exercisable for a period
of five years from the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of per share. The exercise price is also subject to adjustment
due to certain events, including stock dividends, stock splits and recapitalizations. In the event the Company files a registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Maturity Date shall be the earlier of (i) May 27, 2022; or (ii) the date on which the
Company has raised at least 1,250,000 under a registration statement. Interest is payable at the Maturity Date. 

(B) Includes a warrant for the right to purchase
an additional shares of Company Common Stock, subject to adjustments for anti-dilution. Each Warrant is exercisable for a period
of five years from the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of per share. The exercise price is also subject to adjustment
due to certain events, including stock dividends, stock splits and recapitalizations. In the event the Company files a registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Maturity Date shall be the earlier of (i) July 22, 2022; or (ii) the date on which the
Company has raised at least 1,500,000 under a registration statement. Interest is payable at the Maturity Date. 

(C) Includes a warrant for the right to purchase
an additional shares of Company Common Stock, subject to adjustments for anti-dilution. Each Warrant is exercisable for a period
of five years from the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of per share. The exercise price is also subject to adjustment
due to certain events, including stock dividends, stock splits and recapitalizations. In the event the Company files a registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Maturity Date shall be the earlier of (i) October 4, 2022; or (ii) the date on which
the Company has raised at least 1,500,000 under a registration statement. Interest is payable at the Maturity Date 

(D) On December 3, 2021, the Company entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement with Boot Capital LLC Boot ), lender for the three notes of (A), (B) and (C), whereby Boot agreed
to retire all of its outstanding warrants (850,000 in total) in exchange for 200 shares of Series D Preferred stock. The Preferred stock
shares were issued on March 29, 2022. Accordingly, the Warrant liability of as of December 31, 2021 was written-off during the
period ended June 30, 2022. 

In accordance with ASC 470-20 Debt
with Conversion and Other Options , the Company allocated - - and of the derivative liability as discounts against
the convertible notes for the period ended December 31,2022 and year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The discounts are being amortized
to interest expense over the term of the notes using the straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method. The Company
recorded and of interest expense pursuant to the amortization
of the note discounts during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Secured Promissory Note LK, dated September 30, 2019 Note accrues interest at 10 per annum, due and payable on July 1, 2022 (Currently in default) (A) 

Secured Promissory Note C Lemen, dated July 23, 2020. Note accrues interest at 10 per annum, due and payable on July 1, 2022 (Currently in default) (A)(B) 

Unsecured Promissory Note DC, dated September 30, 2012. Note accrues interest at 7 per annum, due and payable on June 30, 2022 (Currently in default) 

Total Notes Payable-Related Party 

(A) 

(B) 

and , respectively. The assets or liability s fair value measurement
within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The following table
provides a summary of the assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

December 31, 2021 

The following table sets forth a summary of the
changes in the fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Aggregate fair value of conversion features upon issuance 

Fair value of derivatives reclassified to equity 

Net transfer into level 3 

Fair value of warrants netted against common stock issued for stock 

Change in fair value of conversion features 

Change in fair value of warrant and stock option derivative liabilities 

Ending balance 

Prior to the Merger, the Company ceased being
an operating company and became a shell company . Pursuant to the Merger, the Company acquired the business of Target to engage
in the business of the development, marketing, and sale of hydrogen-infused water and other consumer goods. 

As consideration for the merger, Target shareholders
exchanged 100 of Target Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement) totaling 44,136,473 fully diluted shares into shares of Company Common
Stock at a conversion rate of As a result, an aggregate of 30,895,530 shares of the company s Common Stock, 1,000,000 shares
of Series C Preferred Stock and 3,054 shares of Series D Preferred Stock were to be issued to the shareholders of Target. As of December
31, 2021, there were of the planned Merger shares of common stock issued and the Series C and D Preferred shares issued. 

The end of report schedule presents unaudited
consolidate pro forma results of operations data as if the acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 2020. This information does not purport
to be indicative of the actual results that would have occurred if the acquisition had actually been completed on the date indicated,
not is it necessarily indicative of the future operating results or the financial position of the combined company. 

Changes to the Company's Officers and Directors 

Effective May 27, 2021, the Company s Board
of Directors appointed Gail Levy as Chief Executive Officer of FICAAR, Inc. On June 1, 2021, in conjunction with the aforementioned change
in control, David Cicalese resigned as Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors. On June 9, 2021, a majority of Company shareholders
elected Gail Levy as Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors. These changes were reported on the Company's form 8-K that was filed
on June 10, 2021. 

In conjunction with the Merger, Dawn Cames resigned
as President, James C. Sanborn was appointed as COO and as a member of the Board of Directors, and Leonard Klingbaum was appointed as
a member of the Board of Directors. 

On July 22, 2022, the Company entered into a
Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Bear Face Capital LLC Bear Face and Concorde Consulting Corp Concorde for an influx of capital. In accordance with the terms of the MOU, the following changes were implemented: (i) Gail Levy resigned as
Chief Executive Officer and assumed the position of President for the Company, subject to a two (2) year Employment Contract, renewable
annually, at an annual salary of ; (ii) Dawn Cames, former officer for the predecessor company FICAAR ), was appointed
to serve as a Director and Chairman of the Board for the Company and was assigned one (1) share of Series C Preferred stock; (iii) Gail
Levy, James C. Sanborn, and Leonard Klingbaum resigned as members of the Board of Directors; (iv) James C. Sanborn resigned as COO; and
(v) Gail Levy and James C. Sanborn returned shares of Series C Preferred stock to the Company. 

To the best of the Company s knowledge and
belief, no material legal proceedings of merit are currently pending or threatened. 

Dispute: 

The Company is disputing the validity of a convertible
promissory note carried over from its merger in August 2021. Since it presently is not possible to determine the outcome of this matter,
the note is disclosed in Note 4 to the financial statements with a net balance of 121,369 until its ultimate resolution. 

Employment and Consulting Agreements: 

Gail Levy resigned as Chief Executive Officer
and assumed the position of President for the Company, subject to a two (2) year Employment Contract, renewable annually, at an annual
salary of . 

Rental: 

As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Company
management and employees have been working remotely and accordingly, incurring no rental expense during the years ended December 31 2022
and 2021. 

COVID-19 

In December 2019, a novel
strain of coronavirus COVID-19 was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and has since reached multiple other countries,
including the United States, resulting in government-imposed quarantines, travel restrictions and other public health safety measures
in affected countries. The various precautionary measures taken by many governmental authorities around the world in order to limit the
spread of COVID-19has had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on the global markets and its economy, including on the availability
and pricing of employees and resources, and other aspects of the global economy. Although the Company cannot predict the impact that the
COVID-19 pandemic will have on its business or results of operations in future periods, to date, the Company s core water product
applications have been able to support the increased demand the Company has experienced. On April 20, 2020, to help ensure adequate liquidity
in light of the uncertainties posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company entered into a promissory note with an aggregate principal
amount of (the Note in favor of Stone Bank, N.A., as lender (the Lender under the Small Business
Administration (the SBA Paycheck Protection Program under the recently enacted Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security
Act CARES Act ). On April 7, 2021, the Note was fully forgiven by the SBA and the Lender in compliance with the provisions
of the CARES Act (see Note 5). 

On March 11, 2020, the
World Health Organization declared the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak as a global health emergency. This resulted in governments worldwide
enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including the closure of certain non-essential businesses 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the pandemic did not have a material impact on the Company s operations. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not observe any material impairment of its assets or a significant change in the fair value of assets
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company has taken steps to minimize the potential impact of the pandemic including safety measures with
respect to personal protective equipment, the reduction in travel and the implementation of a virtual office including regular video conference
meetings and participation in virtual customer meetings and other virtual events. 

shares
of par value common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and shares, respectively,
of common stock issued and outstanding. 

On October 27, 2021 shares of Common
Stock of the Company held by the Company s Chief Executive Officer were returned to treasury and retired. 

On December 10, 2021 and December 15, 2021, the Company received total
proceeds of for the sale of common stock shares at per share. The December 15, 2021 sale of shares were
issued on January 3, 2022 and accordingly, recorded as common stock subscribed in the accompanying financial statements. 

On
November 12, 2021, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC issued a Notice of Qualification for the Company's
Form 1-A Offering Circular for an offering of the Company s Common Stock shares under Regulation A+ (the Offering of
the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act ). The purpose of the Offering is to allow both accredited and non-accredited potential
investors the opportunity to invest directly in the Company. The Offering has a minimum and maximum investment of 25,000 to at a price
of 1.00 per share. 

During the first quarter
of 2022, the Company received total proceeds of for the sale of common stock shares at per share. 

During the second quarter
of 2022, the Company received total proceeds of for the sale of common stock shares at per share. 

During the third quarter
of 2022, the Company received total proceeds of for the sale of common stock shares at per share. 

During the four quarter of 2022, the Company
received total proceeds of for the sale of common stock shares at per share. 

Preferred Stock : 

The Company has authorized 30,000,000 shares of
 par value preferred stock. 

On August 6, 2021, the Company amended its Articles
of Incorporation to include Certificates of Designation for two new classes of Preferred Stock Series C Preferred, authorized
 shares and, Series D Preferred, authorized shares. 

In connection with the Merger with HyEdge, on
September 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of Series C Convertible Preferred stock, non-dividend, with voting rights. Each
share of Series C Preferred stock is convertible into the number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the result of
(i) 1.5 times the number of Common shares issued and outstanding calculated on a fully diluted basis at the time of conversion, (ii) divided
by the total number of Series C Preferred shares issued and outstanding at the time of conversion. 

Additionally, the Company issued shares
of Series D Convertible Preferred stock, non-dividend, with no voting rights. Each share of Series D Preferred stock is convertible into
the number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to 0.01 of the number of Common shares issued and outstanding at the time
of conversion. 

On March 29,2022, shares of Series D Preferred
Stock were issued to an investor in connection with execution of a Leak-Out Agreement. 

On June 29, 2022, 
shares of Series D Preferred Stock were issued to an investor in connection with execution of a Leak-Out Agreements. 

On November 22, 2022, , and shares
of Series D Preferred Stock were issued to three investors in connection with execution of a Leak-Out Agreements. 

As of December 31, 2022, shares
of Preferred stock remain unissued. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively,
which begin to expire in . Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code limits the amount of NOL s available to offset future taxable
income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company has a net operating
loss carryforward of approximately 
million for federal and 
million for state tax purposes. The significant components of deferred income tax assets at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 were as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

The amount taken into
income as deferred income tax assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more-likely-than-not to be
realized from future operations. The Company has chosen to provide a full valuation allowance against all available income tax loss carry
forwards. The Company has recognized a valuation allowance for the deferred income tax asset since the Company cannot be assured that
it is more likely than not that such benefit will be utilized in future years. The valuation allowance is reviewed annually. When circumstances
change and which cause a change in management s judgment about the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the impact of the
change on the valuation allowance is generally reflected in current income. 

As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, the Company has recognized income tax benefits. The Company s policy for classifying interest and penalties
associated with unrecognized income tax benefits is to include such items as tax expense. interest or penalties have been recorded
during the period ended December 31, 2021 and year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company
did t have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. 

shares of Company Common stock. The acquired intellectual property was valued
at per share for total valuation of and is being amortized over years on a straight-line basis. 

During the third and fourth quarters of 2022,
the Company received funds, totaling , from Bear Face Capital LLC, one of the Company s shareholders, to facilitate particular
operating activities. These funds were classified as Other Payables as of December 31, 2022 due to their operational nature. 

F- 23 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We are a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and are a non-accelerated filer, and therefore are not required to provide the information
specified in Item 9A. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

[None] 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Below are the names of and certain information
regarding the Company's current executive officers and directors: 

Name 

Position 

Date of Appointment 
 
 Dawn Cames 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board 
 
 July 2022 
 
 Gail Levy 
 
 President 
 
 July 2021 

The following are brief biographies of the officers
and directors: 

Dawn Cames, 54, Director and Chairman of
the Board 

Dawn
Cames is an automotive executive with 32 years in the luxury automotive business. Since October 2022 Ms. Cames has taken on the role of
General Manager at Autosport Designs, Inc, a vintage and exotic Automotive Dealership with a worldwide clientele of automotive enthusiasts.
From 2007 to 2022, Ms. Cames served as General Manager for JLR Long Island. From 1992 to 2006, Ms. Cames was a Sales Manager for the Long
Island Automotive Group. Throughout her career, Ms. Cames has worked with her teams to drive common processes, business results and customer
loyalty. Her experience working with national marketing boards has helped Dawn launch new product lines in the very competitive automotive
market. 

Gail Levy, 67, President 

Gail Levy,
Founder and CEO of HFACTOR since 2014. Ms. Levy is a serial entrepreneur who has had success in traditional brick and mortar retail market
with industry leaders such as Home Depot, Lowes, Sears, and Kmart, among others. As an early adopter of eCommerce Ms. Levy created a design
and fulfillment company of home d cor, gifts, and outdoor lifestyle products that became resources for commercial giants such as
1-800 Flowers, FTD, Pro Flowers, Hallmark, and Garden.com. Ms. Levy then transferred her start-up prowess to designing fashion hard goods
for celebrity notables such as Martha Stewart, Katie Brown, Jaclyn Smith, and Christopher Lowell in the tabletop, home and office d cor,
and garden industries. Ms. Levy s work has been featured in numerous trade publications, as well as on Oprah, CBS, and NBC. 

Board of Directors 

Our board of directors currently consists of one
director, who is not independent as defined in Rule 4200 of FINRA's listing standards. We may appoint additional independent
directors to our board of directors in the future, particularly to serve on committees should they be established. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We may establish an audit committee, compensation
committee, a nominating and governance committee and other committees to our Board of Directors in the future but have not done so as
of the date of this Offering Circular. Until such committees are established, matters that would otherwise be addressed by such committees
will be acted upon by the Board of Directors. 

12 

Director Compensation 

The Company currently does not pay any cash compensation
to members of its board of directors for their services as directors of the Company. However, the Company reimburses its directors for
all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at meetings of the board of directors. The Company
may determine to grant to each new director, at the time of such director's appointment, an option to purchase its common shares. In the
future, the Company may also elect to offer directors cash compensation. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our Bylaws limit the liability of directors and
officers of the Company to the maximum extent permitted by Georgia law. The Bylaws state that the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless
each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such person is or was
a director or an officer of the Company or such director or officer is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
partner, member, manager, trustee, employee or agent of another company or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise. 

The Company believes that indemnification under
our Bylaws covers at least negligence and gross negligence on the part of indemnified parties. The Company also may secure insurance on
behalf of any officer, director, employee, or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in connection with their
services to us, regardless of whether our Bylaws permit such indemnification. 

The Company may also enter into separate indemnification
agreements with its directors and officers, in addition to the indemnification provided for in our Bylaws. These agreements, among other
things, may provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers for certain expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines
and settlement amounts incurred by a director or executive officer in any action or proceeding arising out of such person's services as
one of our directors or officers, or rendering services at our request, to any of its subsidiaries or any other company or enterprise.
We believe that these provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified people as directors and officers. 

There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving
any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is required or permitted, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation
or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. 

For additional information on indemnification
and limitations on the liability of our directors and officers, please review the Company's Bylaws, which are attached to this Offering
Circular. 

13 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth for the two years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the compensation awarded to, paid to, or earned by, the Company's Chief Executive Officer, President,
Secretary and Treasurer. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal Year 
ended December 31, 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock Awards( 
 
 Option Awards( 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 
 
 Gail Levy, 
 
 2022 
 
 120,000 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 120,000 
 
 President 
 
 2021 
 
 75,000 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 75,000 

Dawn Cames, 
 
 2022 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Director Chairman (1) 
 
 2021 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

(1) 
 Dawn Cames was appointed as a Director and Chairman of the Board July 22, 2022. 

14 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership
of our Stock as of the date of this report. 

Name and Position 
 Address 
 
 Class 
 
 Shares Owned 

Number 
 
 Percent 

Gail Levy, President 
 244 Madison Ave. #1249 
 New York, New York 10016 
 
 Common Stock 
Series D Preferred 
 
 11,076,400 
395 
 
 22.26 
9.083 

Dawn Cames, Director and Chairman of the Board 
 Huntington Station, New York 
 
 Common Stock 
 Series C Preferred 
 
 2,433,334 
 1 
 
 4.8 
 100 

Enlightened Access Capital LLC (Beneficial Owner) 
 New York, New York 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 2,513,022 
 
 5.05 

Divario Ventures LLC (Beneficial Owner) 
 Boise, Idaho 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,105,055 
 
 6.23 

Christopher Vingiano (Beneficial Owner) 
 Boynton Beach, Florida 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 6.02 

Nuno Beira (Beneficial Owner) 
 Davie, Florida 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,000,000 
 
 6.02 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

All related transactions have been reported in Part II Item 8 Financial
Statements. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 13,500 
 12,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

13,500 
 12,000 

15 

Audit Fees This category includes
the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services
that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years.
This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim
financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees This category
consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees
disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities and Exchange Commission, other accounting
consulting and other audit services. 

Tax Fees This category consists of professional services
rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under
this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

Policy for Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit
Services 

We have not established an audit committee. Our
board of directors approved the services rendered and fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Our board of directors policy is to pre-approve
all audit services and all non-audit services that our independent registered public accounting firm is permitted to perform for us under
applicable federal securities regulations. As permitted by the applicable regulations, our board of directors policy utilizes a
combination of specific pre-approval on a case-by-case basis of individual engagements of the independent registered public accounting
firm. 

All engagements of the independent registered
public accounting firm to perform any audit services and non-audit services since that date have been pre-approved by our board of directors
in accordance with the pre-approval policy. The policy has not been waived in any instance. All engagements of the independent registered
public accounting firm to perform any audit services and non-audit services prior to the date the pre-approval policy was implemented
were approved by our board of directors in accordance with its normal functions. 

16 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Filed Herewith ) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

Filing Type 
 
 Date Filed 

2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement 

8-K 
 
 08/11/2021 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 

10-12G 
 
 01/24/2018 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 

8-K 
 
 08/11/2021 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws 

10-12G 
 
 01/24/2018 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 

8-K 
 
 11/18/2021 

4.1 
 
 Series C Preferred Stock Designation 

8-K 
 
 08/11/2021 

4.2 
 
 Series D Preferred Stock Designation 

8-K 
 
 08/11/2021 

10.01 
 
 Boot Capital Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 27, 2021 

8-K 
 
 06/10/2021 

10.02 
 
 Boot Capital Convertible Promissory Note dated May 27, 2021 

8-K 
 
 06/10/2021 

10.03 
 
 Boot Capital Warrant dated May 27, 2021 

8-K 
 
 06/10/2021 

10.04 
 
 Boot Capital Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 22, 2021 

8-K 
 
 08/11/2021 

10.05 
 
 Boot Capital Convertible Promissory Note dated July 22, 2021 

8-K 
 
 08/11/2021 

10.06 
 
 Boot Capital Warrant dated July 22, 2021 

8-K 
 
 08/11/2021 

10.07 
 
 Boot Capital Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 4, 2021 

8-K 
 
 10/12/2021 

10.08 
 
 Boot Capital Convertible Promissory Note dated October 4, 2021 

8-K 
 
 10/12/2021 

10.09 
 
 Boot Capital Warrant dated October 4, 2021 

8-K 
 
 10/12/2021 

23.1 
 
 Auditor's Consent 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive and Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instances Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15 of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

HFactor, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Dawn Cames 

Dawn Cames 

Principal Executive Officer Acting Principal Financial Officer 

18 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 hfactor_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Annual
Report: 

1.
Annual Report (Form 10-K) of HFactor, Inc. of our report dated April 13, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of HFactor, Inc included
in this Form 10-K of HFactor, Inc for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Bolko Company 

 Boca Raton, FL 

 April 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 hfactor_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dawn Cames, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HFactor, Inc; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Dawn Cames 

Dawn Cames 

Principal Executive Officer Acting Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 hfactor_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of
HFactor, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dawn Cames, Principal Executive
Officer Acting Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Dawn Cames 

Dawn Cames 

Principal Executive Officer Acting Principal Financial Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to HFactor, Inc. and will be retained by HFactor, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hwtr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hwtr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hwtr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hwtr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

