<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1473334_0001493152-23-012578.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9048293</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>303063</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1611495</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3301772</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1593894</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2028088</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012578.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012578
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nova Lifestyle, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001473334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE [2510]
		IRS NUMBER:				270991837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36259
		FILM NUMBER:		23824630

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6565 E. WASHINGTON BLVD.
		CITY:			COMMERCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90040
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(323) 888-9999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6565 E. WASHINGTON BLVD.
		CITY:			COMMERCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90040

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stevens Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012578.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________to_______________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Stock Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes

As
of June 30, 2022, the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, based upon the closing price of the Company s
common stock of 0.72 per share as reported on the same date. 

As
of April 12, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 21 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 21 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 23 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 34 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 35 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 35 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 36 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 36 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 36 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 

Financial
 Statements 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

NOTE
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regarding our company that include, but
are not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives
of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding
future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s
beliefs and certain assumptions made by us. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 predicts, potential, believes, seeks, hopes, estimates, 
 should, may, will, with a view to and variations of these words or similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. 

These
forward-looking statements involve various risks and uncertainties. Although we believe our expectations expressed in these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, our expectations may later be found to be incorrect. Our actual results could be materially different from
our expectations. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations are
generally set forth in Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, Our Business and other sections in this report. You should read this report and the documents we
refer to thoroughly with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from and worse than what we expect.
Other sections of this report include additional factors which could adversely impact our business and financial performance. 

This
report contains statistical data we obtained from various publicly available government publications and industry-specific third-party
reports. Statistical data in these publications also include projections based on a number of assumptions. The markets for our products
may not grow at the rate projected by market data, or at all. The failure of these markets to grow at the projected rates may have a
material adverse effect on our business and the market price of our securities. In addition, the rapidly changing nature of our customers 
industries results in significant uncertainties in any projections or estimates relating to the growth prospects or future condition
of our markets. Furthermore, if any one or more of the assumptions underlying the market data is later found to be incorrect, actual
results may differ from the projections based on these assumptions. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, information in this report concerning economic conditions and our industry is based on information from independent
industry analysts and publications, as well as our estimates. Except where otherwise noted, our estimates are derived from publicly available
information released by third party sources, as well as data from our internal research, and are based on such data and our knowledge
of our industry, which we believe to be reasonable. None of the independent industry publication market data cited in this report was
prepared on our or our affiliates behalf. 

The
forward-looking statements made in this report relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements are made in
this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events. You should read this report and the documents we refer to in this report and have filed as exhibits to this
report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. 

As
used in this report, Nova LifeStyle, Nova, the Company, we, our 
and similar terms refer to Nova LifeStyle, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

Our
functional currency is the U.S. Dollar, or USD. See Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements included herein. 

Table of Contents 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Our
Company 

Nova
LifeStyle, Inc. Nova LifeStyle or the Company is a U.S.-headquartered innovative designer and marketer
of contemporary styled residential and commercial furniture formerly known as Stevens Resources, Inc. We were incorporated in the State
of Nevada on September 9, 2009. The Company s products are marketed through wholesale and retail channels as well as various online
platforms worldwide. 

Nova
LifeStyle s family of brands includes Nova LifeStyle, Diamond Sofa www.diamondsofa.com and Nova Living. 

Our
business strength lies in our abilities to quickly adapt to changing market demand and stay ahead of the latest trends in modern furniture
designs. Our customers principally consist of designers, distributors and retailers who cater to mid-level and high-end private label
home furnishings that have little product overlap within our specific furnishings products or product lines. Nova LifeStyle is constantly
seeking to integrate new sources of distribution and manufacturing that are aligned with our growth strategies, allowing us to continually
focus on growing our customer base as well as driving the expansion of our overall distribution and manufacturing relationships worldwide,
providing our customers with trendy furnishing solutions. 

We
generate the majority of our sales as a branding and marketing company with vertically integrated third-party manufacturing capabilities
for global furniture distributors and large national retailers. We have established long term relationships with our worldwide customers
by providing them with high quality, large scale and cost-effective sourcing solutions. Our worldwide logistics and delivery capabilities
provide our customers with the flexibility to select from our extensive furniture collections tailored for their respective needs. Our
experience marketing products to international customers have enabled us to fully integrate the supply scale, product delivery logistics,
marketing efficiency and design expertise to address customer demand from established markets in the North America, Central America,
South America, Asia, and the Middle East. 

Reverse
split 

On
December 18, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the Secretary of State of Nevada with an effective date of December
20, 2019, at which time a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s authorized shares of common stock, par value 0.001, accompanied
by a corresponding decrease in the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ),
was effected. All references to shares and per share data have been retroactively restated to reflect such split. 

Human
Capital Resources 

We
understand that our success depends on our ability to attract, train and retain our employees. We strive to attract, recruit, and retain
employees through competitive compensation and benefit programs, learning and development opportunities that support career growth and
advancement opportunities, and employee engagement initiatives that foster a strong Company culture. In addition to cash compensation,
we offer customary benefits in accordance with local regulatory requirements as well as stock options to our employees. We also recognize
the importance of keeping our employees safe. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented changes that we determined were in
the best interest of our employees and have followed local government orders to prevent the spread of COVID-19. As of December 31, 2022,
we had 28 full time employees worldwide. Our U.S. corporate office and operations employed 24 full-time employees, our location in Malaysia
and Hong Kong employed 3 and 1 full-time employees, respectively. We believe that relations with our employees are satisfactory. We have
no collective bargaining agreements with our employees. 

Recent
Developments Related to the COVID-19 Outbreak 

Beginning in early
2020, a strain of novel coronavirus COVID-19 has spread globally including the U.S. and Malaysia. In March 2020, the
World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 a pandemic. In response to the evolving dynamics related to the COVID-19 outbreak, the
Company has been following the guidelines of local authorities as it prioritizes the health and safety of its employees, contractors,
suppliers and retail partners. The Company s two showrooms and warehouse in Malaysia was closed from March, 2020 to May, 2020.
The Los Angeles facility closed on March 16, 2020 and reopened in full operation on June 1, 2020. On May 12, 2020, the Company s
Kuala Lumpur office and warehouse reopened for business. On August 28, 2020, the Malaysia government extended the shutdown order to all
business until March 5, 2021. After the re-opening on March 5, 2021, Malaysia government imposed a new nationwide lockdown on May 12,
2021 until early June 2021 which was subsequently extended to early October 2021. In October 2021, the Order was lifted for people who
are fully vaccinated and our store has reopened. In April 2022, Malaysia has reopened the border for foreign visitors. The third-party
contract manufacturers that the Company utilizes in China were closed from the end of January 2020 through the beginning of March 2020
and have been open for operation. On August 1, 2022, all travelers are allowed to enter Malaysia regardless for their Covid-19 vaccination
status and they are not required for pre-departure or on arrival Covid-19 tests. There are no quarantine orders related to Covid-19 by
the Malaysian government upon arrival. In 2022, there have been outbreaks of the Omicron
variant of COVID-19 in Hong Kong and many other cities in China, and travel restrictions, mandatory COVID-19 tests, quarantine requirements
and/or temporary closure of office buildings and facilities have been imposed by local governments. In December 2022, the Chinese
government eased its strict zero COVID-19 policy which resulted in a surge of new COVID-19 cases during December 2022 and January 2023.
 Although our suppliers in China have not been materially and negatively impacted by such outbreaks,
the government authorities may issue new orders of office closure, travel and transportation restrictions in China due to the resurgence
of the COVID-19 and outbreak of new variants, which could cause the delay of the delivery from our suppliers in China. Certain
of the Company s new products are being sourced from manufacturers in India starting in 2020. The factories in India suspended
their operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic during March through early May 2020. Currently, the factories in India are open
for operations. Shipping of products from Asia has experienced significant delays since the onset of the pandemic and the costs of shipping
from Asia have increased since the onset. In June 2022, all the shipping and related costs from Asia have been back to normal. Finally,
the Company expects that the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the United States and world economies will continue to have a material
adverse impact on the demand for its products. Because of the significant uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, the extent
of the future business interruption and the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

Our
History 

We
are a U.S. holding company that operates through several wholly-owned subsidiaries. We design and market residential and commercial furniture
products worldwide. Our subsidiaries include Nova Furniture Limited in the British Virgin Islands Nova Furniture ), Nova
Furniture Limited in Samoa Nova Samoa ), Diamond Bar Outdoors, Inc. Diamond Bar ), i Design Blockchain Technology,
Inc i Design ), Nova Living (M) SDN. BHD. Nova Malaysia and Nova Living (HK) Group Limited Nova
HK ). Diamond Bar is a California corporation organized on June 15, 2000, which we acquired pursuant to a stock purchase agreement
on August 31, 2011. On April 24, 2013, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of Bright Swallow International Group Limited Bright
Swallow ). 

On
September 23, 2016, Nova Furniture, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Seller ), entered into a Share Transfer
Agreement (the Agreement with Kuka Design Limited, an unrelated company incorporated in British Virgin Islands Kuka
Design BVI or Buyer ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Seller sold all of the outstanding equity interests
in Nova Furniture (Dongguan) Co., Ltd. Nova Dongguan ), a company incorporated in China and a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Seller, to the Buyer for a total of 8,500,000 (the Transaction ). Upon consummation of the Transaction on October 25,
2016, the Buyer became the sole owner of Nova Dongguan. 

On
November 10, 2016, Nova Furniture entered into a Trademark Assignment Agreement with Kuka Design BVI Assignee ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Trademark Assignment Agreement, Nova Furniture assigned the Assignee its full right to, and title in, the NOVA trademark
in China for 6,000,000. 

On
December 7, 2017, Nova LifeStyle, Inc. incorporated i Design under the laws of the State of California, USA. The purpose of i Design
is to build our own blockchain technology team. This new company will focus on application of blockchain technology in the furniture
industry, including encouraging and facilitating interactions among designers and customers, and building blockchain-powered platform
that enables designers to showcase their products including current and future furniture designs. This company is in a planning stage
and has had minimum operations to date. 

On
December 12, 2019, Nova LifeStyle, Inc. acquired Nova Malaysia which was incorporated in Malaysia on July 26, 2019. Nova Malaysia markets
and sells high-end physiotherapeutic jade mats for use in therapy clinics, hospitality, and real estate projects in Malaysia and other
regions in Southeast Asia. 

On
January 7, 2020, the Company transferred its entire interest in Bright Swallow to Y-Tone (Worldwide) Limited an unrelated third party,
for cash consideration of 2.50 million, pursuant to a formal agreement entered into on January 7, 2020. We received the payment on May
11, 2020. Operations of Bright Swallow were reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
for all periods presented. 

Nova
Furniture Macao Commercial Offshore Limited Nova Macao was organized under the laws of Macao on May 20, 2006. Nova Macao
was a wholly owned subsidiary of Nova Furniture. On October 14, 2020, the Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Institute approved that
Nova Macao s offshore license became invalid under the order of Repeal of Legal Regime of the Offshore Services by Macao Special
Administrative Region. Nova Macao was de-registrated and liquidated in January 2021 and its business was taken over by Nova HK. 

On
November 5, 2020, Nova LifeStyle, Inc. acquired Nova HK from unrelated third party at cost of 1,290 which was incorporated in Hong Kong
on November 6, 2019. Nova HK took over Nova Macao s business. This company has had minimum operations in 2021. In February 2022,
Nova HK also entered a de-registration and liquidation process and was in the process of transferring all its assets and business to
Nova Malaysia. All of Nova HK s inventory was transferred to Nova Malaysia on February 15, 2022. Operations of Nova HK were reported
as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods
presented. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Our
organizational structure as of December 31, 2022 is set forth in the diagram: 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Our
Products 

We
design and market modern residential and commercial furniture in diverse markets worldwide. Our products feature urban and contemporary
styles, combining comfort and functionality in matching furniture collections and upscale luxury pieces appealing to lifestyle-conscious
middle and upper middle-income consumers. We also sell physiotherapeutic jade mats for use in therapy clinics, hospitality, and real
estate projects in Malaysia and other regions in Southeast Asia. Many of our products are segments of multi-component furniture collections
in distinctive design styles, attractively priced in the medium and upper-medium ranges. Our product lines feature upholstered, wood
and metal-based furniture pieces. We classify our products by room, designation or series, such as living room, dining room, bedroom
and home office series, and by category or product types such as sofas, chairs, dining tables, beds, entertainment consoles, cabinets
and cupboards. Our largest selling product categories for the year ended December 31, 2022 were sofas, beds and chairs, which accounted
for approximately 41 , 15 and 11 of sales from continuing operations, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our largest
selling product categories were sofas, beds and coffee tables, which accounted for approximately 47 , 15 and 7 of sales from continuing
operations, respectively. Our products are manufactured primarily from medium-density fiberboard, or MDF board, and particleboard covered
with veneers or lacquers and combined with other materials, including steel, glass, marble, leather, jade and fabrics. 

Our
product offerings consist of a mix of furnishings designed by us, and sourced from third party manufacturers that are supervised under
our rigorous quality control processes. Through market research, customer feedback, and ongoing design development, we identify the latest
trends and customer needs in target markets to develop new products, collections and brands. Our product collections are designed to
appeal to consumer preferences in specific markets. We develop both individual furniture pieces and complete furniture collections that
equip an entire home which feature matching furniture suites, providing convenient home furnishing options for lifestyle-conscious consumers. 

We
generally introduce new collections and launch new design styles at international furniture exhibitions or trade fairs. However, in 2021,
due to Covid-19 pandemic, some international furniture exhibitions or trade fairs were cancelled, and for those were still held, the
customers traffic was light. Our products are displayed in our showrooms. We further support our new product launches with product brochures
and online marketing campaigns. Our staff collects customer feedback and collaborates with customers worldwide to design store and showroom
layouts. In marketing materials, we highlight matching furniture collections by displaying complete and fully accessorized whole-room
settings instead of individual furniture pieces. We believe that such in-store presentations provide convenient, one-stop solutions to
customers, and thus incentivize clients to purchase an entire room of furniture from us instead of shopping for individual pieces offered
by different brands or manufacturers. Our products are mainly designed by our own designers and we also used independent designers in
the past for product design. Customer orders are filled by third party manufacturers under our direct quality control. We believe that
our products feature superior materials, attractive appearances, superb functionalities and satisfying price points generally desired
by today s middle to upper middle-income consumers worldwide. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

International
Markets 

We
have been selling products to the U.S., Canadian, Honduras, Guatemala, Guam, Puerto Rico, Panama, Costa Rica, Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Kazakhstan, New Zealand and Middle Eastern markets under the Diamond Sofa brand and selling our Jade Mats to the
Malaysia through Nova Malaysia. We believe that discretionary purchases of furniture by middle to upper middle-income consumers will
continue to increase in the furniture markets worldwide. We also believe that furniture products that feature contemporary design styles
such as ours will continue to attract significant customer demand. 

In
2022, our products were sold in 13 countries worldwide, with North America as our principal international market. Sales to North America
accounted for 94.2 and 97.9 of our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales to other regions accounted
for 5.8 and 2.1 of our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, via our subsidiary, Nova Malaysia,
we marketed and sold high-end physiotherapeutic jade mats for use in therapy clinics, hospitality, and real estate projects in Malaysia.
As we continue to broaden our distribution network, increase direct sales and grow in the emerging markets, we believe that we are well
positioned to respond to changing market conditions that will allow us to take advantage of any upturns in the global and local economies
of the markets that we serve. That said, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could materially and adversely affect the economies of each of
the countries in which we market our products, which has adversely affected our ability to generate revenues in 2022. In addition, our
ability to market our products in 2022 had been adversely impacted by government imposed quarantines and closures, supply chain and shipping
disruptions and our current inability to make sales calls and to attend furniture shows. In June 2022, everything is back to the normal. 

Our
expansion in Malaysia with health line products has also been disrupted due to COVID-19. Our initial plan was to establish showrooms
in which consumers can interact with our products. Through research, we found that consumers were becoming more self-aware about their
health and were willing to improve their lifestyles. Our showrooms were stocked and ready for local consumers to visit, however, due
to government regulations these operations have been suspended until quarantines and travel restrictions are lifted. In October 2021,
the Order was lifted for people who are fully vaccinated and our store has reopened since. In April 2022, Malaysia has reopened the border
for foreign visitors. We also started the online sales of our jade mats products in Malaysia since 2021. 

Our
global logistics and delivery capabilities provide our customers with the flexibility to select from our extensive furniture collections
to address their respective needs. We design and supply our products under our own brands. We also design and ship products for other
major brands as their OEM designer or supplier. We offer a wide selection of stand-alone furniture pieces across a variety of product
categories and approximately over 230 products developed exclusively for the international markets. We also sell products under the Diamond
Sofa brand to distributors and retailers in North America, South America, Asia and Middle East and to end-user U.S. consumers our own
online orders or through third-party shopping portals. Reflecting market demand, our research and development team works closely with
customers to timely modify our existing product designs. We also offer custom-designed styles for specific market segments. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
sales and marketing strategies target middle and upper middle class, urban consumers, including: (1) direct sales to the U.S. and international
customers; (2) internet sales and online marketing campaigns; and (3) participation in exhibitions and trade shows. 

We
diversify our customer base by increasing direct sales to a broad range of retailers and chain stores across the U.S. and international
markets. We plan to continue to expand our direct sales and marketing efforts in North America, and in particular the U.S., which historically
is the largest market worldwide for imported furniture. We intend to expand the Diamond Sofa brand and introduce new brands
for direct sales in the U.S. and international markets while continuing to offer custom-made products under private label. 

Diamond
Bar also currently sells products under the Diamond Sofa brand in the U.S. through third party shopping portals, shipping orders received
online directly to the end customer. We believe that our planned direct-to-consumer online sales and marketing strategies will increase
our sales in the U.S. by building our brand awareness and acting as an effective advertising vehicle. We also support new product collections
and brand launches with print and online advertising campaigns, participation in furniture exhibitions and by offering product brochures
and samples. We provide samples and brochures of new products for international markets to distributors and buyers, as is common in the
furniture industry. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

We
used to gain new customers by attending many international furniture trade shows throughout the years. During these events, we introduce
new product offerings and launch new design collections. We believe this marketing process helps us to develop and detect the latest-trends
in the marketplace, allowing us to better understand the challenges and opportunities facing distributors and buyers with whom we have
long standing customer relationships. We usually present new products at the International Famous Furniture Fair (3F) in Dongguan,
China and the China International Furniture Exhibition in Shanghai, China, which were suspended in 2020 and 2021 due to COVID-19. We
also exhibit new products under the Diamond Sofa brand during the Las Vegas Market (U.S.) and the High Point Market (U.S.)
trade shows, which were suspended in 2020 due to COVID-19 but were resumed since 2021. Internationally, we participate in trade fairs
in collaboration with our customers. We plan to expand our business in the Middle East by attending several furniture exhibitions in
those markets, such as trade show in Dubai. To highlight our latest design collections, we maintain year-round showrooms at the Company s
headquarters in California as well as the High Point Market and Las Vegas Market. 

In
2021, via our new subsidiary Nova Malaysia, we have marketed and sold high-end physiotherapeutic jade mats to individuals and business
companies in Malaysia. 

Suppliers
and Manufacturers 

We
source finished goods from third-party manufacturers to fulfill orders placed by customers through Diamond Bar and Nova Malaysia for
the U.S. and international markets. Our two principal suppliers of finished goods in 2022 accounted for approximately 42 of our total
purchases from continuing operations for 2022. By maintaining relationships with multiple suppliers, generally we benefit from a more
stable supply chain and better pricing. Under ordinary circumstances, if a change of suppliers is necessary, we believe that we can quickly
fulfill our requirements from other suppliers without interruptions in order fulfillment. We monitor our suppliers ability to
meet our product needs and we participate in quality assurance activities to reinforce our high-quality standards. Our third-party manufacturing
contracts are generally of annual or shorter durations. We issue production orders to manufacturers based on individual purchase orders.
Our manufacturing relationships are non-exclusive, and we are permitted to procure products from other sources at our discretion. None
of our manufacturing contracts include production volume or purchase commitments on the part of either party. Our third-party manufacturers
are responsible for sourcing raw materials, agreeing to produce parts and finished products to our specifications. We hold our suppliers
to high quality standards and delivery deadlines. Our quality control procedures may extend to stringent requirements for raw material
suppliers. 

The
third party contract manufacturers that we utilize in China were closed from the beginning of the Lunar New Year Holiday at the end of
January 2020 through the beginning of March 2020 due to the COVID-19 outbreak, and recommenced production and shipment in early March
2020. Starting in 2020, certain of the Company s new products are being sourced from manufacturers in India. The factories in India
suspended their operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic during March through early May 2020. Currently, the factories in China
and India are in their normal operations. Shipping of products from Asia has experienced significant delays since the onset of the pandemic
and the costs of shipping from Asia have increased due to the pandemic, supply chain disruption and port congestion. In June 2022, all
the shipping and related costs from Asia have been back to normal. It is possible that our overseas based manufacturers may experience
future suspensions of operations as a result of any resurgence or new variants of COVID-19. The situation remains highly uncertain. It
is therefore difficult for the Company to estimate the negative impact on our ability to deliver products during the remainder of 2023. 

Customers 

Our
target end customer is the middle and upper middle-income consumer of residential and commercial furniture. In the U.S. and international
markets, our sales principally are to furniture distributors and retailers who in turn offer our products under their own brands or under
our Diamond Sofa brand. No customer accounted for greater than 10 of our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021. Once
the COVID-19 pandemic dissipates, we plan to increase direct sales to retailers and chain stores worldwide as we continue to diversify
our customer base from global furniture distributors. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

We
are focusing on establishing and growing long-term relationships with our customers. We believe that the majority of our customers view
us as a strategic long-term supplier and value the quality of our products, our timely delivery and design capabilities. We generally
negotiate renewable supplier agreements with firm pricing on our products, typically for a term of one year, as is customary in the furniture
industry, with individual orders made on standard purchase orders. In 2022, we sold products into approximately 13 countries worldwide,
with North America as our principal international market, while we expanded our sales in other regions. Sales to North America accounted
for 94.2 and 97.9 of our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The change was attributed principally
to our changing sales and marketing strategy to diversify international sales. Sales to other regions accounted for 5.8 and 2.1 of
our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021, respectively. We expect that a majority of our revenues will continue to
come from our sales to the U.S. and international markets. We acquired Diamond Bar in August 2011, which has driven expansion of our
sales to the U.S., Mexico, and South America through Diamond Bar s longstanding customer relationships and distribution capabilities.
Diamond Bar s revenues accounted for 99.5 and 100.0 of our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021, respectively,
and Nova Malaysia s revenues accounted for 0.5 and 0 of our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021, respectively.
In addition, we anticipate increasing internet sales under the Diamond Sofa brand through third-party shopping portals and Nova Malaysia s
website. We believe that as we expand our broad network of distributors and increase direct sales, we will be better positioned to capitalize
on emerging market trends. 

We
typically used to experience stronger fourth calendar quarters as our product sales are subject to the seasonality and fluctuations typical
of the furniture industry. This industry-based seasonality was generally caused by shipping lead-times to international markets combined
with the real estate market slowdown and decrease in furniture consumption commonly experienced during the summer months in the Northern
Hemisphere markets in which the majority of our customers are located and our products sell at retail. However, due to the shipping backlog,
our fourth quarter s sales were worse than the first three quarters in 2022. We believe that consumer demand for furniture generally
reflects sensitivity to overall economic conditions, including, but not limited to, unemployment rates, housing market conditions and
consumer confidence. In view of the expected adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the respective economies of those countries in
which we sell our products, and the COVID-19 pandemic-related impact on our supply chains and shipping providers, seasonality and period
to period fluctuations in product sales are impossible to predict in 2023. 

Competition 

The
furniture industry is large and highly competitive. The industry consists of many manufacturers, distributors and retailers, none of
which dominates the fragmented and diverse market. Our products principally compete in the U.S., Canada, Honduras, Guatemala, Guam, Puerto
Rico, Panama, Costa Rica, Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Kazakhstan, New Zealand, and Malaysia and Middle Eastern markets.
The primary competitive factors in these markets for our products and target consumers are price, quality, style, marketing, functionality
and availability. 

In
the U.S. and international markets, we compete against other furniture distributors and wholesalers which are mostly located in China
and other Southeast Asian countries. We also compete against traditional distributors in North America and Europe. We believe that we
have significant competitive advantages over North American and European distributors due to our superb customer service and a history
of prompt delivery of high-quality products. Our contemporary product designs have styles and functionality that are better than, or
at least comparable to, those offered by our higher-priced competitors. Our design team closely coordinates with our sales and marketing
staff to include customer feedback as part of their ongoing R D improvement process, thus allows the Company to develop and timely
modify products to meet the changing stylistic and functional demands from our worldwide customers. We believe that our decades of product
experience and proven performance record offer competitive edges over many other suppliers. In addition to our design and logistical
capabilities, we believe that our experience from sourcing custom-made products for distributors presents significant benefits to our
customers. 

Environmental
and Regulatory Matters 

Our
operations are subject to various laws and regulations both domestically and abroad. In the U.S., federal, state and local regulations
impose standards on our workplace and our relationship with the environment. For example, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Occupational
Safety and Health Administration and other federal agencies have the authority to promulgate regulations that may impact our operations.
In particular, we are subject to legislation placing restrictions on our generation, emission, treatment, storage and disposal of materials,
substances and wastes. Such legislation includes: the Toxic Substances Control Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; the Clean
Air Act; the Clean Water Act; the Safe Drinking Water Act; and the Comprehensive Environmental Response and the Compensation and Liability
Act (also known as Superfund). We are also subject to the requirements of the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Federal Trade
Commission, in addition to regulations concerning employee health and safety matters. We believe the Company has complied with the relevant
federal, state, local and international requirements for environmental protection. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on the trademark protection laws in the U.S. to protect our intellectual property and maintain our competitive position in the marketplace.
The Company and our subsidiaries currently hold two trademarks registered in the U.S. related to the Diamond Sofa brand.
In addition, we have registered and maintained numerous internet domain names related to our business, including novalifestyle.com ,
 novaliving.com.my and diamondsofa.com. 

Research
and Development 

We
believe that new product designs are important to our continued success. We actively seek to protect our product designs and brand names
under the trademark protection laws in the U.S., but the copying of a product s appearance is a common and ongoing issue in the
furniture industry as manufacturers seek to capitalize on popular designs and features by copying those of their competitors and making
subtle changes to avoid infringement claims. To remain competitive, we believe that we must constantly innovate to stay ahead of competitors.
We have developed a design process that enables us to better manage the short product life cycles for furniture designs by anticipating
and responding quickly to changing consumer preferences. Ordinarily, we strive to attend furniture exhibitions worldwide, conduct market
research and solicit customer feedback to help us identify new trends and customer needs in our target markets. We then incorporate customer
feedback into new product designs. We normally introduce new product collections annually for the U.S. and international markets. We
anticipate introducing new products under the Diamond Sofa brand on a quarterly basis for the U.S. market. At least annually,
we assess the marketing results for new designs in order to decide whether to continue with a particular line. 

We
use in-house designers and computer-aided modeling systems to generate design and related development work. We have used independent
designers in the past for product design, from which we built prototype furniture pieces for refinement and testing. In 2022 and 2021,
we invested 10,917 and 110,287, respectively, on research and development expense. We may increase future investments in R D based
on our growth needs. 

Furniture
Industry Regulations and Standards 

We
and our products are subject to U.S. and international regulations related to the furniture industry. 

Our
products are subject to the mandatory and voluntary furniture test standards of the U.S. and international markets in which our products
are distributed to end consumers, including those developed by the American National Standards Institute, or ANSI, Business and Institutional
Furniture Manufacturer s Association, or BIFMA, ASTM International, California Air Resources Board, or CARB, Furniture Industry
Research Association, or FIRA, and the International Organization for Standardization, or ISO. These environmental, ecological and formaldehyde
emission standards and source of origin labeling requirements are national or international, with the U.S. and European Union typically
having the strictest standards for their markets. We source products from third party manufacturers and we rely on them to meet all local
manufacturing standards. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 28 full time employees worldwide. Our U.S. corporate office and operations employed 24 full-time employees,
our location in Malaysia and Hong Kong employed 3 and 1 a total of 4 full-time employees, respectively. We believe that relations with
our employees are satisfactory. We have no collective bargaining agreements with our employees. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Our
business and an investment in our securities are subject to a variety of risks. The following risk factors describe the most significant
events, facts or circumstances that could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, results of operations,
ability to implement our business plan and the market price for our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties that presently are
not considered material or are not known to us, and therefore are not mentioned herein, may impair our business operations. Many of these
events are outside of our control. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations
may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors in our common stock
could lose all or part of their investment. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and could continue to cause business disruptions, resulting in a material, adverse impact to our financial
condition and results of operations. 

In
recent years, there have been outbreaks of epidemics in various countries. Recently, there was an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus
(COVID-19) in China, which has spread rapidly to many parts of the world, including the U.S. In March 2020, the World Health Organization
declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The epidemic has resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, and the temporary closure of office buildings
and facilities in the U.S., China and Malaysia. 

In
response to the evolving dynamics related to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company has been following the guidelines of local authorities
as it prioritizes the health and safety of its employees, contractors, suppliers and retail partners. The Company s two showrooms
and warehouse in Malaysia was closed from March, 2020 to May, 2020. The Los Angeles facility has been closed since March 16, 2020 and
reopened in full operation on June 1, 2020. On May 12, 2020, the Company s Kuala Lumpur office and warehouse reopened for business.
However, on August 28, 2020, Malaysia government extended the shutdown order to all business until March 5, 2021. After the re-opening
on March 5, 2021, Malaysia government imposed a new nationwide lockdown on May 12, 2021 until early June 2021 which was subsequently
extended to early October 2021. In October 2021, the Order was lifted for people who are fully vaccinated and our store has been reopened since.
In April 2022, Malaysia has reopened the border for foreign visitors. The third-party contract manufacturers that the Company utilizes
in China were closed from the end of January 2020 through the beginning of March 2020 and have been open for operation. In
2022, there have been outbreaks of the Omicron variant of COVID-19 in Hong Kong and many other cities in China, and travel restrictions,
mandatory COVID-19 tests, quarantine requirements and/or temporary closure of office buildings and facilities have been imposed by local
governments. In December 2022, the Chinese government eased its strict zero COVID-19 policy which resulted in a surge of new COVID-19
cases during December 2022 and January 2023. Although our suppliers in China have not been materially
and negatively impacted by such outbreaks, the government authorities may issue new orders of office closure, travel and transportation
restrictions in China due to the resurgence of the COVID-19 and outbreak of new variants, which could cause the delay of the delivery
from our suppliers in China. Certain of the Company s new products are being sourced from manufacturers in India starting
in 2020. The factories in India suspended their operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic during March through early May 2020.
Currently, the factories in China and India are open for operations. Shipping of products from Asia has experienced significant delays
since the onset of the pandemic and the costs of shipping from Asia have increased since the onset; and we have experienced and may continue
to experience shipping disruptions in the future. In June 2022, all the shipping and related costs from Asia have been back to normal.
Any further impact to our results will depend on, to a large extent, future developments and new variants that may emerge regarding COVID-19
and the actions taken by governmental authorities and other entities to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, almost all of which are
beyond our control. Potential impacts include, but are not limited to, the following: 

temporary
 closure of offices, stores, showrooms, warehouse, travel restrictions, cancellation of marketing and promotion activities and in
 person meetings or suspension of transportation, which may materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results; 

our
 customers may require additional time to pay us or fail to pay us at all, which could significantly increase the amount of accounts
 receivable and require us to record additional allowances for doubtful accounts. We have experienced and may experience the delay
 or cancellation of orders from customers in the future, which has and may continue to adversely affect our financial condition and
 operating results; 

our
 customers that are negatively impacted by the outbreak of COVID-19 may reduce their budgets to purchase our products, which may materially
 adversely impact our revenue; 

any
 disruption of our supply chain, logistics providers, customers or our marketing activities could adversely impact our business and
 results of operations, including causing our suppliers to cease manufacturing products for a period of time or materially delay delivery
 to us and customers, which may also lead to loss of customers, as well as reputational, competitive and business harm to us; 

many
 of our customers, distributors, suppliers and other partners are small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which may not have strong
 cash flows or be well capitalized, and may be vulnerable to an epidemic outbreak and slowing macroeconomic conditions. If the SMEs
 that we work with cannot weather the COVID-19 outbreak and the resulting economic impact, or cannot resume business as usual after
 a prolonged outbreak, our revenues and business operations may be materially and adversely impacted. 

The
situation remains highly uncertain for any further outbreak or new variants of the COVID-19 and effectiveness of any vaccines. It is
therefore difficult for the Company to estimate the impact on our business or operating results that might be adversely affected by any
further outbreak or new variants of COVID-19. Potential impact to our results of operations will also depend on future developments and
new information that may emerge regarding COVID-19 and the actions taken by governmental authorities and other entities to contain COVID-19
and/or mitigate its impact, almost all of which are beyond our control. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Changes
in economic conditions in the industries and markets served by our customers could adversely affect demand for our products. 

The
furniture industry is subject to cyclical variations in the global economy and to uncertainty regarding future economic prospects. Our
business is affected by the number of orders we are able to secure from our customers, which is determined by the level of our customers 
business activity. Our customers level of business activity is in turn determined by the level of consumer spending in the markets
our customers serve. Economic downturns could affect discretionary consumer spending habits by decreasing the overall demand for residential
and commercial furniture. Any significant or prolonged decline of the economy or inflation in U.S., Malaysia, China or other international
markets in which our products are sold will affect disposable income and spending by consumers in these markets, and may lead to a decrease
in demand for our products. To the extent that decrease in demand for consumer products translates into a decline in the demand for residential
and commercial furniture, our sales and financial performance could be adversely affected. Any economic downturn also could negatively
impact our primary customers, furniture wholesalers, distributors and retailers, possibly resulting in a decrease in our sales or earnings.
Changes in interest rates, consumer confidence, new housing starts, existing home sales, inflation, the availability of consumer credit
and geopolitical factors could have particularly significant effects on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. Any decline in economic activity and conditions in the industries and markets served by our customers and in which we operate
may reduce demand for our products and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic
has materially adversely impacted the global economy which in turn adversely affected the demand for our products. 

We
historically have derived a substantial part of our sales from a limited number of customers. If we lose any of these customers, or any
of these customers reduce the amount of business they do with us, our sales may be adversely affected. 

Historically,
a substantial part of our sales was attributed to a limited number of customers. But we had no sales to a customer greater than 10 of
our total sales from continuing operations for 2022 and 2021. If the demand for our products decreases in one or more of the markets
supplied by our largest customers, or if there are any material social or regulatory changes in these markets, our sales could decline
and we could lose market share, any of which could materially harm our business. We do not foresee relying on these same customers for
sales generation as we expand our business to increase our internet sales and direct sales to the U.S. and other international markets.
We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to successfully implement these plans. 

Our
decision to move away from low margin products and to eliminate customers who generate low margin sales and that have slow payment histories
could result in a decrease in our future sales and earnings. 

As
we implement our plan to transition to high profit margin products and fast paying clients, we cannot assure that the transition will
be successful and that we will eventually develop enough new business to make up the loss of sales from the existing low margin products
and slow paying clients. If we are unable to develop enough new clients for our high profit margin products, our sales and net income
will be negatively impacted. 

If
we lose our key personnel, or are unable to attract and retain additional qualified personnel, the quality of our services may decline
and our business may be adversely affected. 

We
rely heavily on the expertise, experience and continued services of our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer, President,
Director and Chairperson, Ms. Lam, and our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Chuang. Loss of their services could adversely affect our ability
to achieve our business objectives. Ms. Lam and Mr. Chuang are key factors in our success at establishing relationships within the furniture
industry in the U.S. and international market and capital market because of their extensive industry and financial experience. The continued
development of our business depends upon their continued employment. We have entered into employment agreements with Ms. Lam and Mr.
Chuang that include provisions for non-competition and confidentiality. 

We
believe our future success will depend upon our ability to retain key employees and our ability to attract and retain other skilled personnel.
We cannot guarantee that any employee will remain employed by us for any period of time or that we will be able to attract, train or
retain qualified personnel in the future. Such loss of personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and company. Furthermore,
we will need to employ additional personnel to expand our business. Qualified employees are in great demand and may be unavailable in
the time frame required to satisfy our customers requirements. There is no assurance we will be able to attract and retain sufficient
numbers of highly skilled employees in the future. The loss of personnel or our inability to hire or retain sufficient personnel at competitive
rates could impair the growth of our business. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

We
may not be able to keep pace with competition in our industry, which could adversely affect our market share and result in a decrease
in our future sales and earnings. 

The
furniture industries in the U.S. and international markets are very competitive and fragmented. Our business is subject to risks associated
with competition from new or existing industry participants who may have more resources and better access to capital. Many of our competitors
and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial and government support, technical and marketing resources, larger
customer bases, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships in the industry than we do. Among
other things, these industry participants compete with us based upon price, quality, style, functionality and availability. We cannot
be sure we will have the resources or expertise to compete successfully in the future. Some of our competitors may also be able to provide
customers with additional benefits at lower overall costs to increase market share. We cannot be sure we will be able to match cost reductions
by our competitors or that we will be able to succeed in the face of current or future competition. Also, due to the large number of
competitors and their wide range of product offerings, we may not be able to continue to differentiate our products through value, styling
or functionality from those of our competitors. In addition, some of our customers are also performing more manufacturing services themselves.
We may face competition from our customers as they seek to become more vertically integrated. As a result, we are continually subject
to the risk of losing market share, which may lower our sales and earnings. 

We
will face different market dynamics and competition as we develop new products to expand our presence in our target markets. In some
markets, our future competitors may have greater brand recognition and broader distribution than we currently enjoy. We may not be as
successful as our competitors in generating revenues in those markets due to the lack of recognition of our brands, lack of customer
acceptance, lack of product quality history and other factors. As a result, any new expansion efforts could be more costly and less profitable
than our efforts in our existing markets. If we are not as successful as our competitors are in our target markets, our sales could decline,
our margins could be impacted negatively and we could lose market share, any of which could materially harm our business. 

We
may lose U.S. market share due to competition and our dependence on production facilities located outside the U.S., which would result
in a decrease in our future sales and earnings. 

We
compete in the U.S. market principally through our sales under the Diamond Sofa brand. The furniture industry in the U.S. is very competitive
and fragmented. We compete with many domestic U.S. and international furniture sources, including national department stores, regional
or independent specialty stores, dedicated franchises of furniture manufacturers and retailers marketing products through catalogs and
over the internet. There are few barriers to entry in the U.S. furniture market, and new competitors may enter this market at any time.
Some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we have and often offer extensively advertised and well-recognized branded
products. We may not be able to meet price competition or otherwise respond to competitive pressures in the U.S. market. We also may
not be able to continue to differentiate our products from those of our competitors in the U.S. through value, styling and functionality
because of the large number of competitors and their wide range of product offerings. Furthermore, some large furniture retailers in
the U.S. are sourcing products directly from furniture manufacturers located in China and other Southeast Asian countries instead of
through distributors like us. Over time, this practice may expand to smaller retailers in the U.S. Accordingly, we are continually subject
to the risk of losing U.S. market share, which may decrease our future sales and earnings. Because we source products from third party
manufacturers that are located outside the U.S. and we are subject to risks caused by disruption of international transportation such
as COVID-19 and other health pandemics as well as the increase of tariffs imposed by the U.S. customs. We might loss business and our
reputation might be damaged if there is delay of delivery and shipment from our suppliers. 

Failure
to anticipate or timely respond to changes in fashion and consumer preferences could adversely impact our business. 

Furniture
is a styled product and is subject to rapidly changing fashion trends and consumer preferences, as well as to increasingly shorter product
life cycles. We believe our past performance has been based on, and our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to continue
to improve our existing products through product innovation and to develop, market and produce new products. We cannot assure you that
we will be successful in introducing, marketing and producing any new products or product innovations, or that we will develop and introduce
in a timely manner innovations in our existing products that satisfy customer needs or achieve market acceptance. Our success also depends
upon our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to fashion trends related to residential and commercial furniture. If we
fail to identify and respond to these changes, our sales could decline and we could lose market share, any of which could materially
harm our business. 

If
we are unable to manage our growth, we may not be profitable. 

Our
continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage and expand our operations and facilities in the face of continued growth.
This planned growth includes the expansion of our internet sales and diversifying our international sales by expanding our broad network
of distributors, increasing direct sales in the U.S. and other international markets and entering emerging growth markets. The growth
in our operations has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure.
If we do not manage our growth effectively, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our
operating results. To manage this growth effectively, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls
and our reporting systems and procedures. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fulfill our staffing requirements for our business,
successfully train and assimilate new employees, or expand our management base and enhance our operating and financial systems. Failure
to achieve any of these goals will prevent us from managing our growth in an effective manner and could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

We
may need additional capital to execute our business plan and fund operations and may not be able to obtain such capital on acceptable
terms or at all. 

In
connection with the development and expansion of our business, we may incur significant capital and operational expenses. We believe
that we can increase our sales and net income by implementing a growth strategy that focuses on (i) increasing online sales and (ii)
diversifying our international sales. We plan to increase and diversify our sales to the U.S. and international markets by establishing
new brands for the international markets and to increase our online sales presence. 

In
the event that available funds are not sufficient to meet our operating needs and our plans for expansion, we intend to pursue alternative
financing arrangements, including additional bank loans based on our good credit rating or funds raised through additional offerings
of our equity or debt, if and when we determine such offerings are required. Our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms
or at all is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including: 

Investors 
 perceptions of, and demand for, companies in our industry; 

Investors 
 perceptions of, and demand for, companies sourcing from China and other Asian countries; 

Conditions
 of the U.S. and other capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds; 

Our
 future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows; 

Governmental
 regulation of foreign investment in companies in particular countries; 

Economic,
 political and other conditions in the U.S., China, and other countries; and 

Governmental
 policies relating to foreign currency. 

There
is no assurance we will be successful in locating a suitable financing transaction in a timely fashion or at all. In addition, there
is no assurance we will obtain the capital we require by any other means. Future financings through equity investments are likely to
be dilutive to our existing shareholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable
for our new investors. Newly-issued securities may include preferences or superior voting rights, be combined with the issuance of warrants
or other derivative securities, or be the issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive plans, which may have additional
dilutive effects. Furthermore, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and financing, including investment banking
fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our
financial condition. If we cannot raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to carry out all or parts of
our strategy to maintain our growth and competitiveness. 

A
substantial portion of our inventory has moved slowly in terms of utilization due to the stay home and store closure orders, delay of
shipments and suspension of transportations caused by COVID-19, which has caused and might continue to cause negative impacts on our
cash flow, liquidity and financial results. 

Due
to the COVID-19 pandemic, our showrooms and stores were closed and freight transportation of products from our international suppliers
has been delayed or suspended, and a substantial portion of our inventory has moved slowly in terms of utilization. As of December 31,
2022, the Company has written-down total of 45.09 million of slow-moving inventory since 2020, mostly Jade Mats in Malaysia due to the
extension of Movement Control Order by Malaysia government which prohibits the businesses from opening to public to control the spread
of COVID-19. While our showroom and stores in Malaysia reopened since October 2021, though we cannot offer any assurances they will not
be closed again if there is any further outbreak or resurgence of COVID-19 and further closure order from local government. If we have
to write down more inventory, our cash flow, liquidity and financial results will be materially adversely affected. 

We
may experience material disruptions to our ability to acquire sufficient inventory from third-party suppliers that could result in material
delays, quality control issues, increased costs and loss of business opportunities, which may negatively impact our sales and financial
results. 

We
rely upon our third-party suppliers to produce our products and maintain sufficient inventory to meet customer demand. A material disruption
at our suppliers manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and negatively impact
our financial results. We may also experience quality control issues as we seek out new suppliers or are forced to contract with new
suppliers to meet customer demand. Any such material disruption may prevent us from shipping our products on a timely basis, reduce our
sales and market share and negatively impact our financial results. Our third-party supplier contracts are generally of annual or shorter
duration, or manufactured products are sourced on the basis of individual purchase orders. There is no assurance that we will be able
to maintain our current relationships with these parties or, if necessary, establish future arrangements with other third-party suppliers
on commercially reasonable terms. Further, while we maintain an active quality control program, we cannot assure that their manufacturing
and quality control processes will be maintained at a level sufficient to meet our inventory needs or prevent the inadvertent sale of
substandard products. While we believe that products manufactured by our current third-party suppliers could generally be procured from
alternative sources, temporary or permanent loss of services from a significant manufacturer could cause disruption in our supply chain
and operations. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Our
dependence on foreign suppliers and our increased global operations subject us to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could impact
our operations and financial results. 

In
2022, the majority of our products were purchased from foreign suppliers and manufacturers, predominantly in Asia. Our dependence on
foreign suppliers means that we may be affected by changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies. For
example, any upward valuation in the Chinese yuan or any other foreign currency against the U.S. dollar may result in higher costs to
us for those goods. Declines in foreign currencies and currency exchange rates might negatively affect the profitability and business
prospects of one or more of our foreign suppliers. This, in turn, might cause such foreign vendors to demand higher prices for products
in their effort to offset any lost profits associated with any currency devaluation, delay product shipments to us, or discontinue selling
to us, any of which could ultimately reduce our sales or increase our costs. 

We,
and our foreign suppliers, are also subject to other risks and uncertainties associated with changing economic and political conditions
worldwide. These risks and uncertainties include import duties and quotas, compliance with anti-dumping regulations, port congestion,
supply chain disruption, work stoppages, economic uncertainties and adverse economic conditions (including inflation and recession),
government regulations, employment and labor matters, wars and fears of war, political unrest, natural disasters, public health issues,
regulations to address climate change and other trade restrictions. We cannot predict whether any of the countries from which our raw
materials or products are sourced, or in which our products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be
subject to trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments or the likelihood, type or effect of any such restrictions.
Any event causing a disruption or delay of imports from foreign suppliers, including labor disputes resulting in work disruption, the
imposition of additional import restrictions, restrictions on the transfer of funds and/or increased tariffs or quotas, or both, could
increase the cost, reduce the supply of merchandise available to us, or result in excess inventory if merchandise is received after the
planned or appropriate selling season, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

A
delay in getting non-U.S.-sourced products through port operations and customs in a timely manner could result in reduced sales, canceled
sales orders and unanticipated inventory accumulation. 

Our
business depends on our ability to source and distribute products in a timely manner. As a result, we rely on the free flow of goods
through open and operational ports worldwide. Supply chain disruption and port congestions caused by COVID-19 have caused delay of shipment
and delivery of our products. Any disruptions at ports create significant risks for our business, particularly if work slowdowns, quarantines,
lockdowns, strikes or other disruptions occur during our peak importing seasons. Any of these factors could result in reduced sales,
canceled sales orders and unanticipated inventory accumulation and have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial
position and cash flows. 

Increases
in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

We
are subject to income taxes in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Increases in income tax rates
or other changes in income tax laws that apply to our business could reduce our after-tax income from such jurisdiction and could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, the United States and many of the other countries in
which our products are distributed or sold, including countries in which we have significant operations, have recently made or are actively
considering changes to existing tax laws. 

In
October 2018, the Macao Legislative Assembly has approved a bill revoking the current offshore law, to abolish the relevant legislation
on the Macao offshore business regime. Starting on January 1, 2021, the exemptions of stamp duty, professional tax (for individuals)
and complementary tax (for corporations) will no longer be available to these offshore institutions. On October 14, 2020, the Macao Trade
and Investment Promotion Institute approved that Nova Macao s offshore license became invalid under the order of Repeal of Legal
Regime of the Offshore Services by Macao Special Administrative Region. Nova Macao was de-registered and liquidated in January 2021 and
its business was taken over by Nova HK. In February 2022, Nova HK also entered into a de-registration and liquidation process and was
in the process of transferring all its assets and business to Nova Malaysia. All of Nova HK s inventory was transferred to Nova
Malaysia on February 15, 2022. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Additional
changes in the U.S. tax regime or in how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing
tax laws are interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We
are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the IRS and other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income
based taxes both within and outside the United States. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in
which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and
the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation could differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in
an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, in connection with the Organization for
Economic Co-operation and Development Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project, companies are required to disclose more information to
tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. 

We
are subject to warranty claims for our products, which could result in unexpected expense. 

Many
of our products carry warranties for defects in quality and workmanship. Historically, the amount for return of products, the discount
provided to the customers due to defects and cost for the replacement parts has been immaterial. However, we may experience significant
expense as the result of future product quality issues, product recalls or product liability claims which may have a material adverse
effect on our business. The actual costs of servicing future warranty claims may exceed our expectations and have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We
are subject to periodic litigation, product liability risk and other regulatory proceedings, which could result in unexpected expense
of time and resources. 

From
time to time, we may be a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of
litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any significant litigation,
regardless of its merits, could divert management s attention from our operations and may result in substantial legal costs. The
Company has been named in a putative securities class action case and two derivatives cases described in Item 3 below. While the Company
believes it has adequate defenses, the defense of those cases could become costly and could significantly divert management attention
from its business. 

We
may not be able to protect our product designs and other proprietary rights adequately, which could adversely affect our competitive
position and reduce the value of our products and brands, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly. 

We
attempt to strengthen and differentiate our product portfolio by developing new and innovative brands and product designs and functionality.
As a result, our trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important assets to our business. Our success will depend in part
on our ability to obtain and protect our products, methods, processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, and to operate
without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties in China, the U.S. and other international markets. Despite our efforts,
any of the following may reduce the value of our owned and used intellectual property: 

Issued
 and trademarks that we own or have the right to use may not provide us with any competitive advantages; 

Our
 efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of our intellectual property or that
 of those from whom we license our rights to use; 

Our
 efforts may not prevent the development and design by others of products or technologies similar to or competitive with, or superior
 to those we use or develop; or 

Another
 party may obtain a blocking patent and we or our licensors would need to either obtain a license or design around the patent in order
 to continue to offer the contested feature or service in our products. 

Effective
protection of intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in China or certain other countries. Policing the unauthorized
use of our proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. Litigation might be necessary to protect our intellectual property
rights, which may be costly and may divert our management s attention away from our core business. Furthermore, there is no guarantee
that litigation would result in an outcome favorable to us. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights adequately, it would have
a negative impact on our operations. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

We,
or the owners of the intellectual property rights licensed to us, may be subject to claims that we or such licensors have infringed the
proprietary rights of others, which could require us and our licensors to obtain a license or change designs. 

Although
we do not believe any of our products infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, there is no assurance that infringement or invalidity
claims (or claims for indemnification resulting from infringement claims) will not be asserted or prosecuted against us or those from
whom we have licenses or that any such assertions or prosecutions will not have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless
of whether any such claims are valid or can be asserted successfully, defending against such claims could cause us to incur significant
costs and could divert resources away from our other activities. In addition, assertion of infringement claims could result in injunctions
that prevent us from distributing our products. If any claims or actions are asserted against us or those from whom we have licenses,
we may seek to obtain a license to the intellectual property rights that are in dispute. Such a license may not be available on reasonable
terms, or at all, which could force us to change our designs. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of our operating as a public company and our management is required to devote substantial time to
compliance with the regulatory requirements placed on a public company. 

As
a public company with substantial operations, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. The costs of preparing and filing
annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to shareholders
is time-consuming and costly. 

It
has also been time-consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and this remains an ongoing process. Certain members of our management
have limited or no experience operating a company whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange or with the rules and
reporting practices required by the federal securities laws as applied to a publicly traded company. We have needed to recruit, hire,
train and retain additional financial reporting, internal control and other personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal
controls and reporting procedures. 

Our
ongoing investment in new products is inherently risky, and could disrupt our current operations. 

We
have invested and expect to continue to invest in new products. Our plan to market and sell high-end physiotherapeutic jade mats for
use in therapy clinics, hospitality, and real estate projects in Malaysia and other regions in Southeast Asia is a reflection of our
ongoing efforts to innovate and provide useful products in new geographical markets. Such endeavors including the investment of jade
mats in Malaysia involve significant risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new
liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate return of capital on our investments, distraction
of management from current operations, and risks and competition not discovered in our due diligence and decision making of such strategy
plans could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. Because the
development and investment in new products and markets are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such plans will be successful
and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately.
Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our business and adversely affect the trading
price of our common stock. 

We
are required to establish and maintain internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures and to comply
with other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC. Our management has concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. However,
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, cannot guarantee that our internal controls and disclosure
controls and procedures will prevent all possible errors. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no system of controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the possibility that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and subject to simple error or mistake. Furthermore,
controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management override of the
controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, measures
of control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 

We
are a holding company that depends on cash flow from our wholly owned subsidiaries to meet our obligations, and any inability of our
subsidiaries to pay us dividends or make other payments to us when needed could disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. 

We
are a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of our wholly owned subsidiaries, Diamond Bar, Nova Furniture, Nova
Samoa and Nova Malaysia. We rely on dividends paid by our subsidiaries for our cash needs, including the funds necessary to pay dividends
and other cash distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. If our subsidiaries
are unable to pay us dividends and make other payments to us when needed because of regulatory restrictions or otherwise, we may be materially
and adversely limited in our ability to make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends or otherwise
fund and conduct our business. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

We
may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms because we became public by means of a share exchange, which could
limit our ability to obtain future capital and financing. 

There
may be risks associated with our becoming public by means of a share exchange, or reverse merger with a public shell company that had
no revenues, operations or material assets prior to the time of the share exchange. Analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide
coverage for our company because there is no incentive for brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. Furthermore,
we can give no assurance that brokerage firms will, in the future, want to conduct any secondary offerings on our behalf, which could
limit our ability to obtain future capital and financing. 

The
audit report included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 was prepared by auditors who were not inspected
fully by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ), and as such, investors are deprived of the benefits
of such inspection. 

Our
former auditor, Centurion ZD CPA Co. Centurion ZD ), is required to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB as an
auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB. However, because Centurion ZD
is based in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was unable to conduct inspections before December 2022, Centurion ZD and its audit
work were not inspected independently and fully by the PCAOB. 

Inspections
of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside Hong Kong have at times identified deficiencies in those auditors audit procedures
and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The lack of
PCAOB inspections of audit work prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor s audits and its quality control procedures.
As a result, investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections and may lose confidence in our reported financial information
and procedures and the quality of our financial statements. 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020. In accordance with the HFCA Act, trading
in securities of any registrant on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States may
be prohibited if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate the registrant s auditor for three consecutive
years beginning in 2021, and, as a result, an exchange may determine to delist the securities of such registrant. On June 22, 2021, the
U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the AHFCA Act ), which, if enacted, would
amend the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor
is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. On December 29, 2022, a legislation entitled Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2023 (the Consolidated Appropriations Act ), was signed into law by President Biden. The Consolidated
Appropriations Act contained, among other things, an identical provision to Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which
reduces the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act from three years to
two, thus reducing the time period before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted if our auditor is unable to meet
the PCAOB inspection requirement. 

On
December 2, 2021, SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. The
rules apply to registrants the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting
firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate (the Commission-Identified
Issuers ). A Commission-Identified Issuer will be required to comply with the submission and disclosure requirements in the annual
report for each year in which it was identified. If a registrant is identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer based on its annual
report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the registrant will be required to comply with the submission or disclosure requirements
in its annual report filing covering the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued its determinations (the Determination that they are unable to inspect or investigate
completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong. The Determination includes lists
of public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely.
Centurion ZD CPA Co. is headquartered in Hong Kong and was included in the PCAOB Determinations. 

As
a result, we will be required to comply with the submission or disclosure requirements in our annual report filing covering the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 and our securities may be prohibited from trading on Nasdaq or another U.S. stock exchange if our auditor
is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years as specified in the HFCA Act and Consolidated Appropriations Act, and this ultimately
could result in our shares of common stock being delisted from Nasdaq. The market price of our shares could be materially adversely affected
as a result of anticipated negative impacts of these actions upon, as well as negative investor sentiment towards, companies whose auditors
are not inspected fully by the PCAOB, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company dismissed its independent accountant, Centurion ZD. On
October 6, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of the Company, resolved to,
and did, cause the Company to engage WWC, P.C. WWC as the Company s independent auditor for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2022. WWC is located in the United States and has not been identified by the PCAOB as a firm that the PCAOB is unable to
fully inspect and investigate. 

On
December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary.
However, should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will
consider the need to issue a new determination. 

If
it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor because of a position taken by an authority
in a foreign jurisdiction or any other reasons, the lack of inspection could cause the trading in our securities to be prohibited under
HFCA Act and Consolidated Appropriations Act, and as a result Nasdaq may delist our securities. If our shares of common stock are unable
to be listed on another securities exchange, such a delisting would substantially impair our shareholders ability to sell or purchase
their shares when they wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative impact
on the price of our shares of common stock. Further, new laws and regulations or changes in laws and regulations in both the United States,
China and Hong Kong could affect our ability to list our shares on Nasdaq, which could materially impair the market for and market price
for our shares. 

If
relations between the U.S. and China worsen, our business could be adversely affected as we have to find new suppliers and manufacturers
out of China. 

Political
tensions between the United States and China have escalated due to, among other things, trade disputes, the COVID-19 outbreak, sanctions
imposed by the U.S. Department of Treasury on certain officials of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and the central government
of the PRC and the executive orders issued by then U.S. President that prohibit certain transactions with certain Chinese companies and
their applications. Rising political tensions could reduce levels of trades, investments, technological exchanges and other economic
activities between the two major economies, which would have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability
of global financial markets. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. Controversies may arise in the future between these two countries. These controversies also could make it
more difficult for us to provide our products to our customers in the U.S. and China. The international trade policies of China and the
U.S. could adversely affect our business, and the imposition of trade sanctions relating to imports, taxes, import duties and other charges
on imports from China, including those applied specifically to furniture products, or the imposition of taxes, import duties or other
charges on exports to the U.S. could increase our costs and decrease our earnings. Due to an increase in tariffs imposed by the U.S.,
some customers are seeking alternative resources instead of China, which has negatively affected the purchase orders and our sales as
we mainly resource our products from China. In order to avoid these new tariffs, the market has shifted towards an uncertain era. The
Company started to source certain of its new products from manufacturers in India in 2020. Sales during this stage may also be impacted
by this shift in behavior. The U.S. government currently has increased tariffs from 25 . During this time period our company will continue
to seek alternatives and new resources to increase the revenue. If and to the extent we are not able to mitigate the effects of such
trade or tariff policies, our operations may be adversely affected. 

Our
compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act may put us at a competitive disadvantage, while our failure to comply with the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act may result in substantial penalties. 

We
are required to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, which prohibits U.S. companies from engaging
in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Although we inform our
personnel that such practices are illegal, we cannot assure you that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for
which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe
penalties. Non-U.S. companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to the provisions of the FCPA. Corruption, extortion,
bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time to time in mainland China and other Asian countries that we conduct
business. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of some companies, giving
our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in obtaining new licenses,
which would put us at a disadvantage. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

Our
shares may be delisted under the HFCA Act and related regulations if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditor, and the delisting of
our shares, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. 

The
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCA Act states if the SEC determines that we have filed
audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive
years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit our shares from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter
trading market in the United States. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the AHFCA Act, which, if enacted, would amend the HFCA
Act and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject
to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. On December 29, 2022, a legislation entitled the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, was signed into law by President Biden. The Consolidated Appropriations Act contained, among other things, an identical provision
to AHFCA Act, which reduces the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCA Act
from three years to two, thus reducing the time period before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted if our auditor
is unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement. 

Our
financial statements contained in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 have been audited by Centurion
ZD, an independent registered public accounting firm that is headquartered in Hong Kong. Centurion ZD, is a firm registered with the
PCAOB, and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of
the U.S. and professional standards. However, because Centurion ZD. is based in Hong Kong, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was unable
to conduct inspections without the approval before December 2022, Centurion ZD and its audit work were not inspected independently and
fully by the PCAOB. 

On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued its determinations (the Determination that they are unable to inspect or investigate
completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong. The Determination includes lists
of public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely.
Centurion ZD is headquartered in Hong Kong and was included in the PCAOB Determinations. 

On
October 7, 2022, the Company dismissed its independent accountant, Centurion ZD. On
October 6, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of the Company, resolved to,
and did, cause the Company to engage WW as the Company s independent auditor for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. WWC
is located in the United States and has not been identified by the PCAOB as a firm that the PCAOB is unable to fully inspect and investigate. 

On
December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary.
However, should PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB s access in the future, the PCAOB Board will
consider the need to issue a new determination. 

If
PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditor, it could cause the trading in our securities to be prohibited under
the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act and related regulations, and as a result Nasdaq may delist our securities. If our securities
are unable to be listed on another securities exchange, such a delisting would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase
our securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative impact
on the price of our ordinary shares. Further, new laws and regulations or changes in laws and regulations could affect our ability to
list our securities on Nasdaq, which could materially impair the market for and market price for our securities. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

The
market price for our common stock may be volatile, which could make it more difficult or impossible for an investor to sell our common
stock for a positive return on their investment. 

The
trading price of our common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors
include, but are not limited to, our quarterly operating results or the operating results of other companies in our industry, announcements
by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, product improvements, commercial relationships, intellectual property, legal,
regulatory or other business developments and changes in financial estimates or recommendations by stock market analysts regarding us
or our competitors. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for companies that became public by means of a reverse acquisition
with a public shell company in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant
effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated or disproportionate to their operating performance.
These broad market fluctuations may materially affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results. Furthermore, the market for
our common stock historically has been limited and we cannot assure you that a larger market will ever be developed or maintained. Market
fluctuations and volatility, as well as general economic, market and political conditions, could reduce our market price. As a result,
these factors may make it more difficult or impossible for you to sell our common stock for a positive return on your investment. 

Shares
of our common stock lack a significant trading market, which could make it more difficult for an investor to sell our common stock. 

Our
common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. However, there is no assurance that an active trading market in our common stock
will be sustained. As a result, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock. 

If
we fail to continue to meet the listing standards of NASDAQ, our common stock may be delisted, which could have a material adverse effect
on the liquidity of our common stock. 

Our
common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC has requirements that a company must meet
in order to remain listed on NASDAQ. In particular, NASDAQ rules require us to maintain a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share of our
common stock. The Company was notified on January 18, 2019 that pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), it was afforded 180 calendar
days to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement and was also provided an additional 180 days grace period. On December
18, 2019, we filed a Certificate of Change with the Secretary of State of Nevada with an effective date of December 20, 2019 to effect
a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of the Company s common stock to meet the 1.00 per share minimum closing bid price requirement.
On January 9, 2020, we received a written notification from the NASDAQ Stock Market Listing Qualifications Staff indicating that the
Company has regained compliance with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

On
June 24, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that, because the closing bid price for the Company s
common stock listed on Nasdaq was below 1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company no longer meets the minimum bid price requirement
for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share (the
 Minimum Bid Price Requirement ). T he
Company has a period of 180 calendar days from the date of notification, until December 21, 2022 (the Compliance Period ),
to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. On December 22, 2022, the Company received a written notification from the
Nasdaq indicating that the Company has been granted an additional 180 calendar day period or until June 19, 2023, to regain compliance
with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement for continued listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule.
If compliance cannot be demonstrated by June 19, 2023, Nasdaq will provide written notification that the Company s securities will
be delisted. At that time, the Company may appeal the Staff s determination to a Hearings Panel (the Panel of NASDAQ. 

In
addition, we may be unable to meet other applicable NASDAQ listing requirements, including maintaining minimum levels of stockholders 
equity or market values of our common stock in which case, our common stock could be delisted. If our common stock were to be delisted,
the liquidity of our common stock would be materially adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decrease. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Future
sales of shares of our common stock by our shareholders could cause our stock price to decline. 

Future
sales of shares of our common stock could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our stock. As of March 15, 2023, Steven Qiang
Liu, our largest shareholder and vice president of the Company, owned approximately 27.9 of our outstanding shares of common
stock. If Mr. Liu sells a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our stock could decline.
Moreover, the perception in the public market that significant shareholders might sell shares of our stock could depress the market for
our shares. If such shareholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, such sales could create a circumstance
commonly referred to as an overhang, in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence
of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

We
may issue additional shares of our common stock or debt securities to raise capital or complete acquisitions, which would reduce the
equity interest of our shareholders. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, authorize the issuance of up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share.
As of December 31, 2022, there were 7,880,820 authorized and unissued shares of our common stock available for future
issuance, based on 7,119,180 shares of our common stock outstanding. Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this report to issue our securities, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of our common stock or debt securities
to complete a business combination or to raise capital. On October 8, 2020, we renewed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under
which we may, from time to time, sell securities in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of 60,000,000. The shelf registration
statement was declared effective as of October 15, 2020. On July 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with
certain institutional investors for the sale by the Company of 1,114,508 shares of the Company s common stock (the Common
Stock ), at a purchase price of 2.80 per share. Concurrently with the sale of the Common Shares, the Company also sold warrants
to purchase 1,114,508 shares of Common Stock. The Common Shares were offered and sold by the Company pursuant to the shelf registration
statement on Form S-3 and the Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants were sold without registration under the
Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The gross proceeds of the offering
were 3,120,622 before deducting placement agent s commissions and other offering costs, and the net proceeds of the offering were
approximately 2,760,000. The offering closed on July 27, 2021. 

The
issuance of additional shares of our common stock may significantly reduce the equity interest of our existing shareholders and adversely
affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will
depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the Board of Directors may
consider relevant. We are a holding company that depends on cash flow from our wholly owned subsidiaries to meet our obligations, and
any inability of our subsidiaries to pay us dividends or make other payments to us when needed could disrupt or have a negative impact
on our business. Our management intends to follow a policy of retaining all of our earnings to finance the development and execution
of our strategy and the expansion of our business. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return
on your investment will occur only if our stock price appreciates. 

Our
principal shareholders have the ability to exert significant control in matters requiring a shareholder vote and could delay, deter or
prevent a change of control in our company. 

As
of March 15, 2023, Steven Qiang Liu, our largest shareholder, owned approximately 27.9 of our outstanding shares of common
stock. Mr. Liu may exert significant influence over us, giving him the ability, among other things, to exercise significant control over
the election of all or a majority of the Board of Directors and to approve significant corporate transactions that require the shareholders 
approval. Such share ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a
merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of our company. Without the consent of Mr. Liu, we could be prevented from entering into potentially beneficial
transactions if such transactions conflict with our principal shareholder s interests. As an officer of the Company, Mr. Liu owes
a fiduciary duty to our shareholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our
shareholders. As a shareholder, Mr. Liu is entitled to vote his shares in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests
of our shareholders. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Provisions
in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Amended and Restated Bylaws could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions
against our directors or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors
or officers in any such actions. 

Members
of our Board of Directors and our officers may have no liability for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer,
except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Amended and Restated Bylaws as authorized
by the Nevada Revised Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that a director or officer is not
individually liable to the company or its shareholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or
her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that (1) the director s or officer s act or failure to act constituted
a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (2) his or her breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct,
fraud or a knowing violation of law. This provision is intended to afford directors and officers protection against and to limit their
potential liability for monetary damages resulting from suits alleging a breach of the duty of care by a director or officer. Accordingly,
you may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers even if they have breached their duty of care. In addition,
our Amended and Restated Bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and officers from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses
resulting from their acting in such capacities with us. This means that if you were able to enforce an action against our directors or
officers, in all likelihood, we would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement
they otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial resources and may
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect prevailing market prices
for our common stock. 

Short
sellers of our stock may be manipulative and may drive down the market price of our common stock. 

Short
selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed or intends to borrow from a third
party with the intention of buying identical securities at a later date to return to the lender. A short seller hopes to profit from
a decline in the value of the securities between the sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the
short seller expects to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. Since it is in the short seller s interest for
the price of the stock to decline, some short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of, opinions or characterizations regarding
the relevant issuer, its business prospects and similar matters calculated to or which may create negative market momentum, which may
permit them to obtain profits for themselves as a result of selling the stock short. Issuers whose securities have historically had limited
trading volumes and/or have been susceptible to relatively high volatility levels can be particularly vulnerable to such short seller
attacks. On December 21, 2018, Seeking Alpha published a report that contained various false allegations against the Company, which has
driven down the market price of our common stock. The author of that article disclosed that he had accumulated a short position in the
Company s common stock prior to the publication of the article. As of December 31, 2018, the closing price of our common stock
as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market was 2.30, representing a decrease of 1.55 compared to 3.85, the closing price of our common
stock as of December 20, 2018. 

Although
we have timely responded to the false allegations set forth in the Seeking Alpha article, we cannot assure you that false, misleading
and/or defamatory articles will not be published again in the future. The publication of any such commentary regarding us in the future
may bring about a temporary, or long term, decline in the market price of our common stock. No assurances can be made that similar declines
in the market price of our common stock will not occur in the future, in connection with such commentary by short sellers or otherwise. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal executive offices and those of Diamond Bar are in leased office space with showroom, distribution and warehouse space in Commerce,
California. Diamond Bar also maintains showrooms in leased space at Las Vegas Market in Nevada and High Point Market in North Carolina.
Nova Macao leased office space in Macao even it entered the de-registration procedure. We terminated the Nova Macao s lease in
2021. Nova HK did not have a lease and shared an office with an unrelated third party. Nova Malaysia is in leased office space with showroom,
service center and warehouse space in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. 

We
believe that our existing office and distribution facilities are adequate for current and presently foreseeable operations. In general,
our properties are well maintained, considered adequate and being utilized for their intended purposes. See Note 15 to our consolidated
financial statements contained herein, which discloses lease agreements. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

On
December 28, 2018, a federal putative class action complaint was filed by George Barney against the Company and its former and current
CEOs and CFOs (Thanh H. Lam, Ya Ming Wong, Jeffery Chuang and Yuen Ching Ho) in the United States District Court for the Central District
of California, claiming the Company violated federal securities laws and pursuing remedies under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 (the Barney Action ). Richard Deutner and ITENT EDV were subsequently appointed as lead
plaintiffs and, on June 18, 2019, filed an Amended Complaint. 

Plaintiffs
seek to represent a class of entities acquiring Nova s stock from December 3, 2015 through December 20, 2018. They claim that during
this period the Company: (1) overstated its purported strategic alliance with a customer in China to operate as lead designer and manufacturer
for all furnishings in its planned 460 million senior care center in China; and (2) inflated sales in 2016 and 2017 by recognizing significant
sales to two allegedly non-existent customers. Plaintiffs claim that the falsity of these representations was exposed in a blog posted
on the Seeking Alpha website in which it was claimed that an investigation failed to confirm the existence of several entities
identified as significant customers. 

On
March 8, 2022, the parties to the Barney Action filed a Stipulation of Settlement Settlement with the Court. Under the
terms of the Settlement, and without admitting to any wrongdoing, fault, or liability, the Company agreed to a payment of 750,000 to
completely resolve the Barney Action. The 750,000 would be funded by the remainder of any retention under applicable directors and officer
liability insurance with the remainder paid by the directors and officer liability insurer. The settlement provides for the class members 
complete release of all claims against the Company and the named defendants with respect to any of the matters alleged in the litigation.
The Settlement was subject to various conditions, including preliminary approval by the Court, notice to all class members, an opt-out
period, and a final hearing and approval by the Court. 

By
Memorandum Opinion and Order dated August 29, 2022, the Court denied the Barney plaintiffs unopposed Motion to Certify
a Settlement Class and to Approve the Settlement. The Court held that plaintiffs had not met their burden of establishing the prerequisites
to class certification of adequacy of class counsel, numerosity, and the superiority of class certification in fairly and efficiently
adjudicating the controversy. The Court similarly concluded that plaintiffs had failed to make a threshold showing that the settlement
was fair and adequate. Finally, the Court rejected plaintiffs proposed plan for providing notice of the settlement to putative
class members, finding that it was inadequate under the circumstances. 

On
March 8, 2019, in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, Jie Yuan (the Jie Action filed
a putative shareholder derivative lawsuit purportedly on behalf of the Company against its former and current CEOs and CFOs (Thanh H.
Lam, Ya Ming Wong, Jeffery Chuang and Yuen Ching Ho) and directors (Charlie Huy La, Bin Liu, Umesh Patel, and Min Su) and vice president
(Steven Qiang Liu) (collectively, the Defendants seeking to recover any losses the Company sustains as a result of alleged
securities violations outlined in the Seeking Alpha blog and Barney securities class action complaint. Specifically, the
derivative lawsuit alleges that the Defendants caused the Company to make the alleged false and/or misleading statements giving rise
to the putative securities class action. The Plaintiff also alleges that President and CEO Lam engaged in self-dealing transactions by
leasing her property to Diamond Bar, a Company subsidiary, and asserts, in conclusory fashion, that Lam, former CEO and director Ya Ming
Wong, former CFO and director Yuen Ching Ho, and director Umesh Patel sold securities during the period of time when the alleged false
and/or misleading statements were made with knowledge of material non-public information. 

On
May 15, 2019, Wilson Samuels (the Samuels Action filed a putative derivative complaint purportedly on behalf of the Company
against the same current and former directors and officers named in the Jie Action other than Steven Qiang Liu. That action was filed
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Samuels repeats the allegations of the Complaint in the Jie
Action. Additionally, Samuels claims that, in announcing its change of auditing firms in September 2016, the Company asserted that this
change was made because its existing auditor ceased auditing public companies subject to regulation in the United States without disclosing
that its new auditing firm was created in a merger of three accounting firms, including a firm whose registration was revoked by the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Samuels also claims that the Company redeemed its stock in reliance upon the same purported
fraudulent recognition of revenues claimed in the putative class action. Samuels purports to state direct claims under Sections 10(b)
and 20 of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5. 

On
March 3, 2020, the defendants filed motions to stay the derivative actions until the Barney Action is resolved or alternatively to dismiss
on the grounds that plaintiffs failure to make demand upon the Board of Directors was not excused and the Complaints otherwise
fail to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. By Order entered April 7, 2020, the Court granted defendants Motion to
Stay and stayed the Jie Action until the Barney Action is resolved. The Court subsequently entered a similar Order in the Samuels Action.
It also took a motion that the derivative plaintiffs filed to consolidate the proceedings and appoint lead counsel off calendar. 

With
the settlement of the Barney action, the derivative actions will be activated. The parties disagree as to when that will occur. Defendants
have asserted that the Action must remained stayed until the final disposition of the Barney Action, meaning, the Court s final
approval of the Settlement. Plaintiff s position is that the Court should lift the stay because the class action plaintiffs agreed
to settle the case. The Court has yet to address this issue. 

While
these derivative actions are purportedly asserted on behalf of the Company, when they are subsequently activated, it is possible that
the Company may directly incur attorneys fees and costs in advancing the costs of defense for its current directors and officers
pursuant to contractual and legal indemnity obligations. The Company believes there is no basis to the derivative complaints and they
will be vigorously defended if necessary. 

Other
than the above, the Company is not currently a party to any legal proceeding, investigation or claim which, in the opinion of the management,
is likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Since
January 17, 2014, our common stock has been quoted on The NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol NVFY. On April 14, 2023, the closing price for our common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market was 0.60 per share. 

Holders
of Record 

On April 12, 2023, there were approximately 47 holders of record based on information provided by our transfer
agent. Many of our shares of common stock are held in street or nominee name by brokers and other institutions on behalf of shareholders
and we are unable to estimate the total number of shareholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividend
Policy 

Dividends
may be declared and paid out of legally available funds at the discretion of our Board of Directors. We do not anticipate or contemplate
paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The timing, amount and form of dividends, if any, will depend on, among
other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors.
We currently intend to utilize all available funds to develop our business. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
required. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Safe
Harbor Declaration 

The
following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in
or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly under the heading Risk Factors. 

Overview 

Nova
LifeStyle, Inc. is a distributor of contemporary styled residential and commercial furniture incorporated into a dynamic marketing and
sales platform offering retail as well as online selection and global purchase fulfillment. We monitor popular trends and products to
create design elements that are then integrated into our product lines that can be used as both stand-alone or whole-room and home furnishing
solutions. Through our global network of retailers, e-commerce platforms, stagers and hospitality providers, Nova LifeStyle also sells
(through an exclusive third-party manufacturing partner) a managed variety of high quality bedding foundation components. 

Nova
LifeStyle s brand family currently includes Nova LifeStyle, Diamond Sofa www.diamondsofa.com and Nova Living. 

Our
customers principally consist of distributors and retailers with specific geographic territories that deploy middle to high end private
label home furnishings which have very little competitive overlap with our specific furnishing products or product lines. Nova LifeStyle
is constantly seeking to integrate new sources of distribution and manufacturing that are properly aligned with our growth strategy.
This allows us to continually focus on building both our overall distribution and manufacturing relationships through a deployment of
popular, as well as trend-based, furnishing solutions worldwide. 

We are a U.S. holding company with no material assets
in the U.S. other than the ownership interests of our wholly owned subsidiaries through which we market, design and sell residential and
commercial furniture worldwide: Nova Furniture Limited domiciled in the British Virgin Islands Nova Furniture ), Nova Furniture
Ltd. domiciled in Samoa Nova Samoa ), Diamond Bar Outdoors, Inc. domiciled in California Diamond Bar ), Nova
Living (M) SDN. BHD. domiciled in Malaysia Nova Malaysia and Nova Living (HK) Group Limited domiciled in Hong Kong Nova
HK ). The Company had three former subsidiaries Bright Swallow International Group Limited domiciled in Hong Kong Bright
Swallow or BSI which was sold in January 2020, and Nova Furniture Macao Commercial Offshore Limited domiciled in
Macao Nova Macao which was de-registration and liquidation in January 2021. In February 2022, Nova HK entered a de-registration
process and transferred all its assets and business to Nova Malaysia. The process of de-registration and liquidation was completed in
February 2023. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

On December 7, 2017, we incorporated i Design Blockchain
Technology, Inc. i Design under the laws of the State of California. The purpose of i Design is to build our own blockchain
technology team. i Design is in the planning stage and has had minimum operations to date. On December 12, 2019, we became the sole shareholder
of Nova Living (M) SDN. BHD. Nova Malaysia ), a company incorporated on July 26, 2019 under the laws of Malaysia. Nova Malaysia
markets and sells high-end physiotherapeutic jade mats for use in therapy clinics, hospitality, and real estate projects in Malaysia and
other regions in Southeast Asia. 

On
January 7, 2020, we transferred our entire interest in Bright Swallow to Y-Tone (Worldwide) Limited an unrelated third party, for cash
consideration of 2,500,000. We received the payment on May 11, 2020. 

On
October 14, 2020, Nova Macao s offshore license was invalidated by the Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Institute under the
order of Repeal of Legal Regime of the Offshore Services by Macao Special Administrative Region. Nova Macao was de-registration and liquidation
in January 2021 and its business was taken over by Nova HK. Nova Macao completed the de-registration and liquidation process in January
2021. 

On
November 5, 2020, Nova LifeStyle, Inc. acquired Nova Living (HK) Group Limited Nova HK which was incorporated in Hong
Kong on November 6, 2019. This company had minimal operations. In February 2022, Nova HK entered a de-registration process and transferred
all its assets and business to Nova Malaysia. The process of de-registration and liquidation was completed in February 2023. 

Our
experience developing and marketing products for international markets has enabled us to develop the scale, logistics, marketing, manufacturing
efficiencies and design expertise that serve as the foundation for us to expand aggressively into the highly attractive U.S., Canada,
Honduras, Guatemala, Guam, Puerto Rico, Panama, Costa Rica, Saudi Arabia, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Asian
and Middle Eastern markets. 

Due to the imposition of significant trade
tariffs on importation from China to the United States and the adverse effect such policies have on our operations, we are actively pursuing
alternative product lines with positive growth potential. One such area pertains to the health-oriented furniture segment which continues
to experience popularity, particularly in Asia. Since the second quarter of 2019, we have developed a line of high-end physiotherapeutic
jade mats with China-based manufacturing partners for use in therapy clinics, hospitality, and real estate projects in Asia. We launched
our first flagship showroom/retail store in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in late 2019, which, after a COVID-19 related closing, was reopened
in May 2020. On August 28, 2020, after few months reopening, Malaysia government extended Movement Control Order to prohibit the businesses
to open to public until March 5, 2021 to contain the spread of COVID-19. After the re-opening on March 5, 2021, Malaysia imposed a new
nationwide lockdown on May 12, 2021 until early June 2021 which was subsequently extended to early October 2021. In October 2021, the
Order was lifted for people who are fully vaccinated and our store has been reopened since. In April 2022, Malaysia has reopened the border
for foreign visitors. We have limited experience with operations in Southeast Asia and considerable management attention and resources may be required to manage
these new markets and product lines. We may be subject to additional risks including credit risk, currency exchange rate fluctuations,
foreign exchange controls, import and export requirements, potentially adverse tax consequences and higher costs associated with doing
business internationally. 

Beginning in early 2020, a strain of novel coronavirus COVID-19 has spread globally including the U.S. and Malaysia. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the
COVID-19 a pandemic. In response to the evolving dynamics related to the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company has been following the guidelines
of local authorities as it prioritizes the health and safety of its employees, contractors, suppliers and retail partners. The Company s
two showrooms and warehouse in Malaysia was closed from March, 2020 to May, 2020. The Los Angeles facility closed on March 16, 2020 and
reopened in full operation on June 1, 2020. On May 12, 2020, the Company s Kuala Lumpur office and warehouse reopened for business.
On August 28, 2020, the Malaysia government extended the shutdown order to all business until March 5, 2021. After the re-opening on March
5, 2021, Malaysia government imposed a new nationwide lockdown on May 12, 2021 until early June 2021 which was subsequently extended to
early October 2021. In October 2021, the Order was lifted for people who are fully vaccinated and our store has been reopened since. In
April 2022, Malaysia has reopened the border for foreign visitors. The third-party contract manufacturers that the Company utilizes in
China were closed from the beginning of the Lunar New Year Holiday at the end of January 2020 through the beginning of March 2020. Certain
of the Company s new products are being sourced from manufacturers in India starting in 2020. The factories in India suspended their
operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic during March through early May 2020. Currently, the factories in India are open for operations.
Shipping of products from Asia has experienced significant delays since the onset of the pandemic and the costs of shipping from Asia
have increased since the onset. In June 2022, all the shipping and related costs from Asia have been back to normal. Finally, the Company
expects that the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the United States and world economies will continue to have a material adverse impact
on the demand for its products. Because of the significant uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, the extent of the future business
interruption and the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

We
do not have access to a revolving credit facility. On May 4, 2020, the Company received loan proceeds in the amount of approximately
 139,802 under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic
Security Act CARES Act ), provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly
payroll expenses of the qualifying business. On May 5, 2020, Diamond Bar Outdoors Inc. Diamond Bar was granted a loan
from Cathay Bank in the aggregate amount of 176,294, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program. In June 19, 2020, Diamond Bar was
granted a U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) loan in the aggregate amount of 150,000, pursuant to the Economic Injury Disaster
Loan. In July 2021, we completed a registered direct offering of our shares of common stock and received offering gross proceeds of 3,120,622.
We currently believe that our financial resources will be adequate to finance our operations through the outbreak. However, in the event
that we do need to raise capital in the future, the outbreak-related instability in the securities markets could adversely affect our
ability to raise additional capital. 

While
there can be no assurance, at the present time we expect the outbreak-related circumstances to result in material impairments of our
inventory of Jade Mattress in Malaysia that significantly affect management s judgements in assessing the fair value of our assets. 

Discontinued
Operations 

On February
15, 2022, we transferred our entire assets and business of Nova HK to Nova
Malaysia, one of our subsidiaries. O perations of Nova HK were reported as discontinued
operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. 

Principal
Factors Affecting Our Financial Performance 

At the beginning of 2019, we commenced a transition
of our business. We began moving away from low margin products. This move was intended to improve our gross profit margin, receivable
collections and net profitability, and to increase our return on long-term equity. We decided to terminate sales and marketing efforts
to customers that represented a high purchase volume but low profit margin, and we adjusted our product line, which included the launch
of our Summer 2019 Collection in the Las Vegas Market, with a view to attracting a higher-end ultimate customer. We believe these new
strategies, will provide us with significant long term growth opportunities. The transition has and is expected to continue to adversely
impact our revenue and our net profit in the short-term as we roll out new products and market those products to our existing client base
and to new potential customers better suited for the higher end products, and as we assess our new products market acceptance.
Significant factors that we believe could affect our operating results are the (i) prices of our products to our international retailer
and wholesaler customers and their markups to end consumers; (ii) general economic conditions in the U.S., Chinese, and other international
markets; and (iii) trade tariffs imposed by the United States on certain products manufactured in China; and (iv) the consequences of
the COVID-19 outbreak throughout the world; and (v) delays in the receipt of shipments of our products from Asia and increased costs of
shipping from Asia. We believe most of our customers are willing to pay for our high quality and stylish products, timely delivery, and
strong production capacity at price levels which we expect will allow us to maintain a relatively high gross profit margin for our products.
We do not manufacture our products, but instead we utilize third-party manufacturers. In response to the tariffs imposed by the United
States on certain products manufactured in China, we are in the process of shifting a portion of our product manufacturing from third-party
manufacturers located in China to third-party manufacturers located in other parts of Asia, such as Vietnam, India and/or Malaysia, countries
unaffected by the tariffs. Implementation of a relocation of manufacturing (which by necessity includes an assessment of the factory s
ability to deliver the quantity of the product, in accordance with the Company s specifications, and in accordance with the Company s
quality control requirements) is time-consuming, but a portion of our manufacturing has been transitioned to Malaysia and India starting
in 2020 and we expect that more of our manufacturing will be transitioned to one or more of these venues. Some of our manufacturing will
continue to be performed in China because the intellectual know-how necessary to manufacture certain products is not generally available
in other Asian countries. Consumer preference trends favoring high quality and stylish products and lifestyle-based furniture suites should
also allow us at least to maintain our gross profit margins. The markets in North America (excluding the United States) remains challenging
because such markets are experiencing a slow-down and may be entering a recession due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

While
our significant accounting policies are described more fully in Note 2 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements, we believe
the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this Management s Discussion
and Analysis. 

There
have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates
described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP for Nova LifeStyle and its subsidiaries, Diamond Bar, i Design, Nova Furniture, Nova Samoa, Nova Malaysia, Nova HK and its former subsidiary,
Nova Macao. 

Use
of Estimates 

In
preparing consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements,
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates and assumptions made by us,
include but are not limited to, revenue recognition, the allowance for bad debt, valuation of inventories, the valuation of stock-based
compensation, income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, assumptions used in assessing
impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts
Receivable 

Our
accounts receivable arises from product sales. We do not adjust receivables for the effects of a significant financing component at contract
inception if we expect to collect the receivables in one year or less from the time of sale. We do not expect to collect receivables
greater than one year from the time of sale. Our policy is to maintain an allowance for potential credit losses on accounts receivable.
We review the composition of accounts receivable and analyze historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness,
current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. We maintained an allowance
for bad debt of 2,914 and 1,044 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
bad debts provision (reversal) from continuing operations were 1,870 and 4,157), respectively. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, bad debt expenses from discontinued operations were 0. As of December 31, 2022, we had gross receivable of 291,392 of
which 208,134 was over 90 days past due. The allowance for doubtful accounts is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
in our existing trade accounts receivable. We determine the allowance based on historical bad debt experience, customer concentrations,
customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Advances
to Suppliers 

Advances
to suppliers represent amounts paid to suppliers in advance for goods that are yet to be delivered and from which future economic benefits
are expected to flow to the Company within the normal operating cycle. Based on our historical records and in normal circumstances, we
generally receive goods within 4 to 6 months from the date the advance payment is made. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the freight transportation
of the products from our international suppliers have been delayed or suspended during the outbreak. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are accounted for using an asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end
based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates, applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable
income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

We
follow ASC Topic 740, which prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax
position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740 also provides guidance on recognition of income tax assets and
liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated
with tax positions, accounting for income taxes in interim periods, and income tax disclosures. 

Under
the provisions of ASC Topic 740, when tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination
by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position
that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which,
based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination,
including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more
than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. 

Nova
Lifestyle, Inc. and Diamond Bar are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Nova Furniture BVI was incorporated in the BVI, and
Nova Samoa was incorporated in Samoa. There is no income tax for companies domiciled in the BVI and Samoa. Accordingly, the Company s
consolidated financial statements do not present any income tax provisions related to the BVI and Samoa tax jurisdictions where Nova
Furniture BVI and Nova Samoa are domiciled. Nova Malaysia was incorporated in Malaysia and is subject to Malaysia income taxes. Nova
HK was incorporated in Hong Kong and was subject to Hong Kong income taxes. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Act created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings such as global intangible
low-taxed income GILTI under IRC Section 951A, which is effective for the Company for tax years beginning after January
1, 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has calculated its best estimate of the impact of the GILTI in its income
tax provision in accordance with its understanding of the Act and guidance available as of the date of this filing. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenues when our customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount that reflects the consideration which
it expects to receive in exchange for those goods. We recognize revenues following the five step model prescribed under ASU No. 2014-09:
(i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction
price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenues when (or as) we
satisfy the performance obligation. 

Revenue
from product sales is recognized when the customer obtains control of our product, which typically occurs upon delivery to the customer.
We expense incremental costs of obtaining a contract as and when incurred if the expected amortization period of the asset that it would
have recognized is one year or less or the amount is immaterial. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Revenue
from product sales is recorded net of reserves established for applicable discounts and allowances that are offered within contracts
with our customers. 

Product
revenue reserves, which are classified as a reduction in product revenues, are generally characterized in the following categories: discounts,
returns and rebates. These reserves are based on estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales and are classified
as reductions of accounts receivable as the amount is payable to our customer. 

Our
sales policy allows for the return of product within the warranty period if the product is defective and the defects are our fault. As
alternatives for the product return option, the customers have the option of asking us for a discount for products with quality issues,
or of receiving replacement parts from us at no cost. The amount of reserves for return of products, the discount provided to the customers,
and cost for the replacement parts were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs are recorded
within selling expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. 

Foreign
Currency Translation and Transactions 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollar or USD ), which is
also the functional currency of Nova LifeStyle, Nova Furniture, Nova Samoa, Diamond Bar, Nova HK and i Design. 

The
Company s subsidiary with operations in Malaysia uses its local currency, Malaysian Ringgit RM ), as its functional
currency. An entity s functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates, which is normally
the currency of the environment in which the entity primarily generates and expends cash. Management s judgment is essential to
determine the functional currency by assessing various indicators, such as cash flows, sales price and market, expenses, financing and
inter-company transactions and arrangements. 

Foreign
currency transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using
the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at
the balance sheet date are re-measured at the applicable rates of exchange in effect at that date. Gains and losses resulting from foreign
currency re-measurement are included in the statements of operations. 

The
financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the current exchange rate
in effect at the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses are translated at the average of the exchange rates in effect during the
reporting period. Stockholders equity accounts are translated using the historical exchange rates at the date the entry to stockholders 
equity was recorded, except for the change in retained earnings during the period, which is translated using the historical exchange
rates used to translate each period s income statement. Differences resulting from translating functional currencies to the reporting
currency are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in the balance sheets. 

Translation
of amounts from RM into U.S. dollars has been made at the following exchange rates: 

Balance sheet items, except for equity accounts 

December 31, 2022 
 RM4.40
 to 1 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 RM4.18
 to 1 

Income statement and cash flow items 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 RM4.40
 to 1 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 RM4.14
 to 1 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Segment
Reporting 

ASC
Topic 280, Segment Reporting, requires use of the management approach model for segment reporting. The management
approach model is based on the way a company s chief operating decision maker organizes segments within the company for making
operating decisions, assessing performance and allocating resources. Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography,
legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company. 

We
determined that our operations constitute a single reportable segment in accordance with ASC 280. We operate exclusively in one business
and industry segment: the design and sale of furniture. 

We concluded that we had one reportable segment under
ASC 280 because Diamond Bar is a furniture distributor based in California focusing on customers in the US, Nova Macao was a furniture
distributor based in Macao focusing on international customers, Nova HK is a furniture distributor based in Hong Kong focusing on international
customers and Nova Malaysia is a furniture retailer and distributor focusing on customers primarily in Malaysia. Each of our subsidiaries
is operated under the same senior management of our company, and we view the operations of Diamond Bar, Bright Swallow, Nova Macao, Nova
HK and Nova Malaysia as a whole for making business decisions. Our long-lived assets are mainly property, plant and equipment located
in the United States and Malaysia for administrative purposes. 

Net
sales to customers by geographic area are determined by reference to the physical product shipment delivery locations requested by our
customers. For example, if the products are delivered to a customer in the U.S., the sales are recorded as generated in the U.S.; if
the customer directs us to ship its products to China, the sales are recorded as sold in China. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Standards 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50),
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40): Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options ASU
2021-04 ). ASU 2021-04 provides guidance as to how an issuer should account for a modification of the terms or conditions or an
exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option (i.e., a warrant) that remains classified after modification or exchange
as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument. An issuer should measure the effect of a modification or exchange as
the difference between the fair value of the modified or exchanged warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification
or exchange and then apply a recognition model that comprises four categories of transactions and the corresponding accounting treatment
for each category (equity issuance, debt origination, debt modification, and modifications unrelated to equity issuance and debt origination
or modification). ASU 2021-04 is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. An entity should apply the guidance provided in ASU 2021-04 prospectively to modifications or exchanges occurring
on or after the effective date. The Company applied the new standard beginning January 1, 2022. The adoption of the new standard did
not have any impact on our condensed consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

In
November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance.
This update requires certain annual disclosures about transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution
accounting model by analogy. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and early application is
permitted. This guidance should be applied either prospectively to all transactions that are reflected in financial statements at the
date of initial application and new transactions that are entered into after the date of initial application or retrospectively to those
transactions. The Company adopted ASU 2021-10 beginning January 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2021-10 did not have any impact on our condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Recently
Issued But Not Yet Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) ASU 2016-13 ), which requires
entities to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the
measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 is to be adopted on a modified retrospective
basis. As a smaller reporting company, ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2022. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial
statement presentations and disclosures. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350), Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment ASU 2017-04 ). ASU 2017-04 eliminates Step 2 of the two-step goodwill impairment test, under which a goodwill
impairment loss was measured by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of that
goodwill. ASU 2017-04 requires only a one-step quantitative impairment test, whereby a goodwill impairment loss is measured as the excess
of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value (not to exceed the total goodwill allocated to that reporting unit).
Adoption of the ASUs is on a modified retrospective basis. As a smaller reporting company, the standard will be effective for the Company
for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption
of ASU 2017-04 will have on our consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

We
do not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, authoritative guidance, if currently adopted, would have a material
impact on our financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Certain columns may not add
due to rounding. 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

of 
 Sales 

of 
 Sales 
 
 Net sales 
 12,744,871 
 
 12,556,219 

Cost of sales 
 (20,526,484 
 161 
 (7,034,482 
 56 
 
 Gross (loss) profit 
 (7,781,613 
 (61 
 5,521,737 
 44 
 
 Operating expenses 
 (8,440,738 
 (66 
 (9,382,285 
 (75 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (16,222,351 
 (127 
 (3,860,548 
 (31 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 (851,166 
 (7 
 (200,675 
 (2 
 
 Income tax expenses 
 (2,400 
 - 
 (163,893 
 (1 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (17,075,917 
 (134 
 (4,225,116 
 (34 
 
 Loss from discontinued
 operations 
 (25,754 
 - 
 (15,737,377 
 (125 
 
 Net loss 
 (17,101,671 
 (134 
 (19,962,493 
 (159 

Net
Sales 

Net
sales from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 12.74 million, an increase of 2 from 12.56 million in 2021.
This increase in net sales resulted primarily from a 13.30 increase in average selling price, partially offset by a 10.41 decrease
in sales volume. Our three largest selling product categories for the year ended December 31, 2022 were sofas, beds and chairs, which
accounted for approximately 41 , 15 and 11 of sales from continuing operations, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
the three largest selling categories were sofas, beds and coffee tables, which accounted for approximately 46 , 15 and 7 of sales from
continuing operations, respectively. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The
 188,652 increase in net sales from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year of 2021, was
mainly due to increased sales to other countries. Sales to other countries increased by 408,150 to 675,008 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from 266,858 for 2021, primarily due to the increase in direct container sales in other countries. However, the
increase in net sales from continuing operations was partially offset by the decrease in sales to North America. Sales to North
America decreased by 2.3 to 12.01 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 12.29 million for 2021, such decrease
being mainly a result of inflation, U.S. tightening monetary policy, reducing the purchasing power of the customers and thus making
them less willing to spend in nonfood categories. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales from continuing operations consists primarily of costs of finished goods purchased from third-party manufacturers. Total cost
of sales from continuing operations increased by 192 to 20.53 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.03 million
for 2021. Cost of sales as a percentage of sales increased to 161 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 56 for 2021. The
increase in cost of sales in dollar term and cost of sales as a percentage of sales, was mainly due to our write down of 12.90 million
of the slow-moving inventory, primarily the jade mats in Malaysia, to the lower of cost and net
realizable value for 2022, compared to no inventory write down for 2021. The substantial difference of the inventory write downs
between the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was caused by the ownership transfer of the jade mats in Malaysia from Nova HK to
Nova Malaysia on February 15, 2022, as Nova HK entered a de-registration process in February 2022 and its operations were reported as
discontinued operations for all periods presented, and thus the write down of 15.96 million of the jade mats in Malaysia was reported
from the Company s discontinued operations for 2021. 

Moreover, if total cost of sales from continuing operations
excluded our inventory write down of 12.90 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, total cost of sales from continuing operations
would increase by 8 to 7.62 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 7.03 million for 2021, and cost of sales as a
percentage of sales would increase to 60 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 56 for 2021. The increase in cost of sales
in dollar term and cost of sales as a percentage of sales, was a result of the increase in our direct container sales which came with
low profit margin. 

Gross
(Loss) Profit 

Gross loss from
continuing operations was 7.78 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to gross profit of 5.52 million for 2021,
representing a decrease in gross profit of 13.30 million. Our gross loss margin was 61 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to a gross profit margin of 44 for 2021. The decrease in gross profit and gross profit margin, was mainly a result of our
inventory write down of 12.90 million for 2022, primarily for the jade mats in Malaysia, compared to no inventory write down for
2021.. The substantial difference of the inventory write
downs in 2022 and 2021 mainly resulted from the ownership transfer of the jade mats inventories from Nova HK to Nova Malaysia on
February 15, 2022. Since the ownership of the jade mats was with Nova HK for 2021, which operations were reported as discontinued
operations for all periods present, the write down of 15.96 million of the jade mats was reported as the Company s discontinued
operations for 2021. 

Moreover, if total cost of sales from continuing operations
excluded our inventory write down of 12.90 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, gross profit would be 5.12 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to gross profit of 5.52 million for 2021, and our gross profit margin would be 40 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to a gross profit margin of 44 for 2021. The decrease in gross profit and gross profit margin, was
primarily due to the increasing direct container sales with low profit margin. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses from continuing operations consisted of selling, general and administrative expenses. Operating expenses from continuing operations
were 8.44 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9.38 million for 2021. Selling expenses from continuing operations
decreased by 23 , or 0.84 million, to 2.89 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 3.73 million for 2021, primarily due
to decreased marketing and advertising expenses. In addition, general and administrative expenses from continuing operations decreased
by 2 , or 0.09 million, to 5.56 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 5.65 million for 2021, primarily due to a decrease
in legal and professional fees, rent expenses, technology services fees and research and development expenses of 0.26 million, 0.13
million, 0.13 million and 0.10 million, respectively, while the decrease was partially offset by an increase in travel expenses and
consulting fees of 0.25 million and 0.22 million, respectively. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Other
Expenses, Net 

Other
expenses, net, from continuing operations were 851,166 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 200,675 for 2021, representing
an increase in other expenses of 650,491. The increase in other expenses was due primarily to an increase in foreign exchange loss of
 737,507 to 639,432 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from foreign exchange gain of 98,075 for 2021. The increase in foreign exchange
loss was mainly a result of the depreciation of Malaysian Ringgit against U.S. dollars on the Company s assets in Malaysia. However,
the increase in other expenses was partially offset by a decrease in interest expenses of 97,928 to 25,216 for the year ended December
31, 2022, compared to 123,144 for 2021. 

Income
Tax Expenses 

Income
tax expenses from continuing operations were 2,400 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 163,893 for 2021. The income tax
expenses for 2021 were primarily related to payable true up for the one-time transition tax commencing in April 2018 as the result of
the tax examination of Internal Revenue Service. 

Loss
from Continuing Operations 

As
a result of the foregoing, our loss from continuing operations was 17.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.23
million for 2021. 

Loss
from Discontinued Operations 

On
February 15, 2022, we transferred our entire assets and business in Nova HK to Nova Malaysia, one of our subsidiaries. Operations of Nova HK were
reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. We had loss from
discontinued operations of 0.03 million and 15.74 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the foregoing, our net loss was 17.10 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 19.96 million for 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
principal demands for liquidity are related to our efforts to increase sales and purchase inventory, and for expenditures related to
sales distribution and general corporate purposes. We intend to meet our liquidity requirements, including capital expenditures related
to purchase of inventories and the expansion of our business, primarily through cash flow provided by operations, collections of accounts
receivable, and credit facilities from banks. 

We
rely primarily on internally generated cash flow and available working capital to support growth. We may seek additional financing in
the form of bank loans or other credit facilities or funds raised through offerings of our equity or debt, if and when we determine such
offerings are required. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any credit facilities. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
and anticipated cash receipts from sales of products will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital requirements and capital
expenditures for the next 12 months. 

We
had net working capital of 6,557,629 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 17,196,927 from net working capital of 23,754,556 at December
31, 2021. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 4.99-to-1 at December 31, 2022. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

The
following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (5,367,650 
 (4,782,354 
 
 Investing activities 
 (8,772 
 (154,820 
 
 Financing activities 
 - 
 2,760,974 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 5.37 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase in cash outflow of 0.59 million
from 4.78 million of cash used in operating activities for 2021. 

The
increase in cash outflow was attributable primarily to (i) an increase in cash outflow of 1.01 million for other current assets to 1.19
million cash outflow for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.18 million cash outflow for 2021, such increase in cash outflow
being mainly due to the increasing prepaid expenses regarding technology services incurred for 2022; (ii) an increase in cash outflow
of 0.60 million for accounts receivable to 0.19 million cash outflow for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.42 million
cash inflow for 2021, such increase in cash outflow being mainly a result of more credit sales for 2022; (iii) an increase in cash outflow
of 0.36 million for advance from customers to 0.22 million cash outflow for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.13 million
cash inflow for 2021, such increase in cash outflow being mainly due to more goods delivered to our customers with less deposits received
from them for 2022. The increase in operating cash outflow was partially offset by (i) an increase in cash inflow of 1.01 million for
advance to suppliers to 0.69 million cash inflow for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.33 million cash outflow for 2021,
such increase in cash inflow being mainly due to less deposits paid to our suppliers with more goods received from them for 2022; (ii)
an increase in cash inflow of 0.35 million for accounts payable to 0.04 million cash outflow for the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to 0.39 million cash outflow for 2021, such increase in cash inflow being mainly a result of more purchases made on credit
for 2022. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 8,772 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease in cash outflow of 146,048 from 154,820
of cash used in investing activities for 2021. We incurred cash outflow of 8,772 from purchase of office equipment for the year ended
December 31, 2022, while we incurred cash outflow of 154,820 from purchase of office equipment and leasehold improvement for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.76 million of cash provided by financing
activities for 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received 2.76 million from equity
financing. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had gross accounts receivable of 291,392,
of which 63,833 was not yet past due and 19,425 was less than 90 days past due. We had an allowance for bad debt of 2,914. As of March
17, 2023, 28 of accounts receivable outstanding as of December 31, 2022 had been collected. 

All
accounts receivable outstanding at December 31, 2021 had been collected during 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had advances to suppliers of 21,173 and 707,264, respectively. These supplier prepayments are made
for goods before we actually receive them. 

For
a new product, the normal lead time from new product R D, prototype, and mass production to delivery of goods from our suppliers
to us is approximately six to nine months after we make advance payments to our suppliers. For other products, the typical time is five
months after our advance payment. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, freight transportation of products from our international suppliers has
been delayed or suspended during the outbreak. We will consider the need for a reserve when and if a supplier fails to fulfill our orders
within the time frame as stipulated in the purchase contracts. 

As of March 17, 2023, 30 of our advances to suppliers outstanding at December
31, 2022 had been delivered to us in the form of purchases of furniture. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Shelf
Registration 

On
October 8, 2020, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under which the Company may, from time to time, sell securities
in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of 60,000,000. The shelf registration statement was declared effective on October
15, 2020. On July 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with
certain institutional investors for the sale by the Company of 1,114,508 shares of common stock.
The shares were offered and sold by the Company pursuant to the effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3. The offering gross
proceeds were 3,120,622 before deducting placement agent s commissions and other offering costs, and the net proceeds of the offering
were approximately 2,760,000. The offering closed on July 27, 2021. 

Other
Long-Term Liabilities 

As
of December 31, 2022, we recorded long-term taxes payable of 1.16 million, consisting of an income tax payable of 1.16 million, primarily
arising from a one-time transition tax recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017 on our post-1986 foreign unremitted earnings, as ASC
740 specifies that tax positions for which the timing of the ultimate resolution is uncertain should be recognized as long-term liabilities. 

We
elected to pay the one-time transition tax over the eight years commencing April 2018. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements between us and any other entity that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources that is material to shareholders. 

We
have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties.
We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholders equity or that
are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets
transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable
interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing,
hedging or research and development services with us. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
required. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
financial statements, together with the report thereon, appear in a separate section of this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
have evaluated, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ),
the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that
as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act (a) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms and (b) is accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management, with oversight from our audit committee, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that: (a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (c) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements. In designing and evaluating internal controls, management recognizes that any internal controls, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design
of control systems must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tread way
Commission (COSO) in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December
31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this annual report on
Form 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

Not
applicable 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

On
May 13, 2022, the SEC added us to its conclusive list of issuers identified under the HFCAA following the filing of our annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 with the SEC on April 8, 2022, which annual report was audited by Centurion
ZD CPA Co. , a registered public accounting firm in Hong Kong that the PCAOB previously was unable to inspect or
investigate completely, because of a position taken by an authority in the foreign jurisdiction. As our business, revenues,
management and control capabilities mostly in the U.S., the Company dismissed Centurion ZD CPA
 Co. as its independent accountant on October 7, 2022, following a review process carried out by the audit committee of
the Company. On October 6, 2022, our audit committee engaged WWC, P.C. WWC as the Company s independent
auditor for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. WWC is located in the United States and has not been identified by the PCAOB
as a firm that the PCAOB is unable to fully inspect and investigate. Given that WWC now serves as the principal accountant to audit
our consolidated financial statements, we expect to be able to comply with the HFCA Act and Consolidated Appropriations Act and
certify that we have retained a registered public accounting firm that the PCAOB has determined it is able to inspect or investigate
which would preclude a further finding by the SEC that we are a Commission-Identified Issuer. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Furthermore,
in August 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance of the People s Republic of
China, taking the first step toward opening access for the PCAOB to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong. PCAOB staff members conducted on-site inspections and investigations from September to November 2022.
On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB Board determined that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate registered
public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and voted to vacate its previous determinations to the contrary.
As a result, SEC will not provisionally or conclusively identify an issuer as a Commission-Identified Issuer if it files an annual report
with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm headquartered in China or Hong Kong on or after December 15, 2022,
until such time as the PCAOB issues a new determination. 

To
the extent known by the Company, the Company is not aware of and has no reason to believe that: any governmental entity in the foreign
jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is incorporated or otherwise organized owns shares of any capital stock
of record of the Company; any official of the Chinese government or Hong Kong is a board member or officer of the Company or its subsidiaries;
or that the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, contain any provisions known by the Company to include any charter
or charter provisions of the Chinese Communist Party. The Company has determined that no governmental entity in mainland China or Hong
Kong, directly or indirectly, possesses the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Company or has
a controlling financial interest. The Company has made this determination based on the fact that as of the date of this annual report,
no such governmental entity has filed a Schedule 13D or 13G, there are no material contracts with such a foreign governmental party,
and there is no such foreign government representative on the Company s Board. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information
relating to nominees for director of Nova LifeStyle, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the Company s
code of ethics is set forth under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance, Corporate Governance, and Code of Ethics, respectively, in the Proxy
Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. The definitive Proxy Statement
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Information
required by this Item 11 relating to executive compensation and other matters is set forth under the captions Executive Compensation, 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation, and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10
above. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information
related to ownership of common stock of Nova LifeStyle by certain persons is set forth under the caption Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above. Such information is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Information
relating to existing or proposed relationships or transactions between Nova LifeStyle and any affiliate of Nova LifeStyle, as well as
matters related to director independence, is set forth under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
in the Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Information
relating to Nova LifeStyle s principal accountant s fees and services is set forth under the caption Principal Accountant
Fees and Services in the Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following documents are filed as part of or are included in this Annual Report: 

1. 
 Financial
 statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements, filed as part of this Annual Report
 beginning on page F-1; and 
 
 2. 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger by and between Stevens Resources, Inc. and Nova LifeStyle, Inc., dated June 14, 2011 (Incorporated herein by reference
 to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019) filed on June 30, 2011) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and between Nova Furniture Limited and Nova LifeStyle, Inc., dated June 30, 2011
 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019) filed on
 June 30, 2011) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Return
 to Treasury Agreement by and between Nova LifeStyle, Inc. and Alex Li, dated June 30, 2011 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 2.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019) filed on June 30, 2011) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File
 No. 333-163019) filed on November 10, 2009) 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
 333-163019) filed on June 30, 2011) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of the State of Nevada on December 15, 2009, and effective as
 of September 9, 2009 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
 333-163019) filed on June 30, 2011) 

3.4 
 
 Articles
 of Merger between Stevens Resources, Inc. and Nova LifeStyle, Inc. amending the Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary
 of State of the State of Nevada on June 14, 2011, and effective as of June 27, 2011 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019) filed on June 30, 2011) 

3.5 
 
 Articles
 of Exchange of Nova Furniture Limited and Nova LifeStyle, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on June 30,
 2011 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019) filed
 on June 30, 2011) 

3.6 
 
 First
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36259) filed on February 28, 2018) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate
 of Change to Authorized Shares of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36259) filed on December 20, 2019) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Stock Certificate (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019)
 filed on June 30, 2011) 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Investor Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26,
 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July
 26, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 Description
 of Securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

10.1 
 
 Shareholder
 Agreement by and between Nova Furniture Limited and St. Joyal, dated January 1, 2011 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019) filed on June 30, 2011) 

10.2# 
 
 Form
 of Director Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No.
 333-163019) filed on June 3, 2013) 

37 

 Table of Contents 

10.3# 
 
 Nova
 LifeStyle, Inc. 2014 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 333-163019) filed on July 10, 2014) 

10.4# 
 
 Nova
 LifeStyle, Inc. Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 333-163019) filed on July 10, 2014) 

10.5# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Nova Lifestyle Inc. and Thanh H. Lam dated May 8, 2018 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2018) 

10.6 
 
 Sales
 Representative Agreement by and between Diamond Bar Outdoors, Inc. and Tawny Lam Consulting, Inc. dated January 4, 2020 (Incorporated
 herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 12, 2020) 

10.7# 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Nova Lifestyle Inc. and Jeffery Chuang dated August 10, 2020 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Nova
 LifeStyle, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy on
 Schedule 14A filed on April 13, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2021) 

10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Nova Lifestyle Inc. and Jeffery Chuang dated August 11, 2021 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2022) 

10.11# 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Nova Lifestyle Inc. and Thanh H. Lam dated December 30, 2021 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2022) 

10.12# 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement by and between Nova Lifestyle Inc. and Jeffery Chuang dated December 30, 2021 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2022) 

10.13# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Nova Lifestyle Inc. and Jeffery Chuang dated August 18, 2022 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Business Conduct and Ethics of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K (File No. 333-163019) filed on June 10, 2013) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Centurion ZD CPA Co. 
 
 23.2 
 
 Consent of WWC, P.C. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (Included on the Signature Page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certifications
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

#
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

 Filed
herewith. 

 Furnished
herewith. 

38 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 1171) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4
 to F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-9 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To: 
 The Stockholders and 
 Board of Directors of 
 Nova Lifestyle, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the
 Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive
loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal controls over financial reporting, but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Inventory
impairment 

We
assessed the carrying value of inventory as a critical audit matter. As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial
statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s inventories balance was
 4,932,642, which was an amount that was quantitatively material to the financial statements as a whole, and the account
required challenging, subjective and complex judgment and assumptions in regards the estimation of the net realizable value of those
assets to determine that the balance was reasonable, and not materially misstated. 

The
Company s inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a weighted-average
basis. The write-down of potential obsolete or slow-moving inventories is recorded based on management s assumptions about
future demands derived and market conditions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company wrote down 12,904,676 of slow-moving inventory. Inventories have been written down to the Company s best
estimate of their realizable value, which includes consideration of various factors. 

Our
principal audit procedures performed to address the net realizable value of the inventories and related the impairment expense
included the following: 

Observing
 the physical condition of the inventories during inventory counts. Performing independent analysis of significant assumptions
 provided by management, by researching wholesale and retail market prices, gaining an understanding of demand for the product by
 searching for comparable products in the market place. 

Inquired with Company personnel
 to understand management s model of estimates on selling price and cost of completion to calculate net realizable value and
 assess the appropriateness of the methodology applied in developing those estimates. 

Performed
 independent inquiry through phone and video conference with the customer contracting to purchase the goods subsequent to the balance
 sheet date buyer to understand the sales channel and business relationship. Obtained independent confirmation from the
 buyer regarding the total value of the sales contract with the buyer. 

Performed
 quantitative analysis and recalculation on net realizable value, to test if any impairment exists, and developed a range of
 independent estimates for assumptions for the valuation models and compared those estimates with those employed by management. 

The
accounts relevant to this critical audit matter include the inventories and cost of sales, and the related disclosure in the accompanying
notes 4 to the financial statements. 

/s/
 . 

 Certified
Public Accountants 

 PCAOB
ID No. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of comprehensive (loss) income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Inventory
write-down 

As
described in Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements, inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value, with
cost determined on a weighted-average basis. Write-down of potential obsolete or slow moving inventories is recorded based on management s
assumptions about future demands and market conditions. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded inventory impairment
charges of 15.96 million. Inventories include items that have been written down to the Company s best estimate of their realizable
value, which includes consideration of various factors. 

We
identified the inventory write-down as a critical audit matter. The Company s determination of future markdowns is subjective.
Specifically, there was a high degree of subjective auditor judgment in evaluating how the Company s merchandising strategy and
related inventory markdown assumptions affected the realizable value of inventory. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included the following, among others: (i) observing the physical condition of inventories during
inventory counts; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of management s process for developing the estimates of net realizable value
(iii) testing the reliability of reports used by management by agreeing to underlying records; (iv) testing the reasonableness of the
assumptions about quality, damages, future demand, selling prices and market conditions by considering with historical trends and consistency
with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit; and corroborating the assumptions with individuals within the product team; and (v)
assessing the Company s adjustments of inventory costs to net realizable value for slow-moving and obsolete inventories by (1)
comparing the historical estimate for net realizable value adjustments to actual adjustments of inventory costs, and (2) analyzing sales
subsequent to the measurement date. 

/s/
 . 

We
served as the Company s auditor from 2016 to 2022. 

April
8, 2022 

 PCAOB
ID: 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Advance to suppliers 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivables 

Tax receivable 

Current
 assets of discontinued operations 

Total
 Current Assets 

Noncurrent Assets 

Plant, property and equipment,
 net 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Lease deposit 

Goodwill 

Noncurrent
 assets of discontinued operations 

Total
 Noncurrent Assets 

Total
 Assets 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS (CONT D) 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Liabilities and Stockholders 
 Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Operating lease liability,
 current 

Advance from customers 

Accrued liabilities and
 other payables 

Income tax payable 

Other loan interest payable 

Current
 liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities 

Other Loan 

Operating lease liability,
 non-current 

Income
 tax payable 

Total
 Noncurrent Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Contingencies and Commitments 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value; 
 shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding; as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income 

Accumulated
 deficits 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Net Sales 

Cost of Sales 

Gross
 (Loss) Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Selling expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss
 From Operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Non-operating income 

Foreign exchange
 transaction (loss) income 

Interest expense,
 net 

Financial
 expense 

Total
 Other Expenses, Net 

Loss Before Income Taxes
 and Discontinued Operations 

Income
 Tax Expense 

Loss From Continuing Operations 

Loss
 From Discontinued Operations 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

Foreign
 currency translation 

Net
 Loss and Comprehensive Loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding -
 Basic and Diluted 

Loss from continuing operations per share of
 common stock 

Basic
 and Diluted 

Loss from discontinued operations per share
 of common stock 

Basic
 and Diluted 

Net loss per share of common stock 

Basic
 and Diluted 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Accumulated 
 
 Retained 

Additional 
 Other 
 
 Earnings 
 Total 

Common
 stock 
 Paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Statutory 
 (Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Reserve 
 Deficits) 
 Equity 

Balance at January 1, 2021 

Stock issued to employees 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued to consultants 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock 

- 
 - 
 - 

De-registration and liquidation
 of Nova Macau 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Foreign currency translation
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December
 31, 2021 

- 

Balance,
 value 

- 

Stock issued to employees 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued to consultants 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued to designer 

Foreign currency translation
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December
 31, 2022 

- 

Balance,
 value 

- 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows From Operating
 Activities 

Net loss 

Net loss from discontinued
 operations 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Loss on disposal of fixed
 assets 

Write down of inventories 

Stock based compensation
 expense 

Changes in bad debt allowance 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Advance to suppliers 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Advance from customers 

Accrued liabilities and
 other payables 

Taxes
 payable 

Net Cash Used in Continuing
 Operations 

Net
 Cash Provided by Discontinued Operations 

Net Cash Used in Operating
 Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing
 Activities 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net Cash Used in Continuing
 Operations 

Net
 Cash Used in Discontinued Operations 

Net Cash Used in Investing
 Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing
 Activities 

Proceeds
 from equity financing, net 

Net Cash Provided by Continuing
 Operations 

Net
 Cash Provided by Discontinued Operations 

Net Cash Provided by Financing
 Activities 

Effect
 of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Net Decrease in Cash and
 Cash Equivalents 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents, Ending of Year 

Supplemental Disclosure
 of Cash Flow Information 

Continuing operations: 

Cash paid during period
 for: 

Income
 tax payments 

Interest
 expense 

Discontinued operations: 

Cash paid during period
 for: 

Income
 tax payments 

Interest
 expense 

F- 8 

 Table of Contents 

NOVA
LIFESTYLE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

, pursuant to a formal agreement entered into on January 7, 2020. The Company received the payment
on May 11, 2020. 

On
October 14, 2020, the Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Institute invalidated licenses for offshore companies under an Order of Repeal
of Legal Regime of the Offshore Services by Macao Special Administrative Region. Nova Macao then entered into a de-registration process
and its business was taken over by Nova HK. Nova Macao completed the de-registration and liquidation process in January 2021. 

On
November 5, 2020, Nova LifeStyle acquired Nova HK at cost of which was incorporated in Hong Kong on November 6, 2019. This company
had minimal operations. In February 2022, Nova HK entered a de-registration process and transferred all its assets and business to Nova
Malaysia . In February 2023, Nova HK was completed the
process of de-registration and liquidation. 

The
 Company and Nova collectively refer to Nova LifeStyle, the U.S. parent, and its subsidiaries, Nova Furniture,
Nova Samoa, Nova Macao, Diamond Bar, i Design, Nova HK and Nova Malaysia. 

COVID-19 

Beginning
in 2020, a strain of novel coronavirus COVID-19 has spread globally and, at this point, the Company s operations
has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, Nova Malaysia had not been able to operate in normal condition due
to Malaysian government s shut down orders which resulted in sales lagging and slow-moving inventories. The Company s two
showrooms in Kuala Lumpur were closed from March 2020 to May 2020 and closed again from August 2020 to March 5, 2021. Malaysia government
imposed a new nationwide lockdown on May 12, 2021 until early June 2021, then the lockdown was extended to early October 2021. In October
2021, Malaysia government lifted lockdown order for people fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and our store has been reopened since then.
In April 2022, Malaysia has also reopened the border for foreign visitors. However,
COVID-19 in Malaysia increased financial vulnerability for those affected households and business, which contributed to significant decrease
of sales and risk of continuous sluggish sales. As a result, we further lowered the estimated sales quantities of the inventories during
the interim review. The Company expects that the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the United
States, Malaysia and world economies will also continue to have a material adverse impact on the demand for its products. 

In
2022, there have been outbreaks of the Omicron variant of the COVID-19 in Hong Kong and many other cities in China, along with travel
restrictions, mandatory COVID-19 tests, quarantine requirements and/or temporary closure of office buildings and facilities imposed by
local governments. In December 2022, the Chinese government eased its strict zero COVID-19
policy which resulted in a surge of new COVID-19 cases during December 2022 and January 2023. Although our suppliers in China have
not been materially and negatively impacted by such outbreaks, the government authorities may issue new orders of office closure, travel
and transportation restrictions in China due to the resurgence of the COVID-19 and outbreak of new variants, which could cause the delay
of the delivery from our suppliers in China. 

The
extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic that will continue to have on the Company s business is highly uncertain and
difficult to predict and quantify, as the actions that the Company, other businesses and governments may take to contain the spread
of COVID-19 continue to evolve. Shipping of products from Asia has experienced significant delays since the onset of the pandemic
and the costs of shipping from Asia have increased since the onset although the shipping cost has been back to normal since June 2022; and we have experienced and may continue to experience shipping
disruptions in the future. Because of the significant uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, the extent of the future
business interruption and the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

The
severity of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business will continue to depend on a number of factors, including,
but not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic, the new variants of COVID-19, the efficacy and distribution of COVID-19
vaccines and the extent and severity of the impact on the global supply chain and the Company s customers, service providers and
suppliers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be reasonably predicted at this time. As of the date of issuance of the Company s
financial statements, the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may in the future materially impact the Company s financial condition,
liquidity or results of operations is uncertain. The Company is monitoring and assessing the evolving situation closely and evaluating
its potential exposure. 

impairment of goodwill of Diamond Bar. 

Provision for the
 year 

Balance at December
 31, 2022 

The
bad debts provision (reversal) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, bad debt provision and written off from discontinued operations were . 

million of slow-moving inventory. The inventory write-down is included
in Cost of Sales from continuing operations in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company wrote-down million of slow-moving inventory from the Company s discontinued operations. 

- years 
 
 Decoration
 and renovation 
 
 - years 

impairment of long-lived assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

and 
for the years ended December 31 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company follows ASC Topic 740, which prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740 also provides guidance on recognition of income tax assets
and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated
with tax positions, accounting for income taxes in interim periods, and income tax disclosures. 

Under
the provisions of ASC Topic 740, when tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination
by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position
that would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which,
based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination,
including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more
than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. 

Nova
Lifestyle, Inc. and Diamond Bar are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. Nova Furniture BVI was incorporated in the BVI and
Nova Samoa was incorporated in Samoa. There is no income tax for companies domiciled in the BVI and Samoa. Accordingly, the Company s
condensed consolidated financial statements do not present any income tax provisions related to the BVI and Samoa tax jurisdictions where
Nova Furniture BVI and Nova Samoa are domiciled. Nova Malaysia is incorporated in Malaysia and is subject to Malaysia income taxes at
the statutory rate of . Nova HK is incorporated in Hong Kong and is subject to Hong Kong income taxes at the statutory rate of .
In February 2022, Nova HK was deregistered. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Act created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings such as global intangible
low-taxed income GILTI under IRC Section 951A, which is effective for the Company for tax years beginning after January
1, 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has calculated its best estimate of the impact of the GILTI in its income
tax provision in accordance with its understanding of the Act and guidance available as of the date of this filing. 

On
December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Act was signed into law making significant changes to the Internal
Revenue Code. Changes include, but are not limited to, a corporate tax rate decrease from to effective for tax years beginning
after December 31, 2017, the transition of U.S. international taxation from a worldwide tax system to a modified territorial system,
and a one-time transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of cumulative foreign earnings as of December 31, 2017. 

On
March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act contains numerous income tax provisions,
such as relaxing limitations on the deductibility of interest and the use of net operating losses (NOLs) arising in taxable years beginning
after December 31, 2017. 

Beginning
in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminates the option to deduct research and development expenditures immediately in the year
incurred and requires taxpayers to amortize such expenditures over five years. While it is possible that Congress may defer, modify,
or repeal this provision, potentially with retroactive effect, we have no assurance that this provision will be deferred, modified, or
repealed. Furthermore, in anticipation of the new provision taking effect, we have analyzed the provision and worked with our advisors
to evaluate its application to our business. Since all research and development expenditures were incurred within the U.S. and the amount
is immaterial, we do not anticipate it having any material impact to our provision. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the accumulated undistributed earnings generated by its foreign subsidiaries were approximately million
of which substantially all was previously subject to U.S. tax, the one-time transition tax on foreign unremitted earnings required
by the Tax Act, or GILTI. Those earnings are considered to be permanently reinvested and accordingly, no deferred tax expense is
recorded for U.S. federal and state income tax or applicable withholding taxes. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unrecognized tax benefits were approximately 0 . The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if
recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate was as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Foreign exchange adjustment 
 - 

Balance December 31 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had cumulatively accrued approximately for estimated interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company recorded interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as a component of income tax benefit, which totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company
does not anticipate any significant changes to its unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

Nova
Lifestyle and Diamond Bar are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes and tax years 2019-2022 remain open to examination by tax
authorities in the U.S. 

and ,
respectively. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, shipping and handling costs from discontinued operations were . 

and
 for the years ended December31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, advertising expense from discontinued operations were . 

Net loss from discontinued
 operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding 
 Basic and Diluted 

Net loss from continuing operations per share
 of common stock 

Basic and Diluted 

Net loss from discontinued operations income
 per share of common stock 

Basic and Diluted 

Net loss per share of common stock 

Basic and Diluted 

and shares that were granted and vested but not yet issued for the years ended December
 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of unvested restricted stock, vested stock options to purchase shares of the Company s
stock, and shares exercisable under warrants were excluded from the EPS calculation, as their effect were anti-dilutive. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of unvested restricted stock, vested stock options to purchase shares of the
Company s stock, and shares exercisable under warrants were excluded from EPS calculation, as their effects were anti-dilutive. 

or more of the Company s sales from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
Two customers accounted for and , respectively, of the Company s gross accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. Four
customers accounted for , , and , respectively, of the Company s gross accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. 

No
customer accounted for 
of the Company s sales from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, while four customers accounted for , , and each) of the Company s sales from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
Company purchased its products from two and three major vendors during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, accounting
for a total of for 2022 , and and for 2021 , , and of the Company s purchases from continuing operations,
respectively. 

Advances
made to these vendors were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accounts payable to these vendors
were and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to 

December 31, 2021 
 
 RM to 

Income Statement and cash flow items 

For the year ended December
 31, 2022 
 
 RM to 

For the year ended December
 31, 2021 
 
 RM to 

All
of the Company s long-lived assets are mainly property, plant and equipment located in the United States and Malaysia and are utilized
for administrative purposes. 

Net
sales to customers by geographic area are determined by reference to the physical product shipment delivery locations requested by the
customers. For example, if the products are delivered to a customer in the United States, the sales are recorded as generated in the
United States; if the customer directs us to ship its products to China, the sales are recorded as sold in China. 

In
November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance.
This update requires certain annual disclosures about transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution
accounting model by analogy. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and early application is
permitted. This guidance should be applied either prospectively to all transactions that are reflected in financial statements at the
date of initial application and new transactions that are entered into after the date of initial application or retrospectively to those
transactions. The Company adopted ASU 2021-10 beginning January 1, 2022. The adoption of ASU 2021-10 did not have any impact on the Company s
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Recently
Issued But Not Yet Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) ASU 2016-13 ), which requires
entities to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the
measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 is to be adopted on a modified retrospective
basis. As a smaller reporting company, ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2022. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Topic 326. The ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for trouble
debt restructurings by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, and enhances the disclosure requirements for modifications of loans to borrowers
experiencing financial difficulty. Additionally, the ASU requires disclosure of gross writeoffs of receivables by year of origination
for receivables within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measured at Amortized Cost. This ASU is
effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2016-13
and ASU 2022-02 will have on its condensed consolidated financial statement presentations and disclosures. 

In
January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350), Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment ASU 2017-04 ). ASU 2017-04 eliminates Step 2 of the two-step goodwill impairment test, under which a goodwill
impairment loss was measured by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill with the carrying amount of that
goodwill. ASU 2017-04 requires only a one-step quantitative impairment test, whereby a goodwill impairment loss is measured as the excess
of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value (not to exceed the total goodwill allocated to that reporting unit).
Adoption of the ASUs is on a modified retrospective basis. As the Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company, the standard will
be effective for the Company for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact that the adoption of ASU 2017-04 will have on its condensed consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

The
Company s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, authoritative guidance, if currently
adopted, would have a material impact on the Company s financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

Equipment, net 

Net assets of Nova HK upon
 disposal 

Interest transferred
 to Nova Malaysia 

Loss from discontinued operations of
 subsidiary 

The
following table presents the components of discontinued operations in relation to Nova HK reported in the consolidated statements of
operations: 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 
 - 

Cost of sales 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Other (expense) income, net 

Loss before income taxes 

Income
 tax benefit 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss
 from discontinued operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company wrote-down of slow-moving inventory from the Company s discontinued operations. 

and , respectively, and consisted entirely of
finished goods. 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and
net realizable value, with cost determined on a weighted-average basis. Write-down of potential obsolete or slow moving inventories is
recorded based on management s assumptions about future demands and market conditions. For
the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company wrote-down of slow-moving inventory. The inventory write-down is included
in Cost of Sales in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company wrote-down
 million of slow-moving inventory from the Company s discontinued operations. 

Decoration and renovation 

Property plant and equipment gross 

Less: accumulated
 depreciation 

Property plant and equipment net 

Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation
expense from discontinued operations was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
2022, the company disposed of of office equipment and decoration and renovation. 

Total asset, Gross 

Less: accumulated
 depreciation 

Total asset, Net 

Amortization
expense was for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Amortization
of intangible assets from discontinued operations was for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and as of
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other receivable 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, prepaid expenses and other receivables mainly represented prepaid insurance, prepaid advertising
expense, and Celero and Cardknox account balances. In
October 2022, Nova Malaysia entered into a business agreement with an I.T. firm to develop a virtual reality and augmented reality development
project and related works. Nova Malaysia agreed to pay Malaysia Ringgit for developing the project. The payment would be paid as first phase for of total payment, second phase for of total payment,
third phase for of total payment and fourth phase for of total payment. As of December 31, 2022, the Nova Malaysia paid and recorded
prepayment of Malyaia Ringgit due to the project was completed i ts second phase. 

Salary payable 

Financed insurance premiums 

Auditing fee 
 
 - 
 
 Warranty liability 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued commission 

Accrued expenses,
 others 

Total accrued liabilities and other payable 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, other accrued expenses mainly included legal and professional fees, utilities and unpaid
operating expenses incurred in Malaysia. Other payables represented other taxes payable and 401(k) payable. 

under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ).
The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides for loans to
qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. . The Company had
used the loans for eligible purposes and on December 28, 2020, the Company submitted the loan forgiveness application to the bank. On
November 15, 2021, the Small Business Administration (SBA) approved the company s forgiveness application and no interest had been
accrued on this loan as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

On
May 5, 2020, Diamond Bar was granted a loan from Cathay Bank in the aggregate amount of 
(the Loan ), pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under Division A, Title I of the CARES
Act, which was enacted on March 27, 2020. The Loan, which was in the form of a Note dated May 5, 2020 matures on and bore interest at a rate of 
per annum, payable monthly commencing on May 5, 2020. . On June 5, 2020, Congress passed a new law that allowed
current PPP borrowers to choose to extend the eight-week period to 24 weeks to use the funds but which cannot be extended beyond
December 31, 2020. The Company had used all the PPP loan proceeds for qualifying purposes within 24 weeks. On June 15, 2021, the
Small Business Administration (SBA) approved the Company s loan forgiveness application for
such loan and no interest had been accrued on this loan as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

On
June 19, 2020, Diamond Bar was granted a U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) loan in the aggregate amount of , pursuant
to the Economic Injury Disaster Loan. The Loan, which was in the form of a promissory note dated June 19, 2020, matures on 
and bears interest at a rate of per annum, . Funds from
the Loan may only be used for working capital. The loan was secured by all tangible and intangible property of Diamond Bar. It has accumulated
interest of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Income tax payable
 noncurrent 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, noncurrent tax payable were million and million, respectively, arising from a one-time transition
tax recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017 on post-1986 foreign unremitted earnings (see below). 

State 

Hong Kong 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Current 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total provision (benefit)
 for income taxes 

Foreign rate differential 

ASC 740-10 uncertain tax position 
 - 

Tax exemption 
 - 
 - 
 
 Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation 

Covid Relief Benefit 

Others 

Valuation allowance 

Total provision (benefit)
 for income taxes 

Deferred
Tax Assets and Liabilities 

Fed CA amortization 

Stock compensation 

ASC 842 lease liability 

Inventory 

U.S. NOL 

Capital loss 

Charitable Contribution 
 
 - 
 
 R D Capitalization 
 
 - 
 
 Interest 

Non-Current Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 - 

Fed CA depreciation 

ASC
 842- ROU Asset 

Net Non-Current Deferred Tax Assets before
 Valuation Allowance 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Non-Current Deferred
 Tax Assets, Net: 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Deferred Assets,
 Net: 
 - 
 - 

Nova LifeStyle, Inc. and Diamond Bar are subject to
U.S. federal and state income taxes. Nova Furniture BVI is incorporated in the BVI. There is no income tax for a company domiciled in
the BVI. Accordingly, the Company s consolidated financial statements do not present any income tax provision related to the BVI
tax jurisdiction where Nova Furniture BVI is domiciled. 

For
U.S. Federal income tax purpose, the Company has net operating loss, or NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

For
U.S. California income tax purpose, the Company has net operating loss, or NOL carryforwards of approximately million and 
million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Malaysia
has net operating loss, or NOL carryforwards of approximately million at December 31, 2022. The Company has recorded full valuation
allowance against the Malaysia NOL carryforwards. 

Nova
Macao was an income tax-exempt entity incorporated and domiciled in Macao. 

Corporate
income tax in Malaysia is calculated at the statutory rate of of the estimated taxable profit for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Nova
HK has net operating loss, or NOL carryforward of approximately million at December 31, 2022. The Company has recorded full valuation
allowance against the Nova HK NOL carryforards. Nova HK is incorporated in Hong Kong and is subject to Hong Kong income taxes at the
statutory rate of . 

. The lease is renewable and has been renewed each year since 2011. On April
1, 2022, the Company renewed the lease for an additional term at a cost of . During the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company recorded rental amounts of and , respectively, which were included in selling expenses. 

On
January 4, 2018, the Company entered into a sales representative agreement with a consulting firm, which is owned by the President, Chief
Executive Officer and Chairperson of the Board, for sales representative service for a term of . On
January 4, 2020, the Company renewed the agreement for an additional which was amended in July 2020. If not terminated during
the first year, the agreement will continue until one party or the other terminates the agreement with 30 days written notice. The Company
agreed to compensate the consulting firm via commission at predetermined rates of the relevant sales amount. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and as commission expense to this consulting firm, respectively. 

In
September 2021, Nova Malaysia entered into a consultancy agreement with an I.T. firm whose sole shareholder was a director of Nova Macao
to provide E-Commerce Web Application Setup, E-Commerce Essentials Implementation, E-Commerce UIUX and other related services. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and as technology service expenses to this I.T. firm,
respectively. 

shares of the Company s common stock which may be granted as stock reward to attract and retain personnel, provide additional incentives
to employees, directors and consultants and promote the success of the Company s business. On June 16, 2021, the Company filed
Form S-8 to register the shares of the Company s common stock under the 2021 Plan. 

Shares
and Warrants issued through Private Placement 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company conducted a registered direct offering of shares of common stock. The shares were offered and sold
by the Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC on October 8, 2020 and subsequently declared effective on October 15, 2020. Additionally, the Company issued
to the investors unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock in a concurrent private placement.
The combined purchase price for one share of common stock and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock was . The warrants
have an exercise price of per share, are exercisable beginning six-months from the date of issuance, and will expire five and a
half years from the date of issuance. The offering gross proceeds were before deducting placement agent s commissions
and other offering costs, and the net proceeds of the offering were approximately . The offering closed on July 27, 2021. 

In
conjunction with this offering, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of 
per share to the placement agent and its designees. The placement agent warrants are exercisable on the six-month anniversary of the
issuance date. The placement agent warrants are exercisable for four and a half years from the initial exercise date. The placement agent
warrants have piggy-back registration rights and have a termination date of July 23, 2026. 

The
warrants issued in the private placement described above are exercisable for a fixed number of shares, and are classified as equity
instruments under ASC 815-40-25-10. The Company accounted for the warrants issued in the private placement based on the fair value
method under ASC Topic 505, and the fair value of the warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes model under the following
assumptions: estimated life of 
years, volatility of ,
risk-free interest rate of 
and dividend yield of .
No estimate of forfeitures was made as the Company has a short history of granting options and warrants. The fair value of the
warrants issued to investors and placement agent at grant date was . 

Warrants 

Exercisable at January 1, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised / surrendered 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December
 31, 2022 

Shares
Issued to Consultants 

On
November 16, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant for consulting and strategy services effective on
November 16, 2020 for a one -year term. The Company agreed to grant the consultant shares of the Company s common stock,
vesting on February 15, 2021, on May 15, 2021, on August 15, 2021 and on November 15, 2021. The fair value of the 
shares was , which was calculated based on the stock price of per share on November 16, 2020 and is being amortized over
the service term. The shares were issued pursuant to the 2014 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company charged to operations as consulting expenses. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company entered into an information technology consulting agreement with a consultant for analyzing and developing
the Company s information technology infrastructure and system, and related general business advisory services effective on November
2, 2021 for a one -year term. The Company agreed to grant the consultant shares of the Company s common stock, shares
issued before the end of November 2021 and remaining shares will be issued on the one-year anniversary of the agreement. The fair
value of the shares was , which was calculated based on the stock price of per share on November 2, 2021 and is
being amortized over the service term. The shares were issued pursuant to Nova Lifestyle, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Plan (the 2021
Plan ). During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company charged
 and , respec tively, to operations as consulting expenses. 

On
November 2, 2021, the Company entered into a marketing consulting agreement with a consultant for developing branding and marketing strategies,
analyzing and evaluating consumer data services effective on November 2, 2021 for a one -year term. The Company agreed to grant the consultant
 shares of the Company s common stock, shares issued before the end of November 2021 and remaining shares
will be issued on the one-year anniversary of the agreement. The fair value of the shares was , which was calculated
based on the stock price of per share on November 2, 2021 and is being amortized over the service term. The shares were issued
pursuant to the 2021 Plan. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company charged and , respectively,
to operations as consulting expenses. 

On
November 11, 202 1 , the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant for consulting and strategy services effective on
November 16, 2021 for a one -year term. The Company agreed to grant the consultant shares of the Company s common stock,
vesting on February 15, 2022, on May 15, 2022, on August 15, 2022 and on November 15, 2022. The fair value of the 
shares was , which was calculated based on the stock price of per share on November 16, 2021 and is being amortized over
the service term. The shares were issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan. During the years ended December31, 2022 and 2021, the Company charged
 and , respectively, to operations as consulting expenses. 

On
January 28, 2022, the Company entered into an advisory service agreement with a designer for advising furniture design concept and development
effective on February 1, 2022 for . The Company shall pay the designer per month starting from February 1, 2022
for twelve months, in the form of the Company s Common Stock, calculated based on the closing stock price on the first trading
day of the corresponding month. The shares were issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the company issued shares to the designer and charged to operations as designer fee. 

On
July 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant for consulting and strategy services effective on July
1, 2022 for a one -year term. The Company agreed to grant the consultant shares of the Company s common stock, vesting 
on July 1, 2022, on October 1, 2022, on January 1, 2023 and on April 1, 2023. The fair value of the shares was ,
which was calculated based on the stock price of per share on July 1, 2022 and is being amortized over the service term. The shares
were issued pursuant to the 2021 Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company charged to operations as consulting
expenses. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a consultant for consulting and strategy services effective on
November 16, 2022 for a one -year term. The Company agreed to grant the consultant shares of the Company s common stock,
vesting on February 15, 2023, on May 15, 2023, on August 15, 2023 and on November 15, 2023. The fair value of the 
shares was , which was calculated based on the stock price of per share on November 16, 2022. The shares were issued pursuant
to the 2021 Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company charged to operations as consulting expenses. 

Shares
and Options Issued to Independent Directors 

On
November 4, 2019, the Company entered into stock option agreements under the 2014 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan with the three independent
members of the board of directors. The Company agreed to grant the Company s three independent directors options to purchase an
aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share, with a term of years, vesting
 on November 30, 2019, on February 28, 2020, on May 31, 2020, and on August 31, 2020. The fair value of the stock options
granted was estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the options was calculated
using the following assumptions: estimated life of , volatility of , risk free interest rate of , and dividend yield
of . The fair value of the stock options was at the grant date. 

Shares
Issued to Employees 

On
November 10, 2020, the Company extended an employment agreement with the Company s Corporate Secretary for a term of one year effective
from November 14, 2020. The Company agreed to grant an award of restricted Stock Units to the officer pursuant to the Company s
2014 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan. The fair value of these shares was , which was calculated based on the stock price of 
per share on November 10, 2020, the date the award was determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, vesting 
on November 10, 2020, on March 31, 2021, on June 30, 2021 and on September 30, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company amortized to operations as stock compensation expense. 

On
November 11, 2021, the Company extended an employment agreement with the Company s Corporate Secretary for a term of one year
effective from November 14, 2021. The Company agreed to grant an award of 
restricted Stock Units to the officer pursuant to the Company s 2021
Omnibus Equity Plan. The fair value of these shares was ,
which was calculated based on the stock price of 
per share on November 11, 2021, the date the award was determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, vesting 
on November 10, 2021, 
on March 31, 2022, 
on June 30, 2022 and 
on September 30, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company amortized 
and ,
respectively, to operations as stock compensation expense. 

On
November 11, 2022, the Company extended an employment agreement with the Company s Corporate Secretary for a term of one year effective
from November 14, 2021. The Company agreed to grant an award of restricted Stock Units to the officer pursuant to the Company s
 2021 Omnibus Equity Plan. The fair value of these shares was , which was calculated based
on the stock price of per share on November 11, 202 2 , the date the award was determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors, vesting on November 10, 202 2 , on March 31, 202 3 , on June 30, 202 3 and on September 30, 202 3 . During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company record to operations as stock compensation expense. 

Options
Issued to Employees 

On
August 12, 2019, the compensation committee of the Board approved an option grant to the Company s Chief Financial Officer to purchase
an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per sha re,
with a term of years, pursuant to the Company s 2014 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan.
Fifty percent of those stock options vested immediately, and the remaining vested on the six-month anniversary of the grant
date. 

The
fair value of the option granted to the Chief Financial Officer in 2019 was recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period
of the stock option award. The fair value of the option was calculated using the following assumptions: estimated life of ,
volatility of , risk free interest rate of , and dividend yield of . The fair value of the stock options was 
at the grant date. 

As
of December 31, 2022, unrecognized share-based compensation expense was . 

Exercisable at January 1, 2022 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

(1) 
 The
 intrinsic value of the stock options at December 31, 2022 is the amount by which the market
 value of the Company s common stock of as of December 31, 2022 exceeds the average
 exercise price of the option. As of December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of the outstanding
 and exercisable stock options was . 

Asia (excluding China) 
 
 - 
 
 Other countries 

Revenues 

Asia 

Total 

. The lease agreement also provided an option to
extend the term for an additional . On April 23, 2018, the Company extended the lease for another with an expiration
date of . On October 15, 2021, the Company extended the lease for another with an expiration date of . The initial monthly rental payment is with an annual increase. 

The
Company has entered into several lease agreements for office and warehouse space in Commerce, California and showroom space in Las Vegas,
Nevada and High Point, North Carolina (see Note 12) on monthly or annual terms. 

On
July 15, 2019, Nova Malaysia entered into a sublease agreement for warehouse space with a two -year term, expiring on . The
initial monthly rental payment was Malaysia Ringgit and was increased to Malaysia Ringgit effective August
1, 2020. On July 15, 2021, Nova Malaysia extended the lease for another with an expiration date of . 

On
October 29, 2019, Nova Malaysia entered into a lease agreement for a showroom with a two -year
term, commencing on December 1, 2019 and expiring on . On November 26, 2021, Nova Malaysia extended the lease to with an option for renewal for another term of 
months. On October 4, 2022, Nova Malaysia renewed the lease for one year to November 30, 2023. 
The monthly rental payment is 
Malaysia Ringgit ). 

On
August 20, 2020, Nova Malaysia entered into a sublease agreement for an office and service center with a two -year term, commencing on
September 1, 2020 and expiring on . On July 29, 2022, Nova Malaysia extended the lease for another two years with an expiration
date of August 31, 2024. The monthly rental payment is Malaysia Ringgit ). 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: imputed interest 
 () 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

Lease
Term and Discount Rate 

Operating leases - Malaysia 

Weighted-average discount rate ) 

Operating leases - USA 

Operating leases - Malaysia 

. 

. Plaintiffs claim that the falsity of these representations was exposed in a blog posted
on the Seeking Alpha website in which it was claimed that an investigation failed to confirm the existence of several entities
identified as significant customers. 

On
March 8, 2022, the parties to the Barney Action filed a Stipulation of Settlement Settlement with the Court. Under the
terms of the Settlement, and without admitting to any wrongdoing, fault, or liability, the Company agreed to a payment of to
completely resolve the Barney Action. The would be funded by the remainder of any retention under applicable directors and officer
liability insurance with the remainder paid by the directors and officer liability insurer. The settlement provided for the class members 
complete release of all claims against the Company and the named defendants with respect to any of the matters alleged in the litigation.
The Settlement was subject to various conditions, including preliminary approval by the Court, notice to all class members, an opt-out
period, and a final hearing and approval by the Court. 

By
Memorandum Opinion and Order dated August 29, 2022, the Court denied the Barney plaintiffs unopposed Motion to Certify
a Settlement Class and to Approve the Settlement. The Court held that plaintiffs had not met their burden of establishing the prerequisites
to class certification of adequacy of class counsel, numerosity, and the superiority of class certification in fairly and efficiently
adjudicating the controversy. The Court similarly concluded that plaintiffs had failed to make a threshold showing that the settlement
was fair and adequate. Finally, the Court rejected plaintiffs proposed plan for providing notice of the settlement to putative
class members, finding that it was inadequate under the circumstances. 

On
March 8, 2019, in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, Jie Yuan (the Jie Action filed
a putative shareholder derivative lawsuit purportedly on behalf of the Company against its former and current CEOs and CFOs (Thanh H.
Lam, Ya Ming Wong, Jeffery Chuang and Yuen Ching Ho) and directors (Charlie Huy La, Bin Liu, Umesh Patel, and Min Su) and vice president
(Steven Qiang Liu) (collectively, the Defendants seeking to recover any losses the Company sustains as a result of alleged
securities violations outlined in the Seeking Alpha blog and Barney securities class action complaint. Specifically, the
derivative lawsuit alleges that the Defendants caused the Company to make the alleged false and/or misleading statements giving rise
to the putative securities class action. The Plaintiff also alleges that President and CEO Lam engaged in self-dealing transactions by 

 leasing
her property to Diamond Bar, a Company subsidiary, and asserts, in conclusory fashion, that Lam, former CEO and director Ya Ming Wong,
former CFO and director Yuen Ching Ho, and director Umesh Patel sold securities during the period of time when the alleged false and/or
misleading statements were made with knowledge of material non-public information. 

On
May 15, 2019, Wilson Samuels (the Samuels Action filed a putative derivative complaint purportedly on behalf of the Company
against the same current and former directors and officers named in the Jie Action other than Steven Qiang Liu. That action was filed
in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. Samuels repeats the allegations of the Complaint in the Jie
Action. Additionally, Samuels claims that, in announcing its change of auditing firms in September 2016, the Company asserted that this
change was made because its existing auditor ceased auditing public companies subject to regulation in the United States without disclosing
that its new auditing firm was created in a merger of three accounting firms, including a firm whose registration was revoked by the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Samuels also claims that the Company redeemed its stock in reliance upon the same purported
fraudulent recognition of revenues claimed in the putative class action. Samuels purports to state direct claims under Sections 10(b)
and 20 of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5. 

On
March 3, 2020, the defendants filed motions to stay the derivative actions until the Barney Action is resolved or alternatively to dismiss
on the grounds that plaintiffs failure to make demand upon the Board of Directors was not excused and the Complaints otherwise
fail to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. By Order entered April 7, 2020, the Court granted defendants Motion to
Stay and stayed the Jie Action until the Barney Action is resolved. The Court subsequently entered a similar Order in the Samuels Action.
It also took a motion that the derivative plaintiffs filed to consolidate the proceedings and appoint lead counsel off calendar. 

With
the settlement of the Barney action, the derivative actions will be activated. The parties disagree as to when that will occur. Defendants
have asserted that the Action must remained stayed until the final disposition of the Barney Action, meaning, the Court s final
approval of the Settlement. Plaintiff s position is that the Court should lift the stay because the class action plaintiffs agreed
to settle the case. The Court has yet to address this issue. 

While
these derivative actions are purportedly asserted on behalf of the Company, when they are subsequently activated, it is possible that
the Company may directly incur attorneys fees and costs in advancing the costs of defense for its current directors and officers
pursuant to contractual and legal indemnity obligations. The Company believes there is no basis to the derivative complaints and they
will be vigorously defended if necessary. 

Other
than the above, the Company is not currently a party to any legal proceeding, investigation or claim which, in the opinion of the management,
is likely to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations. 

million to Shopants Sdn Bhd, an unrelated third party, for cash consideration of 
million. 

F- 30 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NOVA LIFESTYLE, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thanh H. Lam 

Thanh
 H. Lam 
 Chairperson
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Power
of Attorney 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Thanh H. Lam and Jeffery Chuang,
jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign
any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute
or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Thanh H. Lam 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairperson 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Thanh
 H. Lam 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jeffery Chuang 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Jeffery
 Chuang 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Min Su 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Min
 Su 

/s/
 Ming-Cherng Sky Tsai 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Ming-Cherng
 Sky Tsai 

/s/
 Umesh Patel 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Umesh
 Patel 

/s/
 Huy P. La 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Huy
 P. La 

39 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit
4.4 

Description
of the Company s Common Stock Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

Nova
LifeStyle, Inc. (the Company , we , us or our has one class of securities registered
under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act which consists of common stock,
 0.001 par value per share (the Common Stock ). The following is a summary of information concerning our Common Stock. This
summary does not purport to be a complete statement of the relevant provisions of the Common Stock and is qualified in its entirety by
the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles of Incorporation ), our Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ), and applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS ). 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share. Currently, we have no other authorized
class of stock. 

As
of April 12, 2023, there were 7,194,018 shares of our Common Stock outstanding, held by approximately 47 stockholders of record. In addition,
there are 134,000 option shares that were granted and vested but not yet issued, 3,000 shares of unvested restricted stock of the Company s
common stock and the warrants to purchase 1,225,959 shares of common stock of the Company as of April 12, 2023. Our Common Stock is currently
traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol NVFY . The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Issuer
Direct Corporation. 

The
holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting. The
holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by our board of directors out
of legally available funds; however, the current policy of our board of directors is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth.
Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally
available for distribution. The holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. 

All
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Shares of our Common Stock that may be offered for resale,
from time to time, under this prospectus will be fully paid and nonassessable. 

As
a Nevada corporation, we are also subject to certain provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS that have anti-takeover
effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination. These provisions are intended to encourage any person
interested in acquiring us to negotiate with, and to obtain the approval of, our board of directors in connection with such a transaction.
However, certain of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of us, including an acquisition in which the stockholders might
otherwise receive a premium for their shares. As a result, stockholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not
have the opportunity to do so. The NRS provides that specified persons who, with or through their affiliates or associates, own, or affiliates
and associates of the subject corporation at any time within two years own or did own, 10 or more of the outstanding voting stock of
a corporation cannot engage in specified business combinations with the corporation for a period of two years after the date on which
the person became an interested stockholder, unless the combination meets all of the requirements of the articles of incorporation of
the company, and: (i) the combination or transaction by which such person first became an interested stockholder was approved by the
board of directors before they first became an interested stockholder; or (ii) such combination is approved by: (x) the board of directors;
and (y) at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders (not by written consent), the affirmative vote of stockholders representing
at least 60 of the outstanding voting power not beneficially owned by such interested stockholder. The law defines the term business
combination to encompass a wide variety of transactions with or caused by an interested stockholder, including mergers, asset
sales and other transactions in which the interested stockholder receives or could receive a benefit on other than a pro rata basis with
other stockholders. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit 10.13 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered into as of this 18th day of August, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between Nova Lifestyle Inc., a
Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Jeffery Chuang (the Executive ). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS , the parties desire
to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the employment relationship between the Executive and the Company. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration
of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. EMPLOYMENT . 

1.1 Agreement to Employ .
The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to serve, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as an
officer and employee of the Company. 

1.2 Duties and Schedule .
Executive shall serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and be the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer of the Company and responsible for all financial matters and management of the Company. The Executive shall report directly to
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors (the Board and shall have such responsibilities
as designated by the Chief Executive Officer or Board to the extent that such responsibilities are not inconsistent with all applicable
laws, regulations and rules. Executive shall devote his best efforts and all of his business time to his position with the Company during
the Term. 

2. TERM OF EMPLOYMENT .
Unless Executive s employment shall sooner terminate pursuant to Section 4, the Company shall employ Executive for a one-year term
commencing on August 22, 2022 (the Term ), which Term shall be renewable upon mutual agreement of the Company and
the Executive, as approved by the Board. 

3. COMPENSATION . 

3.1 Salary . Executive s
salary during the Term shall be 60,000 per year (the Salary ), payable weekly. 

3.2 Bonus . At the sole
discretion of the Board, or any committee duly designated by the Board and authorized to act thereto, the Executive shall be eligible
for an annual cash bonus. 

3.3 Vacation . Executive
shall be entitled to 8 days of paid vacation per year. In the event that Executive remains employed by the Company for 3 years or more,
Executive shall be entitled to 12 days of paid vacation. 

3.4 Business Expenses .
Executive shall be reimbursed by the Company for all ordinary and necessary expenses incurred by Executive; provided that they are incurred
and approved in writing in accordance with the Company s expense policy. 

3.5 Benefits . During the
Term, Executive shall be allowed to participate, on the same basis generally as other employees of the Company, in all general employee
benefit plans and programs, including improvements or modifications of the same, which may exist as of August 22, 2022 or thereafter and
which are made available by the Company to all or substantially all of its employees. Such benefits, plans, and programs may include,
without limitation, any health, and dental insurance or 401K programs, if and when instituted. Any benefit plan existing or instituted
by the Company after August 22, 2022 may be altered, change or discontinued by the Company at its sole discretion and at any time without
obligation of any nature to Executive. Except as specifically provided herein, nothing in this Agreement is to be construed or interpreted
to increase or alter in any way the rights, participation, coverage, or benefits under such benefit plans or programs to other than those
provided to other employees pursuant to the terms and conditions of such benefit plans and programs. 

1 

4. TERMINATION . 

4.1 Death . This Agreement
shall terminate immediately upon the death of Executive, and Executive s estate or Executive s legal representative, as the
case may be, shall be entitled to Executive s accrued and unpaid Salary as of the date of Executive s death, plus all other
compensation and benefits that were vested through the date of Executive s death. 

4.2 Disability . In the
event of Executive s Disability, this Agreement shall terminate and Executive shall be entitled to (a) accrued and unpaid Salary
and vacation through the first date that a Disability is determined; and (b) all other compensation and benefits that were vested through
the first date that a Disability has been determined. Disability means the good faith determination of the
Board that Executive has become so physically or mentally incapacitated or disabled as to be unable to satisfactorily perform his duties
hereunder for a period of ninety (90) consecutive calendar days or for one- hundred twenty (120) days in any three-hundred sixty (360)
day period, such determination based upon a certificate as to such physical or mental disability issued by a licensed physician and/or
psychiatrist (as the case may be) mutually agreed upon by Executive and the Company. 

4.3 Termination by Company
for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive for Cause and such termination shall take effect upon the receipt by Executive
of the Notice of Termination. Upon the effective date of the termination for Cause, Executive shall be solely entitled to accrued and
unpaid Salary through such effective date. Cause means: (i) engaging in any act, omission or misconduct that
is injurious to the Company or an affiliate; (ii) gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with the performance of duties;
(iii) conviction of a criminal offense (other than minor traffic offenses); (iv) fraud, embezzlement or misappropriation of funds or property
of the Company or an affiliate; (v) material breach of any term of any employment or other services, confidentiality, intellectual property
or non-competition agreements, if any, between the Executive and the Company or an affiliate; (vi) the entry of an order duly issued by
any regulatory agency (including federal, state and local regulatory agencies and self-regulatory bodies) having jurisdiction over the
Company or an affiliate requiring the removal of the Executive from any office held with the Company or prohibiting the Executive from
participating in the business or affairs of the Company or any affiliate; or (vii) the revocation or threatened revocation of any of the
Company s or an affiliate s government licenses, permits or approvals, which is primarily due to the Executive s action
or inaction and such revocation or threatened revocation would be alleviated or mitigated in any material respect by the termination of
the Executive s employment or services with the Company or an affiliate. 

4.4 Voluntary Termination by
Executive . The Executive may voluntarily terminate his employment for any reason and such termination shall take effect 30 days after
the receipt by Company of the Notice of Termination. Upon the effective date of such termination, Executive shall be entitled to (a) accrued
and unpaid Salary and vacation through such termination date; and (b) all other compensation and benefits that were vested through such
termination date. In the event Executive is terminated without notice, it shall be deemed a termination by the Company for Cause. 

4.5 Notice of Termination .
Any termination of the employment by the Company or the Executive shall be communicated by a notice in accordance with Section 8.4 of
this Agreement (the Notice of Termination ). Such notice shall (a) indicate the specific termination provision in
this Agreement relied upon and (b) if the termination is for Cause, the date on which the Executive s employment is to be terminated. 

4.6 Severance . The Executive
shall not be entitled to severance payments upon any termination provided in Section 4 herein. 

5. EMPLOYEE S REPRESENTATION .
The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) he is subject to no contractual, fiduciary or other obligation which may
affect the performance of his duties under this Agreement; (b) he has terminated, in accordance with their terms, any contractual obligation
which may affect his performance under this Agreement; and (c) his employment with the Company will not require him to use or disclose
proprietary or confidential information of any other person or entity. 

2 

6. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
 Except as permitted or directed by the Board of Directors of the Company in writing, during the time the Executive is employed by
the Company or at any time thereafter, the Executive shall not use for his personal purposes nor divulge, furnish, or make accessible
to anyone or use in any way (other than in the ordinary course of the business of the Company) any confidential or secret information
or knowledge of the Company, whether developed by himself or by others. Such confidential and/or secret information encompassed by this
Section 6 includes, but is not limited to, the Company s customer and supplier lists, business plans, software, systems, and financial,
marketing, and personnel information. The Executive agrees to refrain from any acts or omissions that would reduce the value of any confidential
or secret knowledge or information to the Company, both during his employment hereunder and at any time after the termination of his employment.
The Executive s obligations of confidentiality under this Section 6 shall not apply to any knowledge or information that is now
published publicly or that subsequently becomes generally publicly known, other than as a direct or indirect result of a breach of this
Agreement by the Executive. 

7. NON-COMPETITION: NON-SOLICITATION;
INVENTIONS . 

7.1 Non-Competition . During
the employment of the Executive under this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months after termination of such employment, the Executive
shall not at any time compete on his own behalf, or on behalf of any other person or entity, with the Company or any of its affiliates
within all territories in which the Company does business with respect to the business of the Company or any of its affiliates as such
business shall be conducted on the date hereof or during the employment of the Executive under this Agreement. The ownership by the Executive
of not more than 5 of a corporation, partnership or other enterprise shall not constitute a violation hereof. 

7.2 Non-Solicitation . During
the employment of the Executive under this Agreement and thereafter Executive shall not at any time (i) solicit or induce, on his own
behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliates to leave the employ of the Company
or any of its affiliates; or (ii) solicit or induce, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, any customer or Prospective
Customer of the Company or any of their respective affiliates to reduce its business with the Company or any of its affiliates. For the
purposes of this Agreement, Prospective Customer shall mean any individual, corporation, trust or other business
entity which has either (a) entered into a nondisclosure agreement with the Company or any Company subsidiary or affiliate or (b) has
within the preceding 12 months received a currently pending and not rejected written proposal in reasonable detail from the Company or
any of the Company s subsidiary or affiliate. 

7.3 Inventions and Patents .
The Company shall be entitled to the sole benefit and exclusive ownership of any inventions or improvements in products, processes, or
other things that may be made or discovered by Executive while he is in the service of the Company, and all patents for the same. During
the Term, Executive shall do all acts necessary or required by the Company to give effect to this section and, following the Term, Executive
shall do all acts reasonably necessary or required by the Company to give effect to this section. In all cases, the Company shall pay
all costs and fees associated with such acts by Executive. 

7.4 Return of Property .
The Executive agrees that all property in the Executive s possession that he obtains or is assigned in the course of his employment
with the Company, including, without limitation, all documents, reports, manuals, memoranda, customer lists, credit cards, keys, access
cards, and all other property relating in any way to the business of the Company, is the exclusive property of the Company, even if the
Executive authored, created, or assisted in authoring or creating such property. The Executive shall return to the Company all such property
immediately upon termination of employment or at such earlier time as the Company may request. 

7.5 Court Ordered Revisions .
If any portion of this Section 7 is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, but would be valid and
enforceable if modified, this Section 7 shall apply with such modifications necessary to make this Section 7 valid and enforceable. Any
portion of this Section 7 not required to be so modified shall remain in full force and effect and not be affected thereby. 

7.6 Specific Performance .
The Executive acknowledges that the remedy at law for any breach of any of the provisions of Section 7 will be inadequate, and that the
Company shall be entitled, in addition to any remedy at law or in equity, to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief and specific
performance. 

3 

8. MISCELLANEOUS . 

8.1 Indemnification . The
Company and each of its subsidiaries shall, to the maximum extent provided under applicable law, indemnify and hold Executive harmless
from and against any expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees, judgments, fines, settlements and other legally permissible
amounts Losses ), incurred in connection with any proceeding arising out of, or related to, Executive s employment
by the Company, other than any such Losses incurred as a result of Executive s negligence or willful misconduct. The Company shall,
or shall cause a subsidiary thereof to, advance to Executive any expenses, including attorney s fees and costs of settlement, incurred
in defending any such proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Such costs and expenses incurred by Executive in defense
of any such proceeding shall be paid by the Company or applicable subsidiary in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding promptly
upon receipt by the Company of (a) written request for payment; (b) appropriate documentation evidencing the incurrence, amount and nature
of the costs and expenses for which payment is being sought; and (c) an undertaking adequate under applicable law made by or on behalf
of Executive to repay the amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined pursuant to any non-appealable judgment or settlement
that Executive is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company or any subsidiary thereof. The Company will provide Executive with coverage
under all directors and officers liability insurance policies that it has in effect during the Term, with no deductible to Executive. 

8.2 Applicable Law . Except
as may be otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada,
applied without reference to principles of conflict of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
state and federal courts sitting in Clark County, Nevada. 

8.3 Amendments . This Agreement
may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors or
legal representatives. 

8.4 Notices . All notices
and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand-delivery to the other party, by an international mail
courier, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 

If to the Executive: 

Jeffery Chuang 

 ________________________ 

 ________________________ 

If to the Company: 

 6565 East Washington Blvd. 

 Commerce, CA 90040 

 Attn: Board of Directors 

Or to such other address as either party shall have
furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notices and communications shall be effective when delivered to the addressee. 

8.5 Withholding . The Company
may withhold from any amounts payable under the Agreement, such federal, state and local income, unemployment, social security and similar
employment related taxes and similar employment related withholdings as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law
or regulation. 

8.6 Severability . The invalidity
or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement and any such provision which is not valid or enforceable in whole shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

8.7 Captions . The captions
of this Agreement are not part of the provisions and shall have no force or effect. 

4 

8.8 Entire Agreement . This
Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings,
discussions, negotiations and undertakings, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect thereto. 

8.9 Survival . The respective
rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement or the Executive s employment hereunder
to the extent necessary to the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. 

8.10 Waiver . Either Party s
failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or
provisions, or prevent that party thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. 

8.11 Successors . This Agreement
is personal to Executive and, without the prior express written consent of the Company, shall not be assignable by Executive. This Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s estate, heirs, beneficiaries, and/or legal representatives. This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 

8.12 Joint Efforts/Counterparts .
Preparation of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the joint effort of the parties hereto and shall not be construed more severely against
any party. This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8.13 Representation by Counsel .
Each Party hereby represents that it has had the opportunity to be represented by legal counsel of its choice in connection with the negotiation
and execution of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed
this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE: 
 
 NOVA LIFESTYLE,
 INC. 

/s/Jeffery
 Chuang 
 
 /s/Thanh
 H. Lam 
 
 Jeffery Chuang 
 
 Thanh H. Lam 

Chief Executive Officer 

5 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Nova
LifeStyle, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 

Subsidiary Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Percentage Owned 
 
 Diamond Bar Outdoors, Inc. 
 California, U.S. 
 100 
 
 Nova Furniture Limited 
 British Virgin Islands 
 100 
 
 Nova Furniture Limited (Samoa) 
 Samoa 
 100 
 
 i Design Blockchain Technology, Inc. 
 California, U.S. 
 100 
 
 Nova Living (M) SDN. BHD. 
 Malaysia 
 100 

Indicates subsidiary of a subsidiary. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-268939), the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-193746, 333-205768, 333-249384 and 333-261343)
and the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-197735 and 333-257139) of Nova LifeStyle, Inc. (the Company of
our report dated April 8, 2022, relating to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, which
report appears in this Annual Report on Form I0-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Centurion ZD CPA Co. 

 Centurion
ZD CPA Co. 

 Hong
Kong, China 

April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1(File No. 333-268939), Form S-3 (File
Nos. 333-193746, 333-205768, 333-249384 and 333-261343) and the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-257139 and
333-197735) of Nova LifeStyle, Inc. (the Company of our report dated April 17, 2023,
relating to the Company s consolidated financial statements which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

 WWC, P.C. 

 San Mateo, California 

April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Thanh H. Lam, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, of Nova LifeStyle, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thanh H. Lam 

Thanh
 H. Lam 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jeffery Chuang, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, of Nova LifeStyle, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeffery Chuang 

Jeffery
 Chuang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Thanh H. Lam, Chief Executive Officer of Nova Lifestyle, Inc., certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nova LifeStyle, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Nova LifeStyle, Inc. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Thanh H. Lam 

Thanh
 H. Lam 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

The
foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Nova LifeStyle,
Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any
general incorporation language in such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Nova LifeStyle, Inc. and will be retained by Nova
LifeStyle, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jeffery Chuang, Chief Financial Officer of Nova Lifestyle, Inc., certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nova LifeStyle, Inc. for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information
contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Nova LifeStyle, Inc. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeffery Chuang 

Jeffery
 Chuang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

The
foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Nova LifeStyle,
Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any
general incorporation language in such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Nova LifeStyle, Inc. and will be retained by Nova
LifeStyle, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 nvfy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 nvfy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 nvfy-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 nvfy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

