<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230403_10-K_edgar_data_1865407_0001193125-23-088456.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4954176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422054</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>921642</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1201298</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1209144</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1090701</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-088456.hdr.sgml : 20230403
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331192055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-088456
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230403
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865407
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981592043
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40741
		FILM NUMBER:		23789891

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 OLD COUNTRY ROAD, SUITE 301
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590
		BUSINESS PHONE:		703-674-6514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 OLD COUNTRY ROAD, SUITE 301
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-088456.txt : 20230403

10-K
 1
 d406315d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class:

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Auditor PCAOB ID Number: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 
 At June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, was approximately based on the last reported sales price of 9.89 on the New York Stock Exchange. 

 As of December 31, 2022, Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

18 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

54 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

54 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

54 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

54 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

55 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 

56 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

56 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

61 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

61 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

61 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

61 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

62 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

63 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

70 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

70 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

71 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

74 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

76 

i 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our being a company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses in the industrials sector; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses in the industrials sector; 

risks associated with acquiring an operating company or business in the industrials sector; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance following our initial public offering; 

the expected accounting for our public warrants as derivative liabilities; and 

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in the section of this Report entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Unless otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares, collectively; 

Company, our, we or us are to Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

equity-linked securities are to any securities of our Company that are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, ordinary shares of our Company; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares issued upon the conversion thereof as described herein; 

initial shareholders are to holders of our founder shares (or their permitted transferees); 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and in the private placements consummated on August 4, 2022 and February 15, 2023; 

ordinary resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the Company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

public shares are to Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of our management team s status as a public shareholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

special resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority (or such higher threshold as specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the Company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

specified future issuance are to an issuance of a class of equity or equity-linked securities to certain purchasers, which may include affiliates of our management team, that we may determine to make in connection with financing our initial business combination; 

sponsor are to Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of Justin Mirro; 

trust account means the trust account that holds a portion of the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering; and 

warrants are to our warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of risks, uncertainties and other factors related to our Company. You should carefully consider all of the risk factors presented in Item 1A. Risk Factors and all other information contained in this Report including the financial statements. 

We are a company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our initial proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into certain transactions, including purchasing shares or warrants from the public, which may influence on the outcome of a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination. 

The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

If we have not completed our initial business combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such allotted time period before redemption from our trust account. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for use to consummate an initial business combination. 

We may face risks related to businesses in the industrials sector. 

Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Our public and private warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests through the U.S. federal courts, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. 
 v 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on March 19, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any stage of its corporate evolution or in any industry, sector or geographic location (subject to certain limitations described in this Report), we intend to focus our search in the North American and European industrials sector. Initial Public Offering On August 17, 2021, the Company consummated the initial public offering of 27,600,000 units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,600,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 276,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, the Company consummated a private placement of 11,360,000 private placement warrants at a price of 0.75 per private placement warrant to the sponsor and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of the direct anchor investors, generating gross proceeds of 8,520,000. Following the closing of the initial public offering on August 17, 2021, an amount of 276,000,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants was placed in the trust account. On each of August 4, 2022 and February 15, 2023, the Company consummated an additional private placement of 3,680,000 private placement warrants at a price of 0.75 per additional private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of an aggregate of 5,520,000. The additional private placement warrants were purchased by the sponsor and are substantially similar to the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor at the time of the Company s initial public offering. The additional private placement warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by, the warrant agreement that the Company entered into at the time of the initial public offering. The proceeds received by the Company in connection with the issuance of the additional private placement warrants have been deposited in the trust account. In accordance with the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Combination Period (as defined below) was extended by 12 months in the aggregate to August 17, 2023. Our Class A ordinary shares, units and warrants are each traded on The New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), under the symbols KCGI, KCGI.U and KCGI WS, respectively. Our units began trading on the NYSE on August 13, 2021, and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began trading on the NYSE on October 4, 2021. Our Management Team The members of our management team bring on average 25 years of operating and transactional experience as well as a broad industry network that encompasses a wide array of subsectors within the industrials sector. We believe our management team has complementary skills and experience relevant to our target market, as well as a track record of working together and providing creative solutions for complex transactions, which we believe represents a competitive advantage. This experience is supplemented with an in-depth network of relationships that extend to corporations across the industrials sector as well as private equity firms. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Our management team has experience in: 

sourcing, structuring, acquiring, financing and selling industrials businesses; 

operating companies as senior executives and active board members, and setting clear and effective business strategies for companies in the industrials sector; 

leveraging strategic insight from their mergers and acquisitions and capital structuring experience based on debt and equity capital executions; and 

deploying a broad value creation toolkit including identifying value enhancements and delivering operating efficiency. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to identify and complete a business combination with a company in the industrials sector that demonstrates significant growth potential and/or value creation opportunities for our shareholders. Identified target companies may demonstrate the characteristics set out under our Acquisition Criteria below. We believe our management team s operational, financial and transaction experience in good and bad economic environments, along with our deep understanding of the industrials sector will allow us to effectively and efficiently identify and evaluate potential opportunities for our initial business combination. Moreover, we believe our collective relationships and operational credibility, will facilitate deal flow and resonate with the management, customers and owners of prospective target companies. To achieve a successful initial business combination, our management team will leverage their experience and transatlantic network in the industrials sector and their data analysis proficiency to quickly identify a company with a strong competitive position, that can benefit from being a public company to execute its growth strategy and create value. We believe our targeted industrials sector focus and our management team s background and experience will make us an attractive partner for strong management teams and owners looking to enter the next phase of business growth. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we expect to identify companies that have compelling growth potential and a combination of the following characteristics. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We seek to acquire companies or assets with a significant share of the following characteristics: 

Industrials businesses. We will seek businesses that are in or may enter the industrials sector where businesses can benefit from our management team s deep operational experience and vast network of industry relationships. Additionally, our operational and financial experience in the industrials space will allow us to effectively evaluate the soundness of a potential target s business plans, management executional capabilities and potential impact of future industry trends. Our management team s collective profile enables us to conduct diligence efficiently, rapidly assess opportunities and identify value creation opportunities for our shareholders; 

Middle-market businesses. We will seek middle-market businesses with an enterprise value greater than 1,000,000,000, determined at the sole discretion of our management team according to reasonably accepted valuation standards and methodologies; 

Solid financial performance with financial visibility. We will seek businesses with either proven or attractive future financial performance, or the near-term opportunity to buttress profitable revenue streams, improve financial performance, and generate strong, sustainable cash flow; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Strong competitive position and growth potential. We will seek businesses that have intellectual property, brand value or innovation in the industrials segments that can create growth opportunities or higher profitability compared to their competitors; 

Established management teams . We will seek businesses that have established, competent management teams that can benefit from our team s experience and networks; 

Consolidation opportunities. We will seek businesses that could serve as a solid foundation for industry consolidations and roll-ups; 

COVID-impacted businesses. The global pandemic has left previously strong businesses, with otherwise solid business plans, in a fragile operational state with limited liquidity options. We can utilize our equity capital, along with our management team s operational, financial and industry experience, to stabilize the capital structure and revenue base of such businesses; 

Entrepreneurs / unnatural owners. We will seek businesses that are owned by entrepreneurs and / or unnatural owners that are looking for a partner with our expertise and background to help execute the next stage of their growth; and 

Can benefit from being a public company. We will seek businesses that can benefit from being a public company, including broader access to equity and debt capital markets, the public profile associated with being a publicly-traded company and increased governance discipline as compared to being private. These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination that we would file with the SEC. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. Initial Business Combination Our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). The requirement that the target business or businesses together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account is set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and will continue to apply to us even if our securities are no longer listed on the NYSE. If our board 
 3 

Table of Contents 

is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own or acquire shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. In addition, we agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of 
 4 

Table of Contents 

certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following August 17, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 266,340,000, after payment of 9,660,000 of deferred underwriting fees, which includes funds not held in the trust account, in each case before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we complete our initial business combination. We intend to complete our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other assets, companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (which may include a specified future issuance), and we may complete our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering or loans rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or we decide to do so for business or other reasons, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any specified future issuance, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Sources of Target Businesses We expect to receive proprietary transaction opportunities to originate as a result of the business relationships, direct outreach, and deal sourcing activities of our management team. In addition to the proprietary deal flow, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms, private equity groups, large business enterprises, and other market participants. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our management team, as well as some of their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. In no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Lack of Business Diversification We may complete our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been 
 6 

Table of Contents 

operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is presently unknown if any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, to the extent that we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under the NYSE s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of ordinary shares to be issued, or if the number of ordinary shares into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1 of the number of ordinary shares or 1 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors and officers or (b) 5 of the number of ordinary shares or 5 of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial security holders; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

The Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our initial business combination. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rules will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the Company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the Company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the Company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. Permitted Purchases of, and other Transactions with Respect to, our Securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of securities such persons may purchase. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such purchases or other transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such purchases or other transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. Such persons will be subject to restrictions in making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the initial business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a 
 8 

Table of Contents 

closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such transactions may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of public shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will be restricted unless such purchases are made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account, as of December 31, 2022, was approximately 10.26 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There are no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made 
 9 

Table of Contents 

by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event that we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. Our sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to their founder shares, we would need 9,000,001, or 37.5 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or 1,500,001, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 27,600,000 public shares to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and instead may search for an alternate business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem to no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target 
 11 

Table of Contents 

that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the Company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the Company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the Company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or two business days prior to the date of the general meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable (unless we elect to allow additional withdrawal rights). Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a different business combination until August 17, 2023, or during any extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (an Extension Period ). Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. Our sponsor, officers, and directors agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 2,333,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, nor will the underwriters of our initial public offering. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy 
 14 

Table of Contents 

those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We may have access to up to approximately 2,333,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims. If we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our Company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only on the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination and then, only in connection with those public shares that such shareholder has properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this Report, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed our business combination by August 17, 2023, subject to applicable law. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Shareholders who do not exercise their rights to the funds in connection with an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association would still have rights to the funds in connection with a subsequent business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Holders of warrants will not have any rights of proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business, we expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Facilities Our executive offices are located at 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 301, Westbury, New York 11590 and our telephone number is (703) 674-6514. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have five officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target 
 16 

Table of Contents 

business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB standards. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP and PCAOB standards or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP and PCAOB standards. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Amended) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. You should consider carefully all of the following risk factors, together with the other information contained in this Report including the financial statements. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation. Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our initial proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to their founder shares, we would need 9,000,001, or 37.5 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or 1,500,001, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 27,600,000 public shares to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our sponsor owns shares representing 20.0 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if our sponsor, officers and directors agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause us to not meet such net tangible asset condition, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. At the time of our initial public offering, our sponsor, officers and directors agreed that we must complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2022. This time period has been extended at our sponsor s option by 12 months in the aggregate to August 17, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the 24-month period, we may seek an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the period of time we have to complete an initial business combination beyond 24 months. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that such an amendment be approved by a special resolution. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization 
 20 

Table of Contents 

declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) that could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we seek to consummate, or consummate, a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target Company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into certain transactions, including purchasing shares or warrants from the public, which may influence the outcome of a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the initial business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount 
 21 

Table of Contents 

of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the Class A ordinary shares which our public shareholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive 
 22 

Table of Contents 

only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination. This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial business combination. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least August 17, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least August 17, 2023 , assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until August 17, 2023 ; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022, we held 1,235,676 outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate, or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 0.75 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. The market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, after completion of any initial business combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to 
 24 

Table of Contents 

any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, nor will the underwriters of our initial public offering. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust 
 25 

Table of Contents 

account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, 
 26 

Table of Contents 

the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which special purpose acquisition companies could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, and certain positions and legal conclusions expressed by the SEC in connection with the 2022 Proposed Rules may materially adversely affect our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC (which may be impractical and would require significant changes in, among other things, our capital structure); 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business 
 27 

Table of Contents 

combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. The 2022 Proposed Rule under the Investment Company Act would provide a safe harbor for special purpose acquisition companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a special purpose acquisition company s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require a special purpose acquisition vehicle to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The special purpose acquisition company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a special purpose acquisition company that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule or otherwise falls outside of the other provisions of the safe harbor. We do not believe that our principal activities currently make us an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account have only been invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our results are not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. Shareholders who do not exercise their rights to the funds in connection with an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would still have rights to the funds in connection with a subsequent business combination. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. Although the 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, and one or more elements of the 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, may not be adopted or may be adopted in a revised form, we do not have an agreement in place with a target for a business combination. Accordingly, we may not be able to complete our business combination by August 17, 2023. If the 2022 Proposed Rules are adopted as proposed or in similar form, therefore, we may fall outside of the proposed safe harbor and the SEC could deem us to be subject to regulation as an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our 
 28 

Table of Contents 

warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such allotted time period before redemption from our trust account. If we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or during any Extension Period, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable to a fine of approximately 18,000 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to elect directors. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into on or prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares, after those shares convert to Class A ordinary shares. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic area nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. Although we expect to focus our search for a target business in the industrials sector, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to complete our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a shareholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Members of our management team may in the future be involved in governmental investigations and civil litigation relating to the business affairs of companies with which they are, were, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may negatively affect our ability to consummate an initial business combination. During the course of their careers, members of our management team have been employed by, served as board members of, and assisted many companies going through turnarounds, as well as companies in special situations, such as financial distress, restructuring and companies suffering from mismanagement in attempts to rectify such problems. As a result of their involvement with companies in these situations, they may in the future be involved in governmental investigations and civil litigation relating to the business affairs of such companies. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Any such investigations or litigations may divert our management team s attention and resources away from searching for an initial business combination, may be detrimental to our reputation, and thus may negatively affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our Company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a shareholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will 
 31 

Table of Contents 

endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue additional ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 72,400,000 and 3,100,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the Class A ordinary shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of Class B ordinary shares. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into our Class A ordinary shares initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary or preference shares to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to a specified future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares to redeem the warrants as described herein or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The restriction on issuing additional shares described in the prior sentence will expire upon consummation of our initial business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 
 32 

Table of Contents 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. The investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may hold), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our sponsor owns 6,900,000 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 18,720,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, for a purchase price of approximately 14,040,000, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination within the allocated time period. Our sponsor, officers and directors agreed to vote any founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors agreed not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director, although they are under no obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no 
 33 

Table of Contents 

issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. Following our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, 276,000,000 is available to complete our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses (of which 9,660,000 is for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions). We may complete our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

In order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our shareholders or warrant holders may not support. In order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or other governing instruments, including to extend the time to consummate an initial business combination, in order to complete our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), other than as described herein, may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our outstanding ordinary shares, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter or memorandum and articles of association which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the Company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the Company s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by a special resolution thereon adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders if at least 65 of our outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon; provided that amendments relating to the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination require a resolution passed by the holders of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares. We may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The restriction on issuing additional securities described in the prior sentence will expire upon consummation of our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own at least 20.0 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which will govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor, officers, and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 
 36 

Table of Contents 

2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our public shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our public shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. Our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own shares representing 20.0 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any units in our initial public offering or if our initial shareholders purchase any additional ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. Our sponsor also exercised the ability to extend the time we will have to consummate an initial business combination by an additional 12 months. In addition, prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares may remove members of our board of directors for any reason. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by certain of our initial shareholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of our initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will be able to control the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 20,700,000 Class A ordinary as part of the units sold in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we issued private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 11,360,000 Class A ordinary shares at 11.50 per share, as part of the private placement warrants. Our initial shareholders currently own an aggregate of 6,900,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 0.75 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Additionally, in connection with the sponsor exercising the right to extend the time the Company will have to consummate its business combination, we issued an additional 7,360,000 private placement warrants. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to complete our initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants have the same terms as the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) the holders thereof (including with respect to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. The private placement warrants will not vote on any amendments to the warrant agreement discussed elsewhere in this Report. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for use to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies, if 

we issue additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), 

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and 
 38 

Table of Contents 

the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), then the exercise price of each warrant will be adjusted such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may 
 39 

Table of Contents 

be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a shareholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own or acquire shares will own less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the Company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a shareholder or warrant holder following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the 
 40 

Table of Contents 

operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. We may face risks related to businesses in the industrials sector. Business combinations with businesses in the industrials sector entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

a reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; 

an inability to attract and retain customers; 

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we would utilize in our operations; 

an inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms; 

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute; 

competition for the discretionary spending of customers, which may intensify in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; 

disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber-attacks, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar events; 

an inability to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support; 

reliance on third-party vendors or service providers; and 

The adverse impacts of the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) on the industrials sector. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to the industrials sector. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or may not be different than those risks listed above. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our Management Team Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Members of our management team may be able to remain with the Company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses, including other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation or other economic benefit. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the 
 42 

Table of Contents 

completion of our initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them in the future expect to become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us (and they may also participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, another special purpose acquisition company) and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and in the future expect to become, affiliated with other entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities including those to which they then owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Any such entities may access business combination opportunities ahead of us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Any other special purpose acquisition company may also have terms that are the same or different than our terms, including terms that are more favorable to its investors and/or potential target businesses. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor (or its affiliates), officers or directors or otherwise acquire a business that later becomes affiliated with our sponsor (or its affiliates) or otherwise carry out non-arm s length transactions with any of such parties. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a 
 43 

Table of Contents 

majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our Company and our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Risks Relating to our Securities You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 , subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our securities may not continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public shareholders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, in order for our Class A ordinary shares to be listed upon the consummation of our initial business combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our global market capitalization would be required to be at least 200,000,000, the aggregate market value of publicly-held shares would be required to be at least 100,000,000 and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot holders. We may not be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without out prior consent. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of our initial business combination, holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least two-thirds (2/3) of all holders (which must include a simple majority of the holders of Class B ordinary shares). Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our Company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, we agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this Report forms a part or a new registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective 
 46 

Table of Contents 

provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or working capital warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants or working capital warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants or working capital warrants, as applicable. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us. Because each unit contains three-fourths of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains three-fourths of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for three fourths of the number of shares compared to units that each contain one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. Our warrant agreement provided that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the 
 47 

Table of Contents 

exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We have waived any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a NY foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (a NY enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such NY enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the NY foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Our public and private warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. We have issued 20,700,000 public warrants as part of the units in our initial public offering. We have also issued, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, 11,360,000 private placement warrants and, in connection with our sponsor exercising its option to extend the period of time we will have to complete an initial business combination, an additional 7,360,000 private placement warrants. We account for the warrants underlying the units offered by this Report as a warrant liability. At each reporting period (1) the accounting treatment of the warrants will be re-evaluated for proper accounting treatment as a liability or equity and (2) the fair value of the liability of the public warrants will be remeasured and the change in the fair value of the liability will be recorded as other income (expense) in our income statement. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a special purpose acquisition company SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests through the U.S. federal courts, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of 
 48 

Table of Contents 

the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States. We have been advised that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which are held by our initial shareholders, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares may remove members of our board of directors for any reason, each of which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. A shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to our indemnification obligations. We are party to agreements with our directors and officers that provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of 
 49 

Table of Contents 

association. A shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to such indemnification provisions. Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries Our initial business combination or reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income or otherwise subject it to adverse tax consequences in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding taxes, other taxes or other adverse tax consequences with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. We may be a passive foreign investment company PFIC ), which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election. However, there is no assurance that we will timely provide such required information or that we will continue to endeavor to provide such information following an initial business combination. Such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriations of assets. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the Company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will 
 51 

Table of Contents 

remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. General Risk Factors We are a company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with our management team and their respective affiliates, including Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. Kensington SPAC I ), Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. II Kensington SPAC II and Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. IV Kensington SPAC IV ), is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates, including with respect to Kensington SPAC I, Kensington SPAC II and Kensington SPAC IV is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s and their respective affiliates performance, including with respect to Kensington SPAC I, Kensington SPAC II and Kensington SPAC IV, as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. In addition, an investment in us is not an investment in any other entities affiliated with our management team. Furthermore, our sponsor was formed for the sole purpose of holding securities of our Company with no operational or historical record. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any business in which members of our management team were previously, are now or in the future become, affiliated or otherwise associated with are subject to events that detrimentally impact its reputation or results of operations or otherwise do not perform as expected, such events, results or performance may be detrimental to our representation and thus may negatively affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the 
 53 

Table of Contents 

new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. Mail addressed to the Company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by Company to be dealt with. None of the Company, its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. Our executive offices are located at 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 301, Westbury, New York 11590 and our telephone number is (703) 674-6514. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our sponsor. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. None. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market Information Our units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on The New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), under the symbols KCGI.U, KCGI and KCGI WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on August 13, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on October 4, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders On March 21, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares and one holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) 
 Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities On each of August 4, 2022 and February 15, 2023, the Company consummated an additional private placement of 3,680,000 private placement warrants at a price of 0.75 per additional private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of an aggregate of 5,520,000. The additional private placement warrants were purchased by the sponsor and are substantially similar to the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor at the time of the Company s initial public offering. The additional private placement warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by, the warrant agreement that the Company entered into at the time of the initial public offering. The proceeds received by the Company in connection with the issuance of the additional private placement warrants have been deposited in the trust account. In accordance with the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Combination Period (as defined below) was extended by 12 months in the aggregate to August 17, 2023. 

(f) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. 
 Reserved. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References in this management s discussion and analysis to the Company, Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V, our, us or we refer to Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on March 19, 2021. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). As of December 31, 2022, we had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. Our sponsor is Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August 12, 2021. On August 17, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which included the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase 3,600,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 276.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 15.7 million, of which approximately 9.7 million and approximately 889,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement (the Initial Private Placement and together with the Additional Private Placements (as defined below), the Private Placements of 11,360,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively with the Additional Private Placement Warrants (as defined below), the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 0.75 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 8.5 million. Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Initial Private Placement, 276.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Warrants in the Initial Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On each of August 4, 2022 and February 15, 2023, we consummated a private placement (each, an Additional Private Placement and collectively, the Additional Private Placements of 3,680,000 warrants (each, an Additional Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of 0.75 per Additional Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of an aggregate of 5,520,000. The Additional Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and are substantially similar to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Initial Public Offering. The Additional Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by, the Warrant Agreement that we entered into at the time of the Initial Public Offering. The proceeds received by us in connection with the issuance of the Additional Private Placement Warrants have been deposited in the Trust Account. In accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Memorandum and Articles ), the Combination Period (as defined below) was extended by 12 months in the aggregate to August 17, 2023. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination by August 17, 2023 (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.2 million in our operating bank account and working capital of approximately 0.7 million. Our liquidity needs through December 31, 2022 were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), and the loan from the Sponsor of approximately 150,000 under the Note (as defined in Note 4), which was converted into a Working Capital Loan (as defined in Note 4) on August 17, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Initial Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 150,000 and 200,000 outstanding under the Working Capital Loan, respectively. Based upon the analysis above, management has determined that the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its anticipated obligations for at least twelve months after the financial statements are available to be issued, as such, the events and circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the ASC 205-40, the Company has until August 17, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Results of Operations Our entire activity from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, was in preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and since our Initial Public Offering, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately 29.2 million, which consisted of a non-cash gain of approximately 26.3 million for the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, 50,000 in change in fair value of Working Capital Loan related party and approximately 4.2 million of income from investments held in the Trust Account, partly offset by approximately 1.1 million in general and administrative expenses, and 240,000 in administrative expenses-related party. For the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 9.5 million, which consisted of approximately 454,000 in general and administrative expenses, 100,000 in administrative expenses-related party, approximately 889,000 in offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities, and 50,000 in change in fair value of working capital loan related party, a non-cash loss of approximately 8.0 million for the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, offset by approximately 57,000 of income from investments held in the Trust Account. Contractual Obligations Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 3,600,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment on August 17, 2021. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or approximately 5.5 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 0.35 per unit, or approximately 9.7 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Service and Administrative Fees On August 12, 2021, we entered into an agreement with DEHC LLC, an affiliate the Company s Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to which we agreed to pay for service and administrative fees of 20,000 per month for 18 months (upon completion of the initial Business Combination, any portion of the amounts due that have not yet been paid will accelerate). For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred 240,000 and 100,000 for such expenses, respectively, included as general and administrative expenses-related party on the statement of operations contained herein. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had paid in full for such services. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Derivative Financial Instruments We evaluate our financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statement of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liabilities may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, 27,600,000 Class A 
 59 

Table of Contents 

ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity (deficit) section of the Company s balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Offering Costs Associated with Initial Public Offering Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities were expensed as incurred and presented as non-operating expenses in the statement of operations. Offering costs associated with the Class A ordinary shares were charged against the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company classifies deferred underwriting commissions as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. The calculation of diluted net income (loss) does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering (including the consummation of the over-allotment) and the private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 35,740,000 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. The Company has considered the effect of Class B ordinary shares that were excluded from the weighted average number of basic shares outstanding as they were contingent on the exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters. Since the contingency was satisfied, the Company has included these shares in the weighted average number as of the beginning of the period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares. Remeasurement of the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net loss per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820 to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for us in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. We are still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on the financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 16 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that during the period covered by this Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. None. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Justin Mirro 
 
 54 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 John Arney 
 
 55 
 
 Vice Chairman and President 
 
 Daniel Huber 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Peter Goode 
 
 66 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Julian Ameler 
 
 37 
 
 Head of Business Development 
 
 Anders Pettersson 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Mitchell Quain 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark Robertshaw 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 Nickolas Vande Steeg 
 
 79 
 
 Director 
 
 William E. Kassling 
 
 79 
 
 Director 
 The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Justin Mirro serves as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Mirro has over 25 years of operating, M A and financing experience in the automotive and automotive-related sector. He began his career at General Motors Company as a Tool and Die Manufacturing Engineer, with successive positions at Car and Driver Magazine, Toyota Motor Corporation and Itochu International Inc. prior to transitioning to automotive investment banking at Schroder Co. Inc. / Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. / ABN Amro Inc. in 1996. In 1999, Mr. Mirro formed Kensington Capital Partners, LLC, where he has served as President since 2015, to invest in automotive and automotive-related sector businesses. In 2005, Mr. Mirro transitioned to Jefferies Company, Inc. as Head of Automotive Investment Banking, and later served as the Head of Automotive Investment Banking at Moelis Company, LLC Moelis and RBC Capital Markets, LLC RBC Capital Markets from 2008 to 2011 and 2011 to 2014, respectively. In his role, Mr. Mirro played a key role in leading and executing all aspects of capital raising, M A and restructurings, and has advised on over 70 transactions totaling more than 60 billion of value for OEMs, supplier and automotive-related industries. From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Mirro served as Chairman of the board of directors and audit committee of Pure Power Technologies, Inc. Pure Power ), one of the largest aftermarket suppliers of diesel fuel injectors, which was later sold to Stanadyne LLC. In his role, Mr. Mirro focused on deal sourcing, structuring, capital raising, executive recruitment and the eventual sale process. Mr. Mirro served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. Kensington SPAC I from April 2020 until it consummated its business combination with QuantumScape Corp. QuantumScape in November 2020. Mr. Mirro served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. II Kensington SPAC II from January 2021 until it consummated its business combination with Wallbox N.V. in October 2021. Mr. Mirro served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. IV Kensington SPAC IV from March 2021 until it consummated its initial business combination with Amprius Technologies, Inc. Amprius in September 2022, and currently serves as a director of Amprius. Mr. Mirro has served on the board of QuantumScape from 2020 through April 2022, Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. from 2015 through May 2022, and Transtar Industries, Inc., from 2017 through January 2021. We believe Mr. Mirro is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive experience in financing in the automotive and automotive-related sector. John Arney serves as our Vice Chairman and President. Mr. Arney has over 30 years of experience sourcing, evaluating, acquiring, owning, operating and financing businesses in the industrial, automotive, energy, business services and digital sectors. Mr. Arney began his career at Price Waterhouse in 1990 where as a 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Manager, he advised industrial and private equity businesses on their acquisitions. In 1996 he moved to 3i plc as a private equity investor and in 1998 joined Chase Capital Partners (which became JP Morgan Partners), where he was an Investment Director leading investments across Europe. In 2002 Mr. Arney joined European mid-market buy-out specialist Candover Partners where he was a Managing Director. In 2011 he led a management buy-out of the business to form Arle Capital Partners which managed three mid-market private equity funds through to realisation before Arle was sold in 2017. Mr. Arney founded industrial holding company The Smithfield Group in 2014. Over his career Mr Arney has led complex carve-outs, buyouts and acquisitions of companies headquartered in North America and Europe with global operations. Mr. Arney was a board director of Parques Reunidos and has served on a variety of industrial company boards including Pure Power, Innovia, Thule Group AB Thule ), Vetco International and Aibel and is a founder and board member of both Pure Lifting Group, which he chairs, and Pure Safety Group, and is a board member of the leading U.S. onshore completions provider, GR Energy Services. We believe Mr. Arney is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive business experience in the industrial, automotive and other sectors. Daniel Huber serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Huber has over 20 years of experience in investment banking, consulting, business development and operational management across a wide range of industries. Mr. Huber began his career as a Lieutenant in the United States Navy as a Surface Warfare (Nuclear) officer. While in the Navy, Mr. Huber led multiple divisions of sailors during complex missions and operations on U.S. warships in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Following his service, Mr. Huber was a manager in the public services consulting group of BearingPoint Inc. managing projects and engagements within the Department of State. From 2009 to 2018, Mr. Huber worked across several investment banks within the automotive and automotive-related investment banking industry, specifically at Moelis from 2009 to 2011, RBC Capital Markets from 2011 to 2014, Sterne Agee CRT (part of CRT Capital Group LLC) from 2015 to 2016 and PI Capital International LLC from 2016 to 2018. Mr. Huber has also served as the managing member of DEHC LLC since 2014. Mr. Huber served as Director of Corporate Development and M A at Conduent, Inc. from 2018 until 2020 leading all aspects of deal execution across multiple industry verticals including the preparation and presentation of materials to senior executives outlining the strategic rationale of potential transactions. Mr. Huber served as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Kensington SPAC I from April 2020 until it consummated its business combination in November 2020. Mr. Huber served as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Kensington SPAC II from January 2021 until it consummated its business combination in October 2021. Mr. Huber served as the Chief Financial Officer of Kensington SPAC IV from March 2021 until it consummated its business combination in September 2022. Mr. Huber s transaction experience includes public and private transactions across a variety of end markets, with a focus on automotive and automotive-related businesses. Dr. Peter Goode serves as our Chief Technology Officer. Dr. Goode has 40 years of experience in engineering, manufacturing and oilfield and industrial services. He is currently Chairman and co-founder of the leading U.S. onshore completions provider, GR Energy Services. He also co-founded and built Global Oilfield Services, a leadership U.S. ESP company, which was sold to Halliburton in November 2011. Dr. Goode has extensive international experience at the board level and in senior management, as well as in petroleum engineering and research. His professional roles include a number of positions with Schlumberger between 1985 and 2003 in the U.S., Indonesia and the U.K., including President Well Completion and Productivity, President Information Solutions, and President Reservoir Management. These global roles included direct responsibility for the associated research, engineering and manufacturing activities. He also has extensive public company experience having been the Managing Director and CEO of Transfield Services between 2009 and 2013, a leading industrial services provider listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. Between 2004 and 2007, Dr. Goode was President and CEO of Vetco International Ltd., an international oilfield services company with revenue of approximately 3 billion per year and with operations in 34 countries. Early in his career he variously held positions at Santos Ltd. in Australia and SOHIO Petroleum between 1979 and 1995, including the position of General Manager Petroleum Development and Planning for Santos. Dr. Goode studied applied mathematics and computing science at the University of Adelaide, then completed a Ph.D. in petroleum engineering at Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh, U.K. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Julian Ameler serves as our Head of Business Development. Mr. Ameler has over 12 years of experience in investment banking, corporate finance and private equity across a wide range of industries. Mr. Ameler began his career in investment banking at UBS in Frankfurt and London, advising clients on buy- and sell-side M A transactions, IPOs, capital raisings and restructurings in industrials and other sectors. In 2012, Mr. Ameler transitioned into Private Equity and joined Arle Capital Partners, a London based firm specialized in mid-market buyouts and growth capital in Europe, North America and Australia, where he first worked with John Arney. After working at Arle, Mr. Ameler joined John Arney in founding The Smithfield Group and became a partner of Smithfield in 2022. During his time at Arle and Smithfield, Mr. Ameler was deeply involved in private equity investing including supervision and management of portfolio companies, refinancings, restructurings, strategy, deal-sourcing, due diligence, fund raising, acquisitions and divestments and played instrumental roles in the buyouts of Innovia Group, Pure Power, Pure Safety Group and Pure Lifting Group. Mr. Ameler currently sits on the board of several private companies, including Pure Lifting Group and Pure Safety Group, where he also is the Chairman of the Audit Risk Committee. Anders Pettersson , who serves as one of our directors, is the former Chief Executive Officer of Thule, a leading automotive aftermarket company. Under Mr. Pettersson s leadership, he transformed Thule from an automotive aftermarket accessories business into a lifestyle consumer brand company. Mr. Pettersson brings over 30 years of experience in sourcing, evaluating and acquiring automotive businesses around the world. Mr. Pettersson has served as Chairman of Brink Group B.V., a leading towing hitch business in Europe, since 2014, as a director at KlaraBo Sverige AB since 2014, as Chairman at Skabholmen Invest AB since 2009, as a director at PS Enterprise AB since 2005, and as a director at Aston Harald Mekaniska Verkstad AB since 2020. As noted above, Mr. Pettersson served as Chief Executive Officer of Thule from 2002 to 2010, where he oversaw international expansion through the strategic acquisitions of Konig, Omnistor, Case Logic, TrackRac and Sportrack. Mr. Pettersson has also served as Chief Executive Officer of Hilding Anders AB from 2011 to 2014 and Capital Safety Group Inc. from 2010 to 2012, and previously held executive and managerial positions with AkzoNobel N.V. and Trelleborg AB. Mr. Pettersson served as a director of ZetaDisplay AB from 2014 to 2022, a director of Pure Safety Group from 2010 to 2020, a director of Pure Power from 2016 to 2019, a director of Alite International AB from 2014 to 2019, a director of Victoria Park AB from 2011 to 2019, Chairman of Hilding Anders AB from 2012 to 2014 and a member of the operating review board of Arle Capital Partners Limited from 2012 to 2014. Since February 2021, Mr. Pettersson has served as Chairman of Stanadyne PPT Group Holdings, Inc. and since December 2021, Mr. Pettersson has served as a director of Easy Report AB. Mr. Pettersson served as a director of Kensington SPAC I from June 2020 until it consummated its business combination in November 2020. Mr. Pettersson served as a director of Kensington SPAC II from February 2021 until it consummated its business combination in October 2021. Mr. Pettersson served as a director of Kensington SPAC IV from March 2022 until it consummated its business combination in September 2022. Mr. Pettersson is Chairman of Wallbox N.V, a provider of EV charging solutions. We believe Mr. Pettersson is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive experience sourcing, evaluating and acquiring automotive businesses. Mitchell Quain , who serves as one of our directors, is an investor and board member of multiple public companies serving the automotive and broader industrial segments, with vast knowledge of public equity markets. Mr. Quain has over 45 years of experience evaluating companies as both an equity research analyst and seasoned private equity investor. Mr. Quain has served as a member of the Executive Council at American Securities Inc. since 2020, having retired as a Partner at One Equity Partners (part of JPMorgan Chase Co.). Previously, he served on the boards of multiple public and private companies including DeCrane Aircraft Holdings Inc., Handy Harman Ltd, Hardinge, Inc., HEICO Corporation, MagneTek, Inc., Mechanical Dynamics, Inc., RBC Bearings, Inc., Strategic Distribution Inc., Tecumseh Products Company, Titan International, Inc., Xerium, Inc. and Jason Industries, Inc., and was Executive Chairman of Register.com. Mr. Quain was a Senior Advisor at Carlyle Group Inc. from 2014 to 2020. He has served on the board of directors of AstroNova, Inc., Star Equity Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Digirad Corporation) and Williams Industrial Services Group Inc. since 2009, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Mr. Quain served as a director of Kensington SPAC I from June 2020 until it consummated its business combination in November 2020. Mr. Quain served as a 
 65 

Table of Contents 

director of Kensington SPAC II from February 2021 until it consummated its business combination in October 2021. Mr. Quain served as a director of Kensington SPAC IV from March 2022 until it consummated its business combination in September 2022. We believe Mr. Quain is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive board experience in the automotive and broader industrial segments and his audit committee financial expertise. Mark Robertshaw , who serves as one of our directors, is the Chairman of InPost SA s, one of Europe s leading e-commerce logistics platforms providing delivery services through its network of Automated Parcel Machines APMs ), Pick up and Drop Off Points (PUDOs) and door to door. In 2021 InPost was listed on the Amsterdam Euronext Stock Exchange as Europe s largest ever IPO of a technology company. Mark is also chairman of Vita Global Limited, Europe s leading manufacturer of flexible polyurethane foam for bedding, furniture and industrial applications. Previously, he was chairman of the board of Survitec Topco Limited from May 2018 to October 2019, one of the world s largest suppliers of marine safety equipment. Mr. Robertshaw brings over 30 years of experience in sourcing, evaluating and acquiring industrial businesses around the world. He was CEO of Innovia Group from January 2015 to February 2017, a leading provider of specialty polymer products and the world s leading supplier of polymer bank notes. Under Mr. Robertshaw s leadership, Innovia was transformed into a growing and highly profitable business with operations in the Americas, Europe and Australia. He was CEO of Morgan Advanced Materials Plc from August 2006 to December 2014, a global industrial manufacturer, and Non-Executive director of Segro Plc from June 2010 to July 2018, one of Europe s leading logistics real estate companies. Mr. Robertshaw is currently also a director of Pthreefive Ltd and of TedRock Advisory Limited. Mr. Robertshaw has a master s and bachelor s degree in Modern Languages from Oxford University. We believe Mr. Robertshaw is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive management and board experience in the industrial segments. Nickolas Vande Steeg , who serves as one of our directors, served in a variety of roles at Parker-Hannifin for 34 years, a global supplier of innovative engineered products, ultimately serving as President, Chief Operating Officer and a Board Member from 2004 to 2007. He has served as an Officer of Parker-Hannifin Corporation, Chairman at APOU, Director and partial owner of Pacific Design Technologies. He served as a Director of Wabtec Corporation, Pure Safety Group, Gardner Denver Holdings Inc, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation and Insituform Technologies. He also has served as a Trustee of Azusa Pacific University and serves as a Director of Urban Youth Workers International. Mr. Vande Steeg holds a B.S. in Industrial Technology from the University of California, and an MBA with highest honors from Pepperdine University in Malibu, California. Mr. Vande Steeg was awarded the Shingo Lean Leadership Management Award in 2006. We believe Mr. Vande Steeg is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive business experience in the industrial and other sectors. William E. Kassling , who serves as one of our directors, was the lead director of Wabtec Corporation until 2020, and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Wabtec Corporation from 1990 until 2001 and 2004 to 2006, and served as Chairman from 2009 to 2013. Before leading a management group in the purchase of Wabtec Corporation from American Standard in 1990, Mr. Kassling spent six years overseeing its operations as American Standard s Vice President Group Executive, Railway Products Group. Prior to that, between 1978 and 1984, he served as Vice President Strategic Planning and Development and later as Vice President, Group Executive Building Specialties Group. In addition to Wabtec Corporation, Mr. Kassling is a board member the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Crosby Group and formerly served as a board member of Ingersol Rand (formerly Gardner Denver), Parker Hannifin Corporation, the Texas Rangers, Scientific Atlanta, Dravo, Commercial Intertech, Pacific Design Technologies, Pure Safety Group and Pure Power. He is also a member of the advisory board of the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute. Mr. Kassling holds a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Management from Purdue University. Earlier in his career, he worked at The Boston Consulting Group and also served as an officer in the United States Navy. We believe Mr. Kassling is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based upon his extensive experience with public and private industrial companies and transitioning private enterprises to the public market. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have seven directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Kassling and Vande Steeg, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Robertshaw and Quain, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Mirro, Arney and Pettersson, will expire at the third annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of our initial business combination, holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least two-thirds (2/3) of all holders (which must include a simple majority of the holders of Class B ordinary shares). Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors have been authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee is comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. Audit Committee Messrs Robertshaw, Vande Steeg and Quain serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Robertshaw serves as chair of the audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Robertshaw, Vande Steeg and Quain meet the independent director standard under the NYSE listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Robertshaw qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 
 67 

Table of Contents 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee Messrs. Pettersson and Kassling serve as members of our compensation committee. Mr. Pettersson serves as chair of the compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Messrs. Pettersson, and Kassling meet the independent director standard under the NYSE listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to DEHC LLC, an affiliate of Daniel Huber, our Chief Financial Officer, of service and administrative fees of 20,000 per month for 18 months commencing on the August 12, 2021 (upon completion of our initial business combination, any portion of the amounts due that have not yet been paid will accelerate), no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our initial shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Messrs. Quain and Pettersson serve as members of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Mr. Quain serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the Company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. Compensation Discussion and Analysis None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than the payment to DEHC LLC, an affiliate of Daniel Huber, our Chief Financial Officer, of service and administrative fees of 20,000 per month for 18 months commencing on August 12, 2021 (upon completion of our initial business combination, any portion of the amounts due that have not yet been paid will accelerate), no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Following a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 21, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 

Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC (our sponsor) (3) 

6,900,000 

20.0 

Justin Mirro (3) 

6,900,000 

20.0 

John Arney 

Daniel Huber 

Julian Ameler 

Peter Goode 

Anders Pettersson 

Mitchell Quain 

Mark Robertshaw 

Nickolas Vande Steeg 

William E. Kassling 

All executive officers and directors as a group (ten individuals) 

6,900,000 

20.0 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V, 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 301, Westbury, New York 11590. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 Our sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Justin Mirro, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, is the managing member of the managing member of our sponsor. Consequently, such person may be deemed the beneficial owner of the shares held by our sponsor and have voting and dispositive control over such securities. Such person disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares other than to the extent he may have a pecuniary interest therein, directly or indirectly. Each of our other officers and directors are non-managing members of our sponsor. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our officers and sponsor are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table None. Changes in Control None. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. In March 2021, our sponsor purchased 7,475,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder 
 71 

Table of Contents 

shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. On August 6, 2021, the sponsor effected a surrender of 1,006,250 Class B ordinary shares to the Company for no consideration, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from 7,475,000 to 6,468,750. On August 12, 2021, we effected a share issue of our Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an increase in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from 6,468,750 to 6,900,000. Up to 900,000 founder shares were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. The underwriters fully executed the over-allotment on August 17, 2021; thus these 900,000 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 11,360,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 0.75 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares or warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the allotted time period or during any Extension Period. In addition, our sponsor purchased an additional 7,360,000 private placement warrants in connection with extending the time we will have to consummate an initial business combination by an additional 12 months. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations to other entities that may take priority over their duties to us. Other than the payment to DEHC LLC, an affiliate of Daniel Huber, our Chief Financial Officer, of service and administrative fees of 20,000 per month for 18 months (upon completion of our initial business combination, any portion of the amounts due that have not yet been paid will accelerate), no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Our sponsor has loaned us 150,000. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due on completion of our initial business combination. The value of our sponsor s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowed 150,000 under the note. In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 0.75 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Other than 150,000 of working capital loans as of December 31, 2022, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been 
 72 

Table of Contents 

determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not completed our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by August 17, 2023 or during any Extension Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and their respective component securities) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. Related Party Policy We have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code of Ethics ), which is available on our website, requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the Company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee charter is available on our website. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor (or its affiliates), officers or directors or otherwise acquire a business that later becomes affiliated with our sponsor (or its affiliates) or otherwise carry out non-arm s length transactions with any of such parties. To minimize conflicts of interest, we agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Payment of service and administrative fees to DEHC LLC, an affiliate of Daniel Huber, our Chief Financial Officer, of 20,000 per month for 18 months (upon completion of our initial business combination, any portion of the amounts due that have not yet been paid will accelerate); 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Other than 150,000 of working capital loans as of December 31, 2022, the terms of these loans have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 0.75 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum LLP, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum LLP, for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering, totaled 78,280.00 and 130,326.57, respectively. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum LLP any audit-related fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay Marcum LLP any tax fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum LLP any other fees during the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed in August 2021 upon effectiveness of the Registration Statement. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has pre-approved and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 75 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3 

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedule All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 of this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be accessed on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

 Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V

 Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the close of business on August 17, 2023, the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. This date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution combined with uncertainty as to whether the Company has sufficient liquidity to fund operations through the liquidation date or thereafter should a deferral occur raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

 Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 /s/ Marcum 
 LLP

 Marcum 
 LLP

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

 Houston, TX

 March 31, 2023

F-2

Table of Contents 

KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

Assets

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Working Capital Loan - related party

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering

Derivative warrant liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of approximately and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Shareholders Deficit

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; ne issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable
 shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total shareholders deficit

() 

() 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 2022

For The Period From March 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021

General and administrative expenses

Administrative expenses - related party

Loss from operations

() 

() 
 
 Other income (expenses):

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 
 
 Change in fair value of Working Capital Loan - related party

() 
 
 Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

() 
 
 Income from investments held in Trust Account

Total other income (expenses)

() 

Net income (loss)

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary share, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary share

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary share, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary share

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares

Additional Paid-

in Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Total Shareholders Deficit

Class A

Class B

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance - March 19, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss

() 

() 

Balance - December 31, 2021

Excess of cash received over fair value of Private Placement Warrants

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance - December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 2022

For The Period From March 19, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 

Change in fair value of Working Capital Loan - related party

() 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Income from investments held in Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Accounts payable

() 

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash deposited in Trust Account

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from Working Capital Loan - related party

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds received from private placement

Offering costs paid

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

() 

Cash - beginning of the period

Cash - end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash
 financing activities:

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 as a Cayman Islands exempted company. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering described below, and since the Initial Public Offering, its search for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating
 income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. 
 The Company s sponsor is Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August 12, 2021. On August 17, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million and approximately was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5) and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (the Initial Private Placement and together with the Additional Private Placement (as defined below), the Private Placements of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively with the Additional Private Placement Warrants (as defined below), the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million (see Note 4). 
 Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Initial Private Placement, million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Initial Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 
 On each of August 4, 2022 and February 15, 2023, the Company consummated an additional private placement (each, an Additional Private Placement and collectively, the Additional Private Placements of warrants (each, an Additional Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Additional Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of an aggregate of . The Additional Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and are substantially similar to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s Initial Public Offering. The Additional Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by, the Warrant Agreement that the Company entered into at the time of the Initial Public Offering. 
 The proceeds received by the Company in connection with the issuance of the Additional Private Placement Warrants have been deposited in the Trust Account. In accordance with the Company s amended and restated 

memorandum and articles of association (the Memorandum and Articles ), the Combination Period (as defined below) was extended by 12 months in the aggregate to August 17, 2023. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete an initial Business Combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 The Company will provide holders of the Company s outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially at to be per Public Share), calculated as of two business days prior to the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes, net of taxes payable. The per-share
 amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Memorandum and Articles, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed to vote any Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares held by them in favor of a Business Combination. 
 The Memorandum and Articles provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (the initial shareholders agreed, pursuant 

to a letter agreement with the Company, that they will not propose any amendment to the Memorandum and Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
 Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 
 The Company initially had months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate the initial Business Combination within months, the Company may, by resolution of its board of directors at the option of the Sponsor, extend the period of time the Company will have to consummate an initial Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional months (for a total of up to an additional months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering), subject to the Sponsor purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants. The Company s shareholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. Pursuant to the terms of the Memorandum and Articles, in order to extend the period of time to consummate an initial Business Combination in such a manner, the Sponsor must purchase an additional Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per warrant, and deposit per each Unit (for an aggregate of approximately million), in proceeds into the Trust Account on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each 6-month
 extension. The Sponsor has the option to accelerate its purchase of one or both halves of the up to Private Placement Warrants at any time following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination with the same effect of extending the time the Company will have to consummate an initial Business Combination by 6 or 12 months, as applicable. On August 4, 2022, the Company elected to extend the Combination Period by 6 months to February 17, 2023. On February 15, 2023, the Company elected to extend the Combination Period by another 6 months to August 17, 2023 (see Note 10). 
 If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes, net of taxes payable (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 
 The initial shareholders agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust 

Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only, or less than, . In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
 growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 
 This may make comparison of the Company s financial statement with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million in its operating bank account and a working capital of approximately million. 
 The Company s liquidity needs through December 31, 2022 were satisfied through the payment of from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), and the loan from the Sponsor of approximately under the Note (as defined in Note 4), which was converted into a Working Capital Loan (as defined in Note 4) on August 17, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Initial Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and outstanding under the Working Capital Loan, respectively (see Note 4). 
 Based upon the analysis above, management has determined that the Company does not have sufficient liquidity to meet its anticipated obligations for at least twelve months after the financial statements are available to be issued, as such, the events and circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the ASC 205-40,
 the Company has until August 17, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.
 cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value, or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments are classified as trading securities. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in income on investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 
 . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 
 In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
 warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40.
 Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Public Offering were initially estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model. For periods where no observable traded price is available, the fair value continues to be estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants is determined using Black-Scholes option pricing model. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current
 liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

commissions as non-current
 liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 
 Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized the remeasurement from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in
 capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 
 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. The Company has considered the effect of Class B ordinary shares that were excluded from the weighted average number of basic shares outstanding as they were contingent on the exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters. Since the contingency was satisfied, the Company has included these shares in the weighted average number as of the beginning of the period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares. Remeasurement of the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net loss per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

) 

) 

Denominator:

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statement. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 

holders and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is still evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on the financial statements. 
 The Company s management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statement. 
 Units, which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million and approximately was for deferred underwriting commissions and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. 
 Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 
 to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). Shares and the associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect: (i) the surrender of Class B ordinary shares to the Company for consideration on August 6, 2021; and (ii) the share issue of Class B ordinary shares on August 12, 2021; resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The initial shareholders agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment on August 17, 2021; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 
 The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalization, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Initial Private Placement of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million. 
 On each of August 4, 2022 and February 15, 2023, the Company consummated the Additional Private Placements of Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Additional Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of an aggregate of . The Additional Private Placement Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and are substantially similar to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s Initial Public Offering. The Additional Private Placement Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by, the Warrant Agreement that the Company entered into at the time of the Initial Public Offering. 
 The proceeds received by the Company in connection with the issuance of the Additional Private Placement Warrants have been deposited in the Trust Account. In accordance with the Memorandum and Articles, the Combination Period was extended by 12 months in the aggregate to August 17, 2023. 
 Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
 for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis. 
 The Sponsor agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell the Private Placement Warrants until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 
 Related Party Loans 

On March 24, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest
 bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering; provided that amounts due under the Note may, at the option of the Sponsor, be converted into Working Capital Loans (as defined below). The Company borrowed under the Note in connection with the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor elected to convert the Note into a Working Capital Loan upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. 
 In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans could be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been 

determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Company has drawn under the Note, which was converted into a Working Capital Loan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, fair value of this Working Capital Loan was and , respectively, in the accompanying balance sheets. 
 Service and Administrative Fees 

On August 12, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with DEHC LLC, an affiliate of the Company s Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay for service and administrative fees of per month for months (upon completion of the initial Business Combination, any portion of the amounts due that have not yet been paid will accelerate). For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and for such expenses, respectively, included as general and administrative expenses-related party on the statement of operations contained herein. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding balance for services in connection with such agreement. 
 The Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket

 expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. 
 -day
 option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment on August 17, 2021. 
 The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holder of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption. 

Less:

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance

() 
 
 Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

() 
 
 Plus:

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021

Extension payment made by the Sponsor

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022

preference shares, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Ordinary Shares

-

The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 6). 
 Class

B Ordinary Shares

-

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which amounts have been adjusted to reflect the share surrendered as discussed in Note 4. 
 Shareholders of record are entitled to for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders; provided that, prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to elect all of the Company s directors and remove members of the Company s board of directors for any reason. Prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the Company s appointment of directors. Holders of the Public Shares will not be entitled to vote on the Company s appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of the initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares may remove a member of the Company s board of directors for any reason. These provisions of the 

Memorandum and Articles may only be amended by a resolution passed by at least two-thirds
 (2/3) of all holders (which must include a simple majority of the holders of Class B ordinary shares). With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law. 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holders, on a 

 , subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as described herein. 
 In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Proposed Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including a specified future issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination). 
 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable days after the completion of a Business Combination; provided that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within business days following the initial Business Combination to have declared effective, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this Report forms a part or a new registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided, that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky 

laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The warrants will have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments. In addition, if (x) the Company issue additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor, initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the Initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of each warrant will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to of the higher of (i) the Market Value and (ii) the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of (i) the Market Value and (ii) the Newly Issued Price. 
 The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that (1) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (2) the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable,
 (3) the Private Placement Warrants may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (4) the holders of the Private Placement Warrants (including with respect to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 
 Redemption of warrants for cash when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds : 
 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except for the Private Placement Warrants). 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within the -trading
 day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. 
 
 F-21

Table of Contents 
 KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. V 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Liabilities:

Derivative warrant liabilities-Public Warrants

Derivative warrant liabilities-Private Placement Warrants

Working Capital Loan-related party

(1)

Excludes of cash balance held within the Trust Account

December 31, 2021

Description

Quoted Prices in Active Markets

 (Level 1)

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2)

Significant Other Unobservable Inputs

 (Level 3)

Assets:

Investments held in Trust Account-U.S.
 Treasury Securities (1)

Liabilities:

Derivative warrant liabilities -Public Warrants

Derivative warrant liabilities-Private Placement Warrants

Working Capital Loan-related party

(1)

Excludes of cash balance held within the Trust Account

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of Public Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 fair value measurement to a Level 1 measurement as a result of the Public Warrants being separately listed and traded in October 2021. 
 Level 1 assets include investments in U.S. government securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments. 
 For periods where no observable traded price is available, the fair value of the Public Warrants has been estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation. The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Loan is determined using Black-Scholes option pricing model. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a non-operating
 gain from the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities of 

approximately million and million, respectively, and a non-operating
 gain from the change in fair value of the working capital loan of and ), respectively, in the accompanying statements of operations. 
 The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Working Capital Loan, and initial fair value of the Public Warrants, is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Monte Carlo simulation and a Black-Scholes option pricing model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its warrants based on implied volatility from the Company s traded warrants and from historical volatility of select peer companies ordinary shares that match the expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
 yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. 

Stock price

Volatility

Term (years)

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

(Note: To determine the fair value of the Working Capital Loan, the Company relied on the inputs of the Private Placement Warrants, as the warrants that would be converted from the Working Capital Loan would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.) 

Issuance of Private Placement Warrants

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

() 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022

Derivative warrant liabilities at March 19, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Public and Private Placement Warrants

Transfer of Public Warrants out of Level 3

() 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021

Change in fair value of Working Capital Loan-related party

() 

Working Capital Loan-related party at December 31, 2022

Fair value of Working Capital Loan-related party at March 19, 2021 (inception)

Initial fair value of Working Capital Loan-related party

Change in fair value of Working Capital Loan-related party

Working Capital Loan-related party at December 31, 2021

warrants at a price of per warrant (the New Warrants ), generating total proceeds of (the Private Placement ). The New Warrants were purchased by the Sponsor and are substantially similar to the warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s Initial Public Offering. The New Warrants have been issued pursuant to, and are governed by, the Warrant Agreement that the Company entered into at the time of the Initial Public Offering. 
 The proceeds received by the Company in connection with the issuance of the New Warrants have been deposited in the Trust Account. In accordance with the Memorandum and Articles, the Combination Period was extended by additional six months to August 17, 2023. 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on August 9, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on August 9, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 24, 2021, issued to Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on July 19, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, among the Registrant and the Registrant s officers and directors and Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC and its members (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, between the Registrant and Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, between the Registrant and Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on July 19, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Services Agreement between the Registrant and DEHC LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Warrants Subscription Agreement, between the Registrant and Kensington Capital Sponsor V LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 17, 2021) 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 

KENSINGTON CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. V 

By: 
 
 /s/ Justin Mirro 

Name: 
 
 Justin Mirro 

Title: 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Justin Mirro and Daniel Huber, and each of them or his attorney-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue of hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Justin Mirro Justin Mirro 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Daniel Huber Daniel Huber 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ John Arney 
 
 Vice Chairman and President 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 John Arney 

/s/ Anders Pettersson Anders Pettersson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Mitchell Quain Mitchell Quain 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Mark Robertshaw Mark Robertshaw 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ Nickolas Vande Steeg Nickolas Vande Steeg 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

/s/ William Kassling William Kassling 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d406315dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Justin Mirro, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Justin Mirro 

Justin Mirro 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d406315dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Daniel Huber, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Daniel Huber 

Daniel Huber 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d406315dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V (the Company on Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Justin Mirro, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Justin Mirro 

Justin Mirro 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d406315dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kensington Capital Acquisition Corp. V (the Company on Form
 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel Huber, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Huber 

Daniel Huber 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kcgi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kcgi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kcgi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kcgi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

