<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230630_10-K_edgar_data_1394108_0001554795-23-000198.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2311621</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88040</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>476743</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>669727</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>438352</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>582602</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000198.hdr.sgml : 20230630
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230630171254
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000198
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001394108
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				472148252
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53737
		FILM NUMBER:		231062663

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		136-20 38TH AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 3G
		CITY:			FLUSHING
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11354
		BUSINESS PHONE:		929-391-2550

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		136-20 38TH AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 3G
		CITY:			FLUSHING
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11354

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Sino United Worldwide Consolidated Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170717

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AJ GREENTECH HOLDINGS.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140709

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN JIANYE GREENTECH HOLDINGS, LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100330

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000198.txt : 20230630

10-K
 1
 suic0630form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal
 year 
 ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
transition period ___ to ____ 

Commission
file number: 

(Name
of registrant in its charter) 

(State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant's
telephone number) 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF 

 THE
EXCHANGE ACT: 

 None. 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(G) OF 

 THE
EXCHANGE ACT: 

 None. 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Check whether the issuer
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Check whether the issuer
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 

Check if there is no disclosure
of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K contained in this form, and no disclosure will be contained, to the best
of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 230.405 of this chapter)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

 Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of December 31, 2022,
the aggregate market value of the shares of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price
of such shares as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board was approximately .94
 (11,443,604 shares, 0.2350 per share). 

On December 31, 2022,
there were shares
of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

PART
 I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 6 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 6 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine and Safety Disclosures 
 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common
 Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 7 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 8 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 8 
 
 Item7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 
 
 12 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Financial Data 
 
 12 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 12 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 12 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 13 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
 Governance 
 
 14 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 15 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
 Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 16 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party
 Transactions, and director independence 
 
 17 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 17 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules 
 
 18 

SIGNATURES 
 
 19 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements contained in
this Annual Report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of such term in Section 27A of the Securities
Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
which could cause actual financial or operating results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements
not to occur or be realized. Forward-looking statements made in this Report generally are based on our best estimates of future results,
performances or achievements, predicated upon current conditions and the most recent results of the companies involved and their respective
industries. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, 
 could, should, project, expect, believe, estimate, 
 anticipate, intend, continue, potential, opportunity or similar
terms, variations of those terms or the negative of those terms or other variations of those terms or comparable words or expressions.
Potential risks and uncertainties include, among other things, such factors as: 

our heavy reliance on limited number of consumers; 

Strong competition in our industry; 

increases in our raw material costs; and 

an inability to fund our capital requirements. 

Additional disclosures
regarding factors that could cause our results and performance to differ from results or performance anticipated by this annual report
are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made
by us in this annual report and our other filings with the SEC. These reports attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors
that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. The forward-looking statements made in this
annual report speak only as of the date hereof and we disclaim any obligation to provide updates, revisions or amendments to any forward-looking
statements to reflect changes in our expectations or future events. 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

We are a Nevada corporation
incorporated on August 30, 2006, under the name Gateway Certifications, Inc. On November 16, 2009, our corporate name was
changed to American Jianye Greentech Holdings, Ltd. on February 13, 2014, our corporate name was changed to AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd.
and on July 17, 2017, our corporate name was changed to Sino United Worldwide Consolidated Ltd. On November 9, 2022, our corporate name
was changed to SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. 

From November 2009 until
October, 2013, through our China and Taiwan subsidiaries, we were engaged renewable energy business. From October 2013 until September,
2017, through our Taiwan subsidiary, we were engaged in the driving record management system (DMS). Both Subsidiaries was spun off through
stock transfer and debt cancellation for the best interest of shareholder. 

From 2018 to present,
the Company focused in products and services that adopt IoT, cloud computing, mobile payments, Big Data, Blockchain and AI, and other
new and exciting business models that will create revolutionary products and services. On August 7, 2021, the Company has acquired 49 
of the registered shares of Midas Touch Technology Co. Ltd., a digital asset management platform and company registered in the U.K. From
2020 to present, the Company through promissory notes and other investments in Beneway Holdings Group (its corporate name was changed
from Sinoway International Corp.), became the major shareholder of Beneway Holdings Group. The company works with Beneway Holdings Group
in several new business ventures with focus on the following fields: 

1. Fintech
 platform: Through its global digital asset management platform and fintech products, Beneway
 Holdings Group connects borrower and lenders, comprising of digital wallets, electronic cards,
 P2P lenders, suppliers, manufacturers. Building strategic partnerships by bridging the various
 stakeholders and fund partners in providing a holistic financial delivery ecosystem. Three
 major financial products are Beneway Flash Pay , Beneway CQ Pay and Beneway
 Unified Procurement that help merchants to focus on business and marketing development.
 The company has signed letters of intent with several entities who are interested to participate
 in this business. Please refer to subsequent events. 

2. Food
 Supply Chain Integration: Food Industry Supply Chain Integration: Beneway Holdings Group
 is working to promote the processes of integration for bringing reputable and distinguished
 overseas food product brands to the United States and globally. Food products are supplied
 from various origins, including ISO and HACCP-certified central kitchen food processing &
 production facilities, and distributed through online and offline smart store equipment systems,
 one-stop operation sales services, and facilitated by investments through capital management
 and mergers & acquisitions for vertical integration of the supply chain. The company
 has signed and shared letters of intents with I.Hart Company Limited, and the established
 supply chain integration in Taiwan will support Beneway s food industry integration
 for product distribution through the US as well as globally. Please refer to subsequent events. 

3. Global
 Franchise Expansion: With the five established franchise brands under I.Hart Company Limited
 and other well-known franchise brands in Asia, Beneway is planning to aggressively achieve
 its global franchise goal by fine-tuning the right mix of media-based marketing strategies,
 including search engine optimization, paid advertising, leveraging public relations on digital
 platforms, and maximizing conversion-based metrics through demographic targeting, geofencing,
 pay-per-click advertising, social medial publishing and management, hyper-local franchise
 marketing and much more. To maximize the growth and performance of the franchise goals, Beneway
 has identified several nationally-renowned franchise marketing and consulting companies to
 launch its franchise campaign nationally. 

4. Supply
 Chain Integration of other industries: Beneway Holdings Group has identified several other
 industries for future expansion: medical and healthcare, high-tech digital AI systems, environmental
 protections, and energy related production. This will be accomplished through Beneway Holdings
 Group chief marketing plan, known as The Starry Project , to build extensive
 networks focused on streamlining the distribution of products and increase the sales and
 market shares of the products in all 50 states of America. This will all be facilitated through
 Beneway s fintech solutions that allow for fast financing capabilities for business
 development, and capital investment dedicated to select mergers and acquisitions in the vertical
 integration of our supply chain model. 

Our Business Model and Objectives 

The Company will continue
to strengthen our competencies in research and development, venture financing for investing in the private enterprises and the public
sector to develop products and services that adopt IoT, cloud computing, mobile payments, Big Data, Blockchain and AI, and other new
and exciting business models that will create revolutionary products and services. The company has signed four letters of intent with
entities who are interested to work with the company on the share exchange pending up to the merger, stock price and related work. For
more detail please refer to subsequent events. 

Competitive
Advantages 

The Company focuses on
small and micro-cap companies with traditionally difficult access to capital. We provide specialized consulting services to help companies
operate in the public markets. Our management team is experienced in risk management and exit planning. The Company s competitive
advantages include a global business network of healthcare, investment and financial professionals who are integrated into the technology
licensing and commercialization departments of universities and institutions. In summary, our services and capital speed up the development
and commercialization of our customers products. 

Material Agreements 

 The company has signed several franchise brand
and distribution contracts. Please refer to subsequent events. 

Employees 

The company currently
has 6 partners and employees in the Taiwan office, 1 director and employee in the Malaysia office and 2 partners and employees in the
U.S. office. 

3 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Risks Related to
Our Organization, Structure and Business 

You should carefully consider
the risks described below before buying our common stock. If any of the risks described below actually occurs, that event could cause
the trading price of our common stock to decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Downturns in general
economic and market conditions could materially and adversely affect our business. 

The IT-communications,
mobile apps and blockchain industries are most susceptible to, and greatly affected by economic downturns and policy uncertainties. We
have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing
industries, including increased expenses as we continue to grow our business. If we do not manage these risks and overcome these difficulties
successfully, our business will suffer. 

If we are not able
to compete effectively with other competitors, our prospects for future growth will be jeopardized. 

There is significant competition
in both the software industry and the blockchain industry with more established companies. We are not only competing with other software
and blockchain providers but also with companies offering different kind of software and blockchain solutions, which are usually more
established and have greater resources to devote to research and development, manufacturing and marketing than we have. Our competitors
may promote these software and blockchain solutions which are more readily accepted by customers than our products and maybe required
to reduce the prices of our products in order to remain competitive. Our competitors may also seek to use our financial difficulties
in marketing against us. 

Our board of directors
may change our investment or operation objectives and strategies without shareholders consent. 

Our board of directors
determines our major policies, including decisions regarding financing, growth, debt capitalization, distribu tions
and other material events. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the shareholders. Under
our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, our directors generally have a right to vote only on the following matters: 

the
 election or removal of director; 

the amendment
 of our charter, except that our board of directors may amend our charter without shareholders approval to: 

change our
 name; 

change the
 name or other designation or the par value of the Common Stock; 

increase
 or decrease the aggregate number of Common Stock that we have the authority to issue; 

increase
 or decrease the number of our Common Stock that we have the authority to issue; 

effect certain
 reverse Common Stock splits; 

our liquidation
 and dissolution; 

our being
 a party to a merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets or statutory merger or acquisition. 

All
other matters are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. 

We
may be unable to attract and retain qualified, experienced, highly skilled personnel, which could adversely affect the implementation
of our busines s plan. 

Our success depends to
a significant degree upon our ability to attract, retain and motivate skilled and qualified personnel. As we become a more mature company
in the future, we may find recruiting and retention efforts more challenging. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring and integrating
excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. The loss of any key employee
or contractor, including shareholders of our senior management team, and our inability to attract highly skilled personnel with sufficient
experience in our industries could harm our business. 

Currency fluctuations
may adversely affect our operating results. 

Company generates revenues
and incurs expenses and liabilities in foreign currency. However, it will report its financial results in the United States in U.S. Dollars.
As a result, our financial results will be subject to the effects of exchange rate fluctuations between these currencies. Any events
that result in a devaluation of the foreign currency versus the U.S. Dollar will have an adverse effect on our reported results. We have
not entered into agreements or purchased instruments to hedge our exchange rate risks. 

We are not likely
to hold annual shareholder meetings in the near future. 

Management does not expect
to hold annual meetings of shareholders in the near future, due to the expense involved. The current members of the Board of Directors
were appointed to that position by the previous directors. If other directors are added to the Board in the future, it is likely that
the current directors will appoint them. 

4 

Risks Related
to Our Stockholders and Purchasing Shares of Common Stock 

Your percentage
of ownership may become diluted if we issue new Common Stock or other securities. 

Our board of directors
is authorized, without your approval, to cause us to issue additional Common Stock to raise capital through the issuance of Common Stock
(including equity or debt securities convertible into Common Stock), and other rights, on terms and for consideration as our board of
directors in its sole discretion may determine. Any such issuance could result in dilution of the equity of our shareholders. 

We have not voluntarily
implemented various corporate governance measures. 

Federal legislation, including
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity
of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others
have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or The NASDAQ Stock
Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities
exchanges are those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight and the adoption of a Code of Ethics.
Our board of directors expects to adopt a Code of Ethics at a future board meeting. The Company has not adopted exchange-mandated corporate
governance measures and, since our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so. It is possible
that if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances
that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible
conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent
directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees
may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors should
bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

We may be exposed
to potential risks relating to our internal control over financial reporting. 

As directed by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX 404 ), the SEC has adopted rules requiring public companies to include a report
of management on the Company s internal control over financial reporting in its annual reports. While we expect to expend significant
resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by SOX 404, there is a risk that we will not comply
with all of the requirements imposed thereby. At present, there is no precedent available with which to measure compliance adequately.
In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that we cannot
remediate in a timely manner, investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and our ability
to obtain equity or debt financing could suffer. 

We have a large
number of authorized but unissued shares of our common stock. 

We have a large number
of authorized but unissued shares of common stock, which our management may issue without further stockholder approval, thereby causing
dilution of your holdings of our common stock. Our management will continue to have broad discretion to issue shares of our common stock
in a range of transactions, including capital-raising transactions, mergers, acquisitions and other transactions, without obtaining stockholder
approval, unless stockholder approval is required. If our management determines to issue shares of our common stock from the large pool
of authorized but unissued shares for any purpose in the future, your ownership position would be diluted without your further ability
to vote on that transaction. 

Shares of our common
stock may continue to be subject to illiquidity because our shares may continue to be thinly traded and may never become eligible for
trading on a national securities exchange. 

While we may at some point
be able to meet the requirements necessary for our common stock to be listed on a national securities exchange, we cannot assure you
that we will ever achieve a listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange. Our shares will only eligible for quotation
on the OTC Markets, which is not an exchange. Initial listing on a national securities exchange is subject to a variety of requirements,
including minimum trading price and minimum public float requirements, and could also be affected by the general skepticism
of such markets concerning companies that are the result of mergers with inactive publicly-held companies. There are also continuing
eligibility requirements for companies listed on public trading markets. If we are unable to satisfy the initial or continuing eligibility
requirements of any such market, then our stock may not be listed or could be delisted. This could result in a lower trading price for
our common stock and may limit your ability to sell your shares, any of which could result in you losing some or all of your investments. 

5 

The market valuation
of our business may fluctuate due to factors beyond our control and the value of your investment may fluctuate correspondingly. 

The market valuation of
emerging growth companies, such as us, frequently fluctuate due to factors unrelated to the past or present operating performance of
such companies. Our market valuation may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including: 

i. 
 changes
 in securities analysts estimates of our financial performance, although there are currently no analysts
 covering our stock; 

ii. 
 fluctuations in
 stock market prices and volumes, particularly among securities of emerging growth companies; 

iii. 
 changes in market
 valuations of similar companies; 

iv. 
 announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new technologies, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or
 capital commitments; 

v. 
 variations in
 our quarterly operating results; 

vi. 
 fluctuations in
 related commodities prices; and 

vii. 
 additions or departures of key personnel. 

As a result, the value
of your investment in us may fluctuate. 

We have never paid
dividends on our common stock. 

We have never paid cash
dividends on our common stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Investors should not look
to dividends as a source of income. 

In the interest of reinvesting
initial profits back into our business, we do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, any economic
return will initially be derived, if at all, from appreciation in the fair market value of our stock, and not as a result of dividend
payments. 

6 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable for smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our company has a rental
office which is located at 136-20 38th Ave. Unit 3G Flushing, NY 11314, USA. Telephone no. is 929-391-2550. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE AND SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

7 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market for Our Common
Stock 

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

Closing
 Prices (1) 

High 

Low 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2022 

1st Quarter 

0.4500 

0.4500 

2nd Quarter 

0.3500 

0.3100 

3rd Quarter 

0.3100 

0.1800 

4th Quarter 

0.2360 

0.2000 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2021 

1st Quarter 

5.00 

0.50 

2nd Quarter 

20.00 

1.97 

3rd Quarter 

2.72 

1.01 

4th Quarter 

1.35 

0.37 

(1) 
 The above tables set forth the range of high
 and low closing prices per share of our common stock as reported by OTC Bulletin Board and the Pink Sheets, as applicable, for the
 periods indicated. 

Approximate Number
of Holders of Our Common Stock 

On December 31, 2022,
there were approximately 81 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

The Company has not declared
or paid cash dividends or made distributions in the past, and we do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends or make distributions
in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain and reinvest future earnings, if any, to finance our operations . 

Recent Sales of
Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Repurchase of Equity
Securities . 

There is no sale of unregistered
securities during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We currently do not have
any equity compensation plans. 

Item 5.03 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation
 or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year 

On
January 24, 2019, we filed a certificate of designation setting forth the rights, preferences and privileges of a new series of preferred
stock designated as the series A convertible preferred stock and series C convertible preferred stock. Each share of series A preferred
stock is convertible into 50 shares of common stock and each share of series C preferred stock is convertible into 20 shares of common
stock. 

Please refer to 8-K
filed on January 30, 2019. 

On
July 16, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of Nevada changing the name of the Company to
SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. The change of name was effective on November 9, 2022 upon FINRA Approval. No other change was made to the
Certificate of Incorporation. 

Please refer to 8-K
filed on July 16, 2022. 

8 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable for smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These include statements about our
expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which we indicate by words or phrases such as anticipate, expect, 
 intend, plan, will, we believe, management believes and similar language. The forward-looking
statements are based on the current expectations of the Company and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including
those set forth in the discussion under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in this report. Actual results may differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. We base the forward-looking
statements on information currently available to us, and we assume no obligation to update them. 

Investors
are also advised to refer to the information in our previous filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), especially on
Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, in which we discuss in more detail various important factors that could cause actual results to differ from
expected or historic results. It is not possible to foresee or identify all such factors. As such, investors should not consider any
list of such factors to be an exhaustive statement of all risks and uncertainties or potentially inaccurate assumptions. 

Overview 

From 2018 to present,
the Company focused in products and services that adopt IoT, cloud computing, mobile payments, Big Data, Blockchain and AI, and other
new and exciting business models that will create revolutionary products and services. On August 7, 2021, the Company has acquired 49 
of the registered shares of Midas Touch Technology Co. Ltd., a digital asset management platform and company is registered in the U.K.
From 2020 to present, the Company through promissory notes and other investments in Beneway Holdings Group (its corporate name was changed
from Sinoway International Corp.), became the major shareholder of Beneway Holdings Group. 

Our Business Model
and Objectives 

The Company will continue
to strengthen our competencies in research and development, venture financing for investing in the private enterprises and the public
sector to develop products and services that adopt IoT, cloud computing, mobile payments, Big Data, Blockchain and AI, and other new
and exciting business models that will create revolutionary products and services. The company has signed four letters of intent with
entities who are interested to work with the company on the share exchange pending up the merger, stock price and related work. For more
detail please refer to subsequent events. 

Competitive
Advantages 

The Company focuses on
small and micro-cap companies with traditionally difficult access to capital. We provide specialized consulting services to help companies
operate in the public markets. Our management team is experienced in risk management and exit planning. The Company s competitive
advantages include a global business network of healthcare, investment and financial professionals who are integrated into the technology
licensing and commercialization departments of universities and institutions. In summary, our services and capital speed up the development
and commercialization of our customers products. 

Material Agreements 

 The company has signed
several franchise brand and distribution contracts. Please refer to subsequent events. 

9 

Results
of Operations 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

The
Company recognized 221,000 and 379,000 of revenue from continuing operation during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Our revenue from continuing operation were generated from the I.T. management consulting services. 

Other
income from Cancellation of Liability 

The
Company cancelled the accrued salaries of 30,000 of CEO Yanru Zhou. 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost
of revenues from continuing operations were 82,143 and 96,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cost of
revenues were direct fees related to our I.T. management consulting services. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses from continuing operations were 64,364 and 266,416 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in professional fees paid for marketing activities. 

Bad
Debts expense 

Bad
debts expenses was 105,000 and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which included the uncollectible accounts of iDrink
Technology Co. Ltd. and of Theresa Hwa. 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expenses from continuing operation was 21,002 and 18,447 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which included the interest
on the convertible promissory notes. 

Profits
(Loss) from continuing operations 

The
Company generated profits (loss) from continuing operations of 2,419) and 12,024 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net
profits (loss) 

As
a result of the foregoing, the Company generated net profit (loss) of operations of 2,419) and 12,024 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We have funded our operations
to date primarily through operations, and non-related party loans. The Company s management recognizes that the Company must generate
sales and obtain additional financial resources to continue to develop its operations 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had a working capital deficit of 223,015.55. Our current assets on December 31, 2022 were 408,579.46 primarily consisting of accounts
receivables 362,525 and Short Term Investment - Held-For-Trading iDrink Technology Co. Ltd., Taiwan 30,000, other receivables
 146,078, and cash 16,072. Our current liabilities were 631,613 primarily composed of convertible promissory notes of 287,000, short
term debts 172,734, accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 170,115 and credit card payable of 1,764. 

Cash Flow from Operating
Activities 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 13,778 during the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of our net loss from continuing operation of 2,419),
primarily enhanced by a change of accounts receivables 23,500 (including write off accounts receivable of 55,000) and loans receivables
 35,574 (which involving non-cash transaction of cancellation of loans receivable of 50,000), a change in accrued expenses of 16,519
(including cancellation of liabilities in amount of 30,000) , and a change of credit card payable of 464. 

Net cash used in operating
activities was 168,142 during the year ended December 31, 2021, which consisted of our net profits from continuing operation of 12,024,
offset by a aggregation effect of change of accounts receivables 189,025 and loans receivables 81,900, a change in accrued expenses
of 91,056 and a change of credit card payable of 2,228. 

For the Statements
of Cash Flows see F-5. 

10 

Cash
Flow from Investing Activities 

Cash
Flow from Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities totaled 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Net cash used in investing
activities totaled 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flow from Financing
Activities 

Net cash used in financing
activities was 0 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Net cash used in financing
activities was 172,734 during the year ended December 31, 2021, which primarily consisted of proceeds from non-related party loan of
 172,734. 

For the Statements
of Cash Flows see F-5. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Inflation 

We do not
believe our business and operations have been materially affected by inflation 

 Critical Accounting
Policies and Estimates 

This discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements that have been prepared under accounting principle
generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

A summary of significant
accounting policies is included in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Of these policies,
we believe that the following items are the most critical in preparing our financial statements. 

Accounts Receivable
and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts receivable are
recorded at the invoiced amount, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company performs on-going credit evaluations of its customers
and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer s current credit worthiness, as determined by the review
of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical write-off experience, customer
specific facts and economic conditions. 

Outstanding account balances
are reviewed individually for collectability. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount
of probable credit losses in the Company s existing accounts receivable. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative
expenses, if any. Pursuant to paragraph 310-10-50-2 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification account balances are charged off against
the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company has
adopted paragraph 310-10-50-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and determine when receivables are past due or delinquent
based on how recently payments have been received. 

Inventories 

Inventories consists of
products purchased and are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average cost method.
The Company reduces inventories for the diminution of value, resulting from product obsolescence, damage or other issues affecting marketability,
equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value. Factors utilized in the determination
of estimated net realizable value include (i) current sales data and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future demand, (iii)
competitive pricing pressures, (iv) new product introductions, (v) product expiration dates, and (vi) component and packaging obsolescence. 

The Company evaluates
its current level of inventories considering historical sales and other factors and, based on this evaluation, classify inventory markdowns
in the income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to adjust inventories to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates, which could vary significantly from actual requirements
if future economic conditions, customer demand or competition differ from expectations. 

11 

Revenue
Recognition 

 The Company s
revenue recognition policies are in compliance with ASC 606. Revenue is recognized when the promised goods or services are transferred
to the customer. The amount of revenue recognized should equal the total consideration an entity expects to receive in return for the
goods or services. 

Our revenues
are primarily generated by providing professional services and software products, consulting and other professional services to our clients
and are billable to our clients based on the services provided, or achieved outcomes. Revenues are primarily driven by the total value,
scope, and terms of the consulting contracts. We also engage independent contractors to supplement our revenue-generating professionals
on client engagements as needed. 

We adopt
a fixed fee billing arrangement and agree to a pre-established fee in exchange for a predetermined set of professional services. We set
the fees based on our estimates of the costs and timing for completing the engagements. 

Our quarterly
results are impacted principally by the total value, scope, and terms of our client contracts. Our utilization rate can be affected by
seasonal variations in the demand for our services from our clients. 

Our operating
expenses include professional fees, technology costs, software and data hosting expenses, rent and other office related expenses. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

 The Company follows Section
830-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Section 830-10-45 for foreign currency translation to translate
the financial statements of the foreign subsidiary from the functional currency, generally the local currency, into U.S. Dollars. Section
830-10-45 sets out the guidance relating to how a reporting entity determines the functional currency of a foreign entity (including
of a foreign entity in a highly inflationary economy), re-measures the books of record (if necessary), and characterizes transaction
gains and losses. the assets, liabilities, and operations of a foreign entity shall be measured using the functional currency of that
entity. An entity s functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates; normally,
that is the currency of the environment, or local currency, in which an entity primarily generates and expends cash. 

The functional currency
of each foreign subsidiary is determined based on management s judgment and involves consideration of all relevant economic facts
and circumstances affecting the subsidiary. Generally, the currency in which the subsidiary transacts a majority of its transactions,
including billings, financing, payroll and other expenditures, would be considered the functional currency, but any dependency upon the
parent and the nature of the subsidiary s operations must also be considered. If a subsidiary s functional currency is deemed
to be the local currency, then any gain or loss associated with the translation of that subsidiary s financial statements is included
in accumulated other comprehensive income. However, if the functional currency is deemed to be the U.S. Dollar, then any gain or loss
associated with the re-measurement of these financial statements from the local currency to the functional currency would be included
in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). If the Company disposes of foreign subsidiaries, then any cumulative translation
gains or losses would be recorded into the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). If the Company determines that there
has been a change in the functional currency of a subsidiary to the U.S. Dollar, any translation gains or losses arising after the date
of change would be included within the statement of comprehensive income (loss). 

Based on an assessment
of the factors discussed above, the management of the Company determined the relevant subsidiaries local currencies to be their
respective functional currencies. 

Foreign currency translation
gains (loss) resulting from the process of translating the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in determining
accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of stockholders equity. 

12 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
 ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

Most Recent accounting
pronouncements 

Refer to note 2 in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Impact of Most Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

There were no recent accounting
pronouncements that have had a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
 FINANCIAL DATA 

Financial Statements 

The full text of our audited
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 begins on page F-1 of this Report. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
 ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

There were no recent changes
in auditor appointment and engagement. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures . 

The Company maintains
a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated
to the Company's management, including the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

During the course of internal
evaluation, following control weaknesses are noted for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that required correction: 

no independent director exists in the Board
 of Directors, and the directors have little understanding about U.S. GAAP and Sarbanes-Oxley Act 404 requirements in 2022. 

Based upon their evaluation
as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, the Company's chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that, due to the significant deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting described below, the Company's disclosure controls
and procedures are not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in internal
controls. 

The term internal
control over financial reporting (defined in SEC Rule 13a-15(f)) refers to the process of a company that is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the fourth quarter of the year covered by this annual report, and they have concluded that there was no change to the
Company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

13 

Management's Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company in accordance with as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the (i) effectiveness and efficiency of operations, (ii) reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and (iii) compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. Our internal controls framework is based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Due to inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

A material weakness in
internal controls is a deficiency in internal control, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company s
ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the
Company s annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. In the course
of making our assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified some material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting. 

We lack sufficient personnel
with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and training in the application of accounting operations of our company. This weakness
causes us to not fully identify and resolve accounting and disclosure issues that could lead to a failure to perform timely internal
control and reviews. 

Management is currently
reviewing its staffing and systems in order to remedy the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However, because of the above condition,
management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December
31, 2022. Additionally, the Registrant s management has concluded that the Registrant has a material weakness associated with its
U.S. GAAP expertise. 

This Annual Report does
not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this
annual report. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

14 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE. 

The following table sets
forth: (1) names and ages of all persons who presently are and who have been selected as directors and executive officers of the Registrant;
(2) all positions and offices with the Registrant held by each such person; (3) any period during which he or she has served a such.
All directors hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualify.
Officers serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

Name (1) 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Bill Tan Yee Wei 

51 

Chief Technology Officer, Director 
 
 Esther Jou 

27 

Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Yanru Zhou 

28 

Chief Finance Officer 

On Feb 28, 2018, the board
of Director (the Board of the Company appointed Yanru Zhou as Chief Executive Officer of the firm. Ms. Zhou received her
undergraduate education in China. 

On December 31, 2019,
the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company appointed Bill Tan Yee Wei as Chief Technology Officer of the firm. Mr.
Wei has more than 18 years of total working experiences in different industries with Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma Black Belt skills.
He has hands on experiences in Supply Chain Management, Procurement, Quality Assurance, Inventory, Sales, Production, Logistic, Project
Management, Transport Management and Distribution exposure. Mr. Wei has received his Bachelor of Science, Mechanical Engineer degree
at West Virginia University Institute of Technology, WV, USA. 

On
November 1, 2021, the Board of the Company appointed Ms. Esther Jou as Director of the firm. Ms. Jou graduated from the University of
Pennsylvania in 2018 and is currently pursuing Master s degree. She is the manager of the New York office in charge of marketing
roadshow and investor relations. 

On
March 30, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Ms Esther Jou as Chief Executive Officer of the firm. The Directors have
been presented with the resignation of Ms. Yanru Zhou of her positions as Chief Executive Officer and director. 

Nominating, Compensation
and Audit Committees 

The Board of Directors
does not have an audit committee, a compensation committee or a nominating committee, due to the small size of the Board. The Board does
also not have an audit committee financial expert within the definition given by the Regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission. 

Section 16(A) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Under U.S. securities
laws, directors, certain executive officers and persons holding more than 10 of our common stock must report their initial ownership
of the common stock, and any changes in that ownership, to the SEC. 

Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge,
none of our directors or executive officers has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors,
or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past five years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final
order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws (except
where not subsequently dismissed without sanction or settlement), or from engaging in any type of business practice, or a finding of
any violation of federal or state securities laws. To the best of our knowledge, no petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any
state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business
or property of any of our directors or officers, or any partnership in which any of our directors or officers was a general partner at
or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which any of our directors or officers
was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing. Except as set forth in our discussion below in Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, none of our directors, director nominees or executive officers
has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required
to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Code of Ethics 

The Board of Directors
has not adopted a code of ethics applicable to the Company s executive officers. The Board believes that the small number of individuals
involved in the Company s management makes such a code unnecessary. 

Board Attendance 

During 2022, the board
of directors did not hold any meetings. All actions were taken by actions in writing. 

15 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following summary
compensation table indicates the cash and non-cash compensation earned during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
by each person who served as chief executive officer during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION
TABLE 

Fiscal 
 
 Salary 
 
 Bonus 
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 
 Total 
 
 Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Yanru Zhou Chief Executive
 and Financial Officer (1) 

2022 

0 

0 

10,000 

0 

0 

(1)
 Ms. Yanru Zhou has served as chief executive and financial officer since Feb. 28 2018 to December 31, 2019. She signed a new employment
 agreement effective January 1, 2020 whereby she is entitled to a compensation of 10,000 shares of stock of the Company each year. 

Bill Tan Yee Wei Chief Technology
 Officer (2) 

2022 

0 

0 

5,000 

0 

0 

(2)
 Mr. Wei is appointed as Chief Technology Officer on December 31, 2019. He signed an employment agreement effective January 1, 2020
 whereby he is entitled to a compensation of 5,000 shares of stock of the Company each year starting from 2021. 

Esther Jou (3) 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

(3)
 Ms. Esther Jou is appointed as Director on November 1, 2021. She waived any compensation for her services. 

Outstanding Equity
Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets
forth for each named executive officer certain information concerning the outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 

Option
 awards 

Stock
 awards 

Name
 and Principal 
 Position 
 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Exercisable 

Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Unexercisable 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price
 ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Number
 of 
 Shares
 or 
 Units
 of Stock 
 that
 Have Not 
 Vested 

Market 
 Value
 of 
 Shares
 or 
 Units
 of 
 Stock
 that 
 Have
 Not 
 Vested 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares,
 Units 
 or
 Other 
 Rights
 that 
 Have
 Not 
 Vested 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Market
 or 
 Payout 
 Value
 of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units
 or 
 Other 
 Rights
 that 
 Have
 Not 
 Vested 

Yanru
 Zhou 
 CEO 

Bill
 Tan Yee Wei 
 CTO 

Remuneration
of Directors 

None of the members
of the Board of Directors receives remuneration for service on the Board. 

Executive Employment
Contracts 

We have employment agreements
with Yanru Zhou, CEO on Feb. 28, 2018 for 5 years, subject to automatic renewals of another 5 years. She is entitled to a compensation
of 10,000 shares of stock of the Company each year. 

Equity Compensation
Plan Information 

We do not have any compensation
plan as of December 31, 2022. 

16 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
 OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table summarizes
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
of outstanding Registrant Common Stock as of December 31, 2022 by (i) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5 of the outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers
and directors as a group. Except as indicated in the footnotes below, the security and stockholders listed below possess sole voting
and investment power with respect to their shares. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount
 and Nature 
 of
 Beneficial 
 Ownership
 (2) 
 
 Percentage
 of 
 Class
 (2) 
 
 Zhou
 Yanru 

5,500,000 

16.42 

Youxin Peng 

5,500,000 

16.42 

Zhirong Peng 

5,500,000 

16.42 

North America
 Chinese Financial Association 

2,560,000 

7.64 

Faith and Glory
 Charity Foundation 

3,000,000 

8.95 

All Directors
 and Executive Officers as a Group (1 person) 

22,060,000 

65.84 

(1) Beneficial Owner 
means having or sharing, directly or indirectly (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, or (ii) investment
power, which includes the power to dispose or to direct the disposition, of shares of the common stock of an issuer. The definition of
beneficial ownership includes shares, underlying options or warrants to purchase common stock, or other securities convertible into common
stock, that currently are exercisable or convertible or that will become exercisable or convertible within 60 days. Unless otherwise
indicated, the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power. 

(2) For each shareholder,
the calculation of percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon 33,503,604 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of December 31,
2022, and shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants and/or conversion rights held by the shareholder that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days, which are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the shareholder holding such options,
warrants, or conversion rights. The percentage ownership of any shareholder is determined by assuming that the shareholder has exercised
all options, warrants and conversion rights to obtain additional securities and that no other shareholder has exercised such rights. 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

We have employment agreements
with CEO, Yanru Zhou on Feb. 28, 2018 for 5 years, subject to automatic renewals of another 5 years she is entitled to a compensation
of 10,000 shares of stock of the Company each year. 

Equity Compensation
Plan Information 

As of the date of this
Form 10-K, the Company has not authorized any equity compensation plan, nor has our Board of Directors authorized the reservation or
issuance of any securities under any equity compensation plan. 

Changes in Control 

There are no arrangements
known to us, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change
in control of the Company. 

17 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY
 TRANSACTIONS. 

Transactions with
Related Persons 

During the year of 2022,
the Company had no advances from related parties. 

Director Independence 

Currently, we have no
independent directors on our Board of Directors, and therefore have no formal procedures in effect for reviewing and pre-approving any
transactions between us, our directors, officers and other affiliates. We will use our best efforts to insure that all transactions are
on terms at least as favorable to the Company as we would negotiate with unrelated third parties. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees(1) 

6,340 

10,550 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees(2) 

All other fees 

Total 

6,340 

10,550 

(1) 
 Consists of fees billed for the audit of
 our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that
 are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) 
 Tax Fees 
 consisted of fees billed for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

Pre-Approval Policies
and Procedures 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, all audit and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our Board to assure that such
services do not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures, our Board pre-approved
the audit service performed by James Pai, CPA., for our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

18 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1(1) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.2(1) 
 
 By-Laws 
 
 4.1(1) 
 
 Form of Share Certificate 
 
 10.1(1) 
 
 Private Placement Memorandum 
 
 10.2(1) 
 
 Subscription Agreement 
 
 10.3(1) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 The following
 materials from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting
 Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders' Equity (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements. 

(1) Filed as exhibits
to the registrant s Form SB-2 filed with the Commission on June 29, 2007. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Sino United Worldwide Consolidated Ltd. 

Date: June 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yanru
 Zhou 

Yanru
 Zhou 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Yanru Zhou 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 6/30/2023 
 
 Yanru Zhou 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Yanru Zhou 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 6/30/2023 
 
 Yanru Zhou 

20 

SUIC Worldwide Holdings
Ltd. 

 December 31, 2021 and
2022 

 Index to the financial
statements 

Contents 
 Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Stockholders Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 F-6 

21 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have
audited the accompanying balance sheets of Sino United Worldwide Consolidated Ltd Company (the Company as of December 31,
2022, Balance Sheets, Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Statements of
Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency) Statements of Cash Flows, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). 

In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with US GAAP: Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

 The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial
statements, developing new businesses in various fields raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the
company s auditor since 2019. 

June 30, 2023 

F- 1 

SUIC
Worldwide Holdings Ltd. 

 Balance
Sheets 

December
 31, 
 2022 
 December
 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Short
 Term Investment - Held-For-Trading 

Total
 Current Assets 

NONCURRENT ASSETS: 

Loans
 receivable 

Fixed
 assets 

Other
 receivables - Income From HFT 

Other
 interest receivables - Sinoway International 

Other
 receivables -SUIC Beneway USA Inc. 

Other
 receivables 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES: 

Credit
 card payable 

Convertible
 promissory notes- other 

Short
 term debts 

Accrued
 expenses and other liabilities 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Stockholders 
 Deficiency 

Common stock, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders' Surplus (Deficiency) 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Surplus (Deficiency) 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

SUIC
Worldwide Holdings Ltd. 

 Statements
of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating
 Expenses 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Income
 (Loss) from operations 

Other
 income 

Other
 income from Cancellation of Liability 

Other
 expense: 

Bad
 debts expense 

Interest
 expense - related party 

Interest
 expense other 

Total
 other expense: 

Income
 (Loss) from continuing operations before income tax provision 

Income
 tax provision 

Income
 (Loss) from continuing operations 

Net
 Income (Loss) 

Earnings
 (loss) per share 

Basic -
 continuing operation 

-
 discontinuing operation 

Total 

Diluted
 - continuing operation 

-
 discontinuing operation 

Total 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

SUIC Worldwide Holdings
Ltd. 

 Statements of Stockholders'
Equity (Deficiency) 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated
 Other 

Number
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 Earnings
 (Deficit) 
 Income
 (Loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2020 

Shares
 issued 

Net
 income (loss) 

Balance,
 December 31, 2021 

Shares
 issued 

Net
 income (loss) 

Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

See accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

SUIC
Worldwide Holdings Ltd. 

 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH
 FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 profit 

Net
 profit (loss) from discontinued operation 

Net
 profit from continuing operation 

Adjustment
 to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Change
 in operating assets and liabilities 

Increase
 in accounts receivable 

Increase
 in loans receivable 

Other
 receivables - SUIC Beneway USA Inc. 

Other
 interest receivable - Sinoway International 

Depreciation 

Increase
 (decrease) in credit card payable 

Increase
 (decrease) in accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net
 cash used in continuing operation 

Net
 cash provided by discontinued operation 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH
 FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Increase
 in Short term investment-Held for Trading 

Capital
 expenditure 

Net
 cash used in continuing operation 

Net
 cash used in discontinued operation 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH
 FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from non-related party loan 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 

Net
 cash provided by continuing operation 

Net
 cash used in discontinued operation 

Net
 cash provided by(used in) financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes on cash 

INCREASE(DECREASE)
 IN CASH 

Cash
 - beginning of year 

Cash
 - end of year 

Supplement
 disclosure information 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for interest-discontinued operation 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

Cash
 paid for income taxes-discontinued operation 

Non-cash
 financing activities 

Debt
 discount incurred from beneficial conversion feature 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

SUIC Worldwide Holdings
Ltd. 

 Notes to the Financial
Statements 

and ,
respectively. 

Revenue
Recognition 

 The
Company s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with ASC 606. Revenue is recognized when the promised goods or services
are transferred to the customer. The amount of revenue recognized should equal the total consideration an entity expects to receive in
return for the goods or services. 

Our
revenues are primarily generated by providing professional services and software products, consulting and other professional services
to our clients and are billable to our clients based on the services provided, or achieved outcomes. Revenues are primarily driven by
the total value, scope, and terms of the consulting contracts. We also engage independent contractors to supplement our revenue-generating
professionals on client engagements as needed. 

We
adopt a fixed fee billing arrangement and agree to a pre-established fee in exchange for a predetermined set of professional services.
We set the fees based on our estimates of the costs and timing for completing the engagements. 

 Our
quarterly results are impacted principally by the total value, scope, and terms of our client contracts. Our utilization rate can be
affected by seasonal variations in the demand for our services from our clients. 

Our
operating expenses include professional fees, technology costs, software and data hosting expenses, rent and other office related expenses. 

F- 8 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

In year 2022, the Company
write-off Accounts receivable from iDrink in amount of 55,000 due to the amount becomes uncollectiable. 

.00
as of December 31, 2022. The note have parity in conversion in to common share for 0.001 per share with interest rate 5 per annum .
The composition of the outstanding balance state as following tables: 

loan granted convertible to 65 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 December
 1, 2018 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 20 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 January
 29, 2019 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 15 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 June
 1, 2019 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 50 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 July
 1, 2019 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 20 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 December
 1, 2019 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 20 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 January
 22, 2020 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 35 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 June
 1, 2020 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 12 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 August
 25, 2020 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 25 million shares of common stock of the Company. 
 
 December
 28, 2020 
 USD 
 loan granted convertible to 25 million shares of common stock of the Company. 

The Company
has signed the following unsecured short term loan agreements with creditor, Shoou Chyn Kan total .00
as of December 31, 2022. The Company plan to clear this Short Term Loans in year 2023, so it is classified as short-term liability. 

.00 
 
 March
 29, 2021 
 .00 
 
 August
 23, 2021 
 .00 
 
 December
 16, 2021 
 .00 
 
 December
 21, 2021 
 .00 

.00.
During 2022, the accrued interest from those convertible promissory notes is .51. 

As of
December 31 st , 2022, the outstanding balance of the short-term loan (principal) from the creditor-Shouo-Chynn Kan is .00.
During 2022, the accrued interest from these short -term loan is .00. 

F- 9 

million net operating loss carryforward available in the U.S. from continuing operation to
reduce future taxable income. The Company set up 100 valuation allowance for deferred tax assets resulting from net operating loss carryforward. 

The U.S.
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act was enacted on December 22, 2017 and introduces significant changes to U.S. income tax law.
Effective in 2018, the Tax Act reduces the U.S. statutory tax rate from 35 to 21 and creates new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings
and certain related-party payments, which are referred to as the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively.
The Company's deferred tax assets were remeasured to reflect the reduction in the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 , resulting
in a change of deferred tax assets of 
 for the year ended December 31, 2017. This amount can be seen on the rate reconciliation
as an adjustment to deferred tax asset and corresponding valuation allowance. 

F-10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 suic0630form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Yanru Zhou, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Dated: June 30, 2023 

 By: /s/ Yanru Zhou 

 Name: Yanru Zhou 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 suic0630form10kexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Yanru Zhou, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered breport; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Dated: June 30, 2023 

 By: /s/ Yanru Zhou 

 Name:Yanru Zhou 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 suic0630form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

As Adopted Pursuant to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of SUIC Worldwide
Holdings Ltd. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yanru Zhou, as CEO of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Dated: June 30, 2023. 

 By: /s/ Yanru Zhou 

 Name: Yanru Zhou 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. and will be retained by SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 suic0630form10kexh32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

As Adopted Pursuant to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of SUIC Worldwide
Holdings Ltd. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yanru Zhou, as CFO of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Dated: June 30, 2023 By: /s/ Yanru Zhou 

 Name: Yanru Zhou 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. and will be retained by SUIC Worldwide Holdings Ltd. and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 suic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 suic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 suic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 suic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

