<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1612188_0001079973-23-000486.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2839950</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112276</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>633103</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>679817</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>610166</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>743833</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-000486.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417172343
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-000486
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TEO FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001612188
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				471209532
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56445
		FILM NUMBER:		23824827

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BLVD INSURGENTES 19801
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4-B
		CITY:			TIJUANA
		STATE:			O5
		ZIP:			22216
		BUSINESS PHONE:		619-758-1973

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4871 NARRAGANSETT AVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-000486.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 teo_10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from ________________ to
_______________ 

(Commission file number) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address and telephone number of principal
executive offices) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 None 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). . x No o 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or, any amendment to Form 10-K. Yes x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

o 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o 
 x 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, was . 

As of April 17, 2023, there were 
shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TEO
Foods Inc. 

 Index 

Page 
Number 
 
 PART I. 
 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 
 Description of Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

8 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

8 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

8 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

8 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

9 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

9 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

10 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

15 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

F-1 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

16 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

16 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

16 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

16 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

17 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

19 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

20 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

20 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

20 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

22 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10K Summary 

22 

SIGNATURES 

23 

2 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section
regarding Management's Discussion and Analysis and Results of Operation) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, 
 believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify
forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters are forward-looking statements. 

Although forward-looking statements in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently
known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and our actual results and the
timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including
but not limited to, our ability to obtain necessary equity or debt financing to continue operations, and ultimately our ability to generate
profit from sales of packaged food products. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We undertake no obligation to revise or update any
forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
except as required by law. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of
this Annual Report. 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business. 

General 

 Teo Foods Inc. TEO Foods or the Company produces and sells packaged food and beverage products for retail in the frozen, refrigerated and shelf stable categories. We utilize
our production capacities for our own brands and to co-pack for other brands sold domestically and in Mexico. We are also working to commercialize
a novel sterilization system for packaged food products that is intended to improve food quality and extended shelf life. We operate from
our processing and packaging facilities in Tijuana Mexico. 

 The Company created a new subsidiary, BC
TEO Foods S.A de C.V., BC TEO in January 2020, which is operating our facilities in Tijuana Mexico where we have our processing
and packaging equipment. The facilities have been remodeled for higher productivity and to achieve a high food safety certification in
support of access to global markets. The TEO Pasteurizer/Sterilizer was also transferred to the facilities for final R D and validation
for production. 

We have been working to develop business that is diverse.
We provide logistics services including cold and dry storage in our warehouse. 

In March 2022, we received initial licensing in Mexico
to produce alcohol in our Tijuana facilities. We are currently able to produce and export alcoholic beverages produced in our facility.
We are in the process of completing licensing that will allow us to distribute and sell throughout Mexico. We believe that the addition
of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages to our capabilities will expand our opportunities in the USA and Mexico. 

In May 2022, we licensed the Nerys Brand for products
sold outside Mexico to an international distributor of a variety of meat, fish, cheese and other food products throughout the USA, south
and central America. In exchange we will receive a royalty on the NERYS branded products sold outside of Mexico and will be the supplier
of these branded products. 

Our facility benefits from its close proximity
to the California border crossings into San Diego, low labor rates, low commercial lease rates and the ease of manufacturing for export
due to the U.S.-Mexico-Canada (USMCA) Trade Agreement. We have reception, conference and administration offices. The combined suites are
adjoining with forklift access internally between all 38,000 square feet and truck loading bays. 

 We will continue to develop our products for placements
in Mexico and export to the USA. We believe that expanding our operations to include alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages will also support
the development of trayed meal products for final R D and validation for production of the TEO Pasteurizer/Sterilizer. This assumes
that we are able to secure additional capital to acquire the necessary equipment, supplies and staff. 

We will maintain a website located at www.teofoods.com,
and electronic copies of our filings with the SEC will be available on our website as soon as practicable after such material is filed
with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

Product Overview 

 Our product offering for processing on the TEO Pasteurizer/Sterilizer
will be single serve and multi-serve entrees and side dishes focusing on convenience items that drive superior margins. We will
offer varying levels of vegetarian, organic, all natural, ethnic and home-style entrees that command a premium price in the market place. 
Each meal will contain a starch and multiple vegetables with an exquisite sauce to compliment the meal. Sauce quality will help
us differentiate our products along with our unique production process. The vegetables will be high quality vegetables such as broccoli
florets with no stems. (Example: Teriyaki Rice Bowl with Vegetables or Home Style Garlic Mashed Potatoes). The meals will
have universal appeal but will also target specific demographic groups such as vegetarians and consumers who value organic meals. This
type of product was selected based on current trends, our unique production process and handling requirements needed to process USDA meat
components. Secondarily, these products are expected to have higher pricing to consumers which supports the use of high-quality components
and the limited initial production throughput. 

This preliminary product mix may change prior to initial
production based on additional market research and customer input. There is a unique opportunity to market multiple products, so
consumers can mix 'n match meal components such as buying a side dish of garlic mashed potatoes and a serving of their favorite
vegetable in sauce. 

Management will initially produce single and multi-serve
entrees side dishes that have extended shelf life in a refrigerated format with the long-term intent to market shelf
stable meals. The refrigerated status will allow us to create critical mass while simultaneously seeking Food and Drug
Administration FDA approval for our new production process. 

The total market for frozen, refrigerated and shelf
stable entrees and side dishes is a very dynamic marketplace that welcomes new product ideas. We expect the extended shelf life
will be embraced by wholesale customers due to supply chain issues of refrigerated foods and the application of a pasteurization/sterilization
process in this category adds a food safety component that is not provided by other products in this category. 

3 

Benefits of the Licensed Process and Improved Products 

 Quality, safety and convenience are what we believe
to be the primary benefits to the licensed process. 

The process is expected to produce sterilized meals
in less than 15 minutes of processing time with time at sterilization temperatures targeted to preserve quality and assure safety. Pasteurization
is expected in less processing time. We believe that achieving rapid heat rise times to sterilization temperature and rapid cool time
back to near ambient or refrigerated temperature will produce meals that have improved taste, texture, color and nutritional values over
conventional retort sterilization methods which can subject the food to high temperatures for an hour or more. 

Our process utilizes microwave energy to achieve rapid
heating of packaged food products. Food packages are filled and sealed using standard industry systems and enter our system via conveyor.
Multiple tuned cavities apply varying power levels to rapidly and evenly heat the food to the desired temperature. 

Retort methods place the product in a steam chamber
and must rely on thermal transfer of heat from the outer surfaces to reach the center. Like cooking a roast in a conventional oven, it
can take a very long time for the center to reach the desired temperature. 

Microwave energy penetrates the food and can heat
throughout the product with some limitations on depth of penetration and the challenges of overheating patterns. 

The currently licensed 200-kilowatt system we intend
to use for our products is designed to process twelve-ounce rigid tray packages. The system may be utilized in different configurations
to achieve different levels of pasteurization /sterilization. The tray passing through the exposure cavities is heated to the desired
temperature in about two minutes. 

We believe the quality related to pasteurized/refrigerated
foods will be comparable as these products are not subjected to high sterilization temperatures for extended periods. These products have
a consumer perception of being high quality, healthy and nearly fresh prepared foods. We believe our products will be of equal or better
quality and have a near fresh taste. 

Our products will have an added safety benefit over
many current offerings of refrigerated and frozen products because we will have subjected the products to pasteurization/sterilization
temperatures; killing off resistant microorganisms that may remain viable in many traditional frozen and refrigerated products. Consumers
often put themselves to health risks by failing to heat frozen and refrigerated products to safe temperatures prior to consumption. Consumers
may not realize that the frozen or refrigerated products they are purchasing may not have undergone any sterilization processes. The importance
of warning labels and instructions to cook thoroughly before eating can go ignored by a consumer heating a meal hastily during a lunch
break. 

We believe retailers and consumers will benefit from
our distribution as a refrigerated product due to the extended shelf life we intend to provide. Our products can be processed at sterilization
temperatures and will have packaging with high barrier properties; resulting in the ability to offer longer shelf life as a refrigerated
product. This can result in less waste to the retailer and better quality to the consumer throughout the shelf life of the product. 

We believe our products will be less susceptible to
distribution variables that can affect safety and quality of frozen and refrigerated products. Frozen products can thaw and refreeze several
times before they are eaten by the consumer. Variation of refrigeration temperatures during distribution and at the retailers can cause
safety risks and quality issues to consumers refrigerated products. 

Once our products are approved for shelf stable distribution,
we expect consumers, customers and retailers to eventually prefer the convenience of the ambient ready to eat meal versus frozen or refrigerated
meals. 

When consumers become familiar and trust our products
as refrigerated, we hope to transition those products out of refrigeration where we expect consumers to embrace the convenience of a high
quality, healthy, ready to eat meal. The ambient meal can be warmed in 30 to 60 seconds. A typical comparable frozen meal can require
5 minutes or more and often requires multiple steps of heating and stirring. 

We will likely maintain distribution as refrigerated
products even after we are approved for shelf stable distribution due to the negative quality perception and low price point of the existing
shelf stable products in the U.S. markets. 

4 

Market Overview 

 The global frozen food market size was valued at USD
291.3 billion in 2019. Growing importance of Ready-to-Eat (RTE) food products as a result of hectic lifestyles among working class individuals
on a global level is expected to expand the industry size over the next few years. Moreover, increasing spending on shelf-stable foods
among consumers is anticipated to expand the market for frozen food in the near future. 

The frozen ready meals segment accounted for more
than 30.0 of revenue share in 2019 in the frozen food market. The segment is expected to maintain its dominance over the forecast period
[2020 to 2026] on account of pre-dominant consumption of ready meals among working class people around the globe. 

Some of the manufacturers include Wawona Frozen Foods;
Bellisio Foods; McCain Foods; ConAgra Foods, Inc.; General Mills, Inc.; and Nestle S.A. Industry participants have been focusing on ensuring
the continuous stock access in the supermarkets and hypermarkets amid the coronavirus breakdown. In March 2020, the CEO of the Kraft Heinz
Co. has officially announced that the company is working hard for filling the demand supply gap owning to the seismic changes in the food
industry. The company confirmed that frozen food, macaroni, cheese, and vinegar are one of the largest selling products and their demand
has been witnessing surge significantly amid coronavirus breakdown. (https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/frozen-food-market) 

The global ready meals market size was valued at USD
159.15 billion in 2019 and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.5 from 2020 to 2027. Shifting consumers 
food preferences towards ready-to-eat food products owing to busy lifestyle of working individuals as well as hectic work schedules of
college grads and students is expected to be a key factor for the market growth. Moreover, growing demand for minimally processed and
additive-free food products with extended shelf life is expected to fuel the market growth. 

In recent years, the employment has been growing across
the globe, which has changed the food preferences of the consumers. Customers around the globe are more inclining towards food items that
can easily be consumed without any efforts. Due to hectic work schedules, people around the globe are buying Ready-to-Eat (RTE) food products
and meals, which are easy to cook and less time consuming. These consumer food preferences are propelling the demand for ready meals. 

Frozen and chilled meals held the largest revenue
share of more than 50.0 in 2019 and are expected to maintain their lead over the forecast period owing to a wide range of products with
high shelf life. Frozen pizza is the most popular frozen ready meal, thereby significantly contributing to the global revenue. 

Supermarket
and hypermarket held the largest revenue share of 59.4 in 2019 and are expected to maintain their lead over the forecast period. Some
of the largest chains of supermarket and hypermarket, such as Walmart, Tesco, 7Eleven, Apar, and Aldi, are expanding their stores across
the globe. These market giants are increasing their product offerings in order to attract the customers. https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/ready-meals-market) 

We believe we can market long shelf life refrigerated
and shelf stable Ready-to-Eat (RTE) food products and meals that capitalize on consumer trends with great nutrition, value, taste and
texture. 

5 

The Consumer 

 We expect domestic consumers to have initial reservations
regarding ambient ready to eat meals. Consumers are familiar with frozen products of this type and will likely have quality, taste, health
and safety concerns related to sterilization and ambient storage. 

We will initially market our products as refrigerated.
Consumers can transition to accept our ambient product through familiarity with an extended life refrigerated product. Based on
our success with consumers in the refrigerated category we envision having both refrigerated and shelf stable entrees and sides. Consumers
will need to slowly transition to shelf stable entrees and sides once they gain trust in product quality. An example of this
transition in the U.S. market was the marketing of UHT soy and dairy products in the chilled section of the supermarkets. These products
are shelf stable for months but required marketing in the chilled dairy section to develop sales with U.S. consumers. Slowly we saw these
products moved from chilled to the shelf. 

We expect consumers, customers and retailers to eventually
prefer the convenience of the ambient ready to eat meal versus frozen or refrigerated meals. The meal can be eaten as is or heated. 
We expect the most popularly used heating method will be in a common home microwave oven. Consumers are expected to enjoy a more appealing
final reheated meal. The ambient meal can be warmed in 30 to 60 seconds. A typical comparable frozen meal requires 5 minutes or more and
often requires multiple steps of heating and stirring. 

Distribution 

 We anticipate using traditional supply chain partners
to get to market. We expect to market products regionally based on our first production line. Upon regional success, we will add lines
when needed to service customers on a national basis. Management believes our biggest distribution challenge will be creating critical
mass to drive reasonable supply chain costs from storage to actual frequent shipments to customers, so they have acceptable inventory
turns. 

Other foodservice, c-store, vending and military customers
may also place our product and force distribution accordingly, but we will still be faced with supporting reasonable supply chain costs. 

We will initially distribute all our products as chilled. 
We have no domestic distribution agreements established at this time. We can distribute in Mexico through our subsidiary, BCTEO Foods
Mexico, and our licensed Nerys brand placements in grocery and convenience stores. 

Branding 

 We intend to build a new brand in refrigerated and
shelf stable entrees and sides. We will also produce private label products for other brands and retailers. 

We will be faced with the traditional challenges of
introducing, marketing and gaining consumer acceptance of food products to consumers in highly competitive markets dominated by mega companies
with generationally established brand recognition. 

Management believes by changing the technology in
refrigerated and shelf stable entree product life/shelf life, it is an ideal opportunity to carve out a new branded position. We
view the use of extended refrigerated shelf life and subsequent introduction of quality long-life, high-quality shelf stable entrees as
a means to establish a new brand in the market. The benefit of refining the sterilization process is a major point of differentiation
in the marketplace. We expect to receive limited competitive response since price won't be a determining factor due
to our extended shelf life and high quality. 

We will brand and also offer private label to continue
the current perception of prepared on premise with national retailers. In other segments such as military, c-store,
etc., private label may be more prevalent. 

6 

Competition 

 We will be competing with major food companies that
have substantially more resources and influence over retail placements, distribution and supply chain. 

Mega companies like Con-Agra, Nestle, Tyson and others
dominate the markets and have many brands and products competing for retail shelf space. 

If we are able to gain a market presence with our
unique products and process in the domestic refrigerated category these larger competitors could utilize their vast resources to develop
and market products to compete. 

There is room for new competitors in both refrigerated
and shelf stable entrees sides. Frozen competitors are not expected to view us as an immediate threat due to the convenience
and long life of current frozen food formats. Once retailers embrace our product offerings due to their long shelf life and as we
fine tune our process we expect competitors will then react to us more aggressively. 

Certain Agreements 

 Our current agreements consist primarily of business
to business agreements. These agreements enable and facilitate the introduction of our branded products into the market. 

Royalty and License Agreement 

 On September 30, 2017, the Company entered into a
Master Agreement with TEO Inc. TEO ). TEO is the founder and majority controlling shareholder of the Company. The Master Agreement
provides the Company a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products it sells and to apply TEO's pasteurization/sterilization
processes to its products for improved shelf life and safety. Additional provisions provide the Company production rights to TEO's pasteurizer/sterilizer
and rights to lease its own system when certain sales/production increase. 

Nerys Brand License 

 In May 2022, the Company licensed the Nerys Brand
for products sold outside Mexico to an international distributor of a variety of meat, fish, cheese and other food products throughout
the USA, south and central America. In exchange it will receive a royalty on the NERYS branded products sold outside of Mexico and will
be the supplier of these branded products. 

Research and Development 

 We do not engage in research and development activities
as part of our business at this time. We will cooperate with TEO Inc. in its research and development of its pasteurization/sterilization
technology pursuant to the terms of the Master Agreement. 

Intellectual Property and Licenses 

 We have a license agreement with TEO Inc. The
Master Agreement provides the Company a license to use the TEO name and logo on food products it sells and to apply TEO's pasteurization/sterilization
processes to its products for improved shelf life and safety. Additional provisions provide the Company production rights to TEO's pasteurizer/sterilizer
and rights to lease its own system when certain sales/production increase. 

We do not currently hold Patent rights. We may develop
certain recipes and formulae related to our products in the ordinary course of business. We may develop additional trademark and other
branding related intellectual property as we launch and market our products. 

Government Regulation 

 We will be producing and selling food products in
the domestic and international markets. We will be required to comply with various regulations in each jurisdiction related to food safety
and consumer protection. We will be required to comply with regulations related to food handling, packaging, labeling, storage and shipping.
International sales will have to comply with customs regulations. 

We intend to introduce our initial products in the
refrigerated category which does not require regulatory approval. When we choose to proceed with the introduction of products in the shelf
stable category we will be required to have approval from the FDA to sell our products in the United States as shelf stable. Although,
microwave sterilization technology for packaged shelf stable meals was accepted by FDA in 2010, each process and product application must
be approved prior to any sales as shelf stable. 

Obtaining these approvals can take more than a year
and require extensive data and expert support to obtain an approval which with the application of any novel technology may never be granted.
It was a concern for many years that any microwave-based sterilization process would ever be approved by the FDA given the challenges
to validation data where many traditional temperature measurement methods are incompatible with the application of microwave energy. 

We believe that the system production data from our
sale of products in the refrigerated category will be supportive to an application to the FDA by TEO Inc. for shelf stable approval. TEO
Inc. would make the determination of when to proceed with an application and bear the costs related to the application. TEO Inc.
does not have an application for shelf stable approval pending with the FDA at this time. 

We are not currently aware of any pending regulations that would materially
impact our operations. 

7 

Employees 

 We currently have Jeffrey Mackay as CEO, President
and Director and John O'Keefe as CFO and Director. 

Jeffrey Mackay currently devotes approximately 50 
of his time to the business of TEO Foods, Inc. and the remainder of his time on other business ventures. 

John O'Keefe currently has made available approximately
10 of his time for the business of TEO Foods, Inc. based on the current business needs at this time. 

We expect to increase our future employee levels on
an as-needed basis in connection with our expected growth. 

The Company utilizes two staffing agencies in Mexico
that currently provide us with staffing as needed for production, warehouse, merchandising and administration. We currently have eight
people working in Tijuana. We are planning to bring on additional workers now that we have begun production operations in the new facility. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

In January of 2020, we took possession of an approximately
18,000 square foot facility located in Tijuana Mexico. The current lease rate is approximately 7,300 per month. The facility is predominantly
configured for cold storage and production operations. It also has a large dry warehouse area and four truck loading docks. Office space
is also included at the facility for management and accounting staff. 

In September of 2020, we took possession of two adjoining
approximately 10,000 square foot facilities located in Tijuana Mexico. The current lease rate is approximately 4,100 per month. The facilities
are predominantly configured for warehouse operations and include three truck loading docks. Office space is also included at the facility. 

We have configured the entry offices of the center
unit as the main entrances for the combined facility with reception, conference and administration offices. The combined facilities are
adjoining with forklift access internally between all 38,000 square feet and truck loading bays. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

8 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

 Our Common Stock is currently listed for quotation on the OTXQB under the
symbol TEOF. We have recently completed approval with Depository Trust Company (DTC), shareholders can now electronically deposit their
stock. As of the date of this filing only the initial qualifying deposit has been made and no trades have occurred. There can be no assurances
that a market will develop for our Common Stock. 

Holders 

 As of the date of this report, an aggregate of 13,071,957 shares of common
stock were issued and outstanding and held by approximately 60 holders of record. 

Dividends 

 We have never paid or declared any cash dividends
on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future but rather intend to retain future earnings,
if any, for reinvestment in our future business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be in compliance with our contractual
obligations and otherwise at the discretion of the board of directors and based upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital
requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant. 

Transfer Agent 

 Our registrar and transfer agent is Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

 We did not have any equity compensation plans or arrangements
for any director, officer, employee and/or consultant through December 31, 2022. 

Our Board of Directors may adopt an equity compensation
plan in the future to provide common stock option grants to selected employees, non-employee directors, consultants and advisors. 

Issuer Purchase of Securities 

 None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered equity securities
during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and to the date of this report that were not previously reported. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

9 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following Management's Discussion and
Analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes thereto. The Management's Discussion and Analysis
may contain forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. 

 These statements are based on the current expectations,
forecasts, and assumptions of our management and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are sometimes identified
by language such as believes, anticipates, estimates, expects, plans, 
 intends, projects, future and similar expressions and may also include references to plans,
strategies, objectives, and anticipated future performance as well as other statements that are not strictly historical in nature. 

The risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include: 

our ability to successfully develop and sell our products; 

our ability to obtain additional financing at favorable rates to maintain and develop our operations; 

competitive conditions in our industry; and 

the ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

There may be other factors that may cause our actual
results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. We can give no assurances that any of the events anticipated by the
forward-looking statements will occur or, if any of them do, what impact they will have on our results of operations and financial condition.
Readers should carefully consider this information as well as the risks and other uncertainties described in our other filings made with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. They reflect
opinions, assumptions, and estimates only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances,
or otherwise. 

Overview 

TEO Foods Inc. Company was
incorporated in the state of Nevada on December 27, 2012. 

 The Company s principal activity is
to produce and sell food packaged products for retail sale in the frozen, refrigerated and shelf stable categories. The Company has a
license to use the TEO name and logo on food products it sells and to apply the TEO pasteurization/sterilization processes to its products
for improved shelf life and safety. 

 In January 2020, the Company created BCTEO
Foods S.A. de C.V. BC TEO Foods ), a 100 owned subsidiary in Mexico. BCTEO Foods is the operating entity in Mexico and
holds all facilities leases. 

 In March 2022, we received initial licensing in Mexico
to produce alcohol in our Tijuana facilities. We are currently able to produce and export alcoholic beverages produced in our facility.
We are in the process of completing licensing that will allow us to distribute and sell throughout Mexico. We believe that the addition
of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages to our capabilities will expand our opportunities in the USA and Mexico. 

In May 2022, we licensed the Nerys Brand for products
sold outside Mexico to an international distributor of a variety of meat, fish, cheese and other food products throughout the USA, south
and central America. In exchange we will receive a royalty on the NERYS branded products sold outside of Mexico and will be the supplier
of these branded products. 

10 

We will continue to develop our products
and services. We will continue to pursue co-packing opportunities to support production planning, formulation, equipment acquisition,
testing, validation, branding and sales of new products. This assumes that we are able to secure additional capital to purchase the necessary
equipment, supplies (trays, film, carton/print materials, etc.), retain consultants/staff and provide for other costs of production. 

 We have received equity and debt investments
both from insiders and from private investors. As we expand operational activities, we may continue to experience operating losses and/or
negative cash flows from operations and may be required to obtain additional financing to fund operations. There can be no assurance that
we will be able obtain additional financing, if at all, or upon terms that will be acceptable to us. 

 Our prospects must be considered in light
of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in our stage of development. Such risks include, but are not
limited to, an evolving business model and the management of growth. 

 To address these risks we must, among other things,
implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. There can
be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so can have a material adverse effect on our
business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Results of Operations 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had 85,759 and 64,678 in sales revenue, respectively. The increase was due to new revenue from warehousing and logistics
services utilizing our cold and dry storage. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 6,787 and 25,708 in
licensing and royalty revenue, respectively. The licensing and royalty revenue for Mexico terminated during the second quarter of 2022
due to a fire in the licensee s facility, we were notified that they have discontinued operations. We are focusing on establishing
distribution relationships and providing our own products through those channels. We are also seeking co-packing opportunities from established
brands. We expected sales to develop from a new licensing and distribution agreement for Nerys branded food products outside Mexico. We
did not receive any royalties or sales from this agreement during the year ended 2022. 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had general and administrative expenses of 33,537 and 61,848, respectively. The increased amount in 2021 was primarily due
to a 20,000 payment for services related to our seeking quotation on the OTC. Payroll expenses were 17,708 and 43,556 during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Payroll expense was lower due to reduced staff in Mexico but is expected to increase as
we replace staff. Rent and lease expenses were 135,691 and 147,663 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Rent
and lease expenses remain relatively stable, the slight reduction was a result of no charges on one suite during the repair of damage
caused by a fire in the adjacent unit. Depreciation expenses were 10,506 and 10,250 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

 Interest expense was 38,885 and 32,365
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This interest is primarily
related to notes payable. 

 Other expense was 2,233 and 127 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The Company's comprehensive loss for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 351,878 and 397,450, respectively. The primary differences between the years were the increase
in warehousing sales and reduced operating costs in 2022. 

 Expenses are expected to increase as our operations
develop and we begin to provide services and introduce new products into the market. 

11 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company paid 1,700 and 3,200, respectively, toward the current portion of the license fee payable. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we had total assets of 107,724 and 137,622, respectively. The loss of assets was primarily due to the 31,929 write off resulting from
the termination of the royalty agreement. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had total liabilities of 1,575,505 and 1,273,525, respectively. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 was 156,729 and 234,071, respectively. A substantial portion of these amounts resulted from accrued salary expense due
to our CEO totaling 126,000 and 85,100, respectively. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0 and 6,959, respectively. The 2021 amount was primarily property and equipment purchases. 

Net cash provided from financing activities for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 154,400 and 221,243, respectively. The cash provided for the year ended December 31, 2022
was primarily as loans from our CEO of 130,100. The cash provided for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily from the sale of
common stock of 67,443 and debt of 157,000. 

Over the next twelve months, we believe that
we will require additional capital and anticipated funds from operations to further develop and sustain our operations. The Company will
need to seek additional financing to expand operations and create revenue with the introduction of its products to the market. The TEO
license requires future payments and royalty payments on related revenue. 

 We believe that we will need to raise an
additional 1,000,000 over the next 12 months and intend to seek additional investment through a private or a public equity offering.
We will use the proceeds to cover our product development, auditing and accounting costs, licensing, necessary equipment, supplies (trays,
film, carton/print materials, etc.), retain consultants/staff, provide for other costs of production and other working capital needs. 

 There can be no assurance that we will be able obtain
additional financing, if at all or upon terms that will be acceptable to us. There can be no assurance of when, if ever, our operations
become profitable. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements or financing
activities with special purpose entities. 

Going Concern 

 The Company s financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has insufficient working capital as of December 31, 2022 to
develop its business plan and meet its obligation of the next 12 months. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support
from its stockholders, the Company's ability to obtain necessary equity or debt financing to continue operations, and ultimately the Company's
ability to generate profit from sales of packaged food and beverage products. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
to classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We have identified
the following accounting policies that we believe are key to an understanding of our financial statements. These are important
accounting policies that require management's most difficult, subjective judgments. 

12 

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The
Company consolidates the financial statements of its wholly-owned subsidiaries and all intercompany transactions and account balances
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

All amounts referred to in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements are in United States Dollars ) unless stated otherwise. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments
and other short-term investments with a maturity date of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash equivalents. 

Foreign Currency Translation 

 The Company subsidiary s primary functional
currency is the Mexican peso, but it s reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The balance sheet accounts are translated at exchange
rates in effect at the end of the period and income statement accounts are translated at average exchange rates for the period. Translation
gains and losses are included as a separate component of stockholders deficit. 

Accounts Receivable 

 Accounts receivable are reported at the customers 
outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable. The allowance
for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately, 0 and 16,000, respectively. 

Inventory and Cost of Sales 

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or realizable
value, using the average cost method. When an impairment indicator suggests that the carrying amounts of inventories might not be recoverable,
the Company reviews such carrying amounts and estimates the net realizable value based on the most reliable evidence available at that
time. An impairment loss is recorded if the net realizable value is less than the carrying value. Impairment indicators considered for
these purposes are, among others, obsolescence, decrease in market prices, damage and a firm commitment to sell. 

Property and Equipment 

 Property and equipment are stated at cost. Major renewals
and improvements are charged to the asset accounts while replacements, maintenance and repairs that do not improve or extend the lives
of the respective assets are expensed. At the time property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the asset and related
accumulated depreciation accounts are relieved of the applicable amounts. Gains or losses from retirements or sales are credited or charged
to income. 

Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 

 Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company periodically evaluates
whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment. When impairment indicators exist, the Company uses market
quotes, if available, or an estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows of the related asset or asset group over the remaining
life in measuring whether or not the asset values are recoverable. The Company did not recognize impairment on its long-lived assets during
the periods ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Identified intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company s only intangible asset consists
of the royalty agreement discussed in Note 8. 

Convertible Debentures 

 The Company adopted the guidance in Accounting Standards Updated ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity on January 1, 2022. ASU 2020-06 simplifies
an issuer s accounting for convertible instruments and its application of the derivatives scope exception for contracts in its own
equity. Additionally, ASU 2020-06 removes the requirements for accounting for beneficial conversion features. The Company adopted ASU
2020-06 utilizing the modified retrospective method, which resulted in an immaterial impact to the Company. 

13 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ).
Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services. In addition, the standard requires disclosure of
the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The amount of revenue that
is recorded reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company applies
the following five-step model in order to determine this amount: 

i. 
 Identification of the promised goods in the contract; 

ii. 
 Determination of whether the promised goods are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the contract; 

iii. 
 Measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint of variable consideration; 

iv. 
 Allocation of the transaction price of the performance obligations; and 

v. 
 Recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts
when it is probable the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods and services it transfers to
the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract
to determine which performance obligations the Company must deliver and which of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company
recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligations when the performance
obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. Generally, the Company s performance obligations are transferred to customers at
a point in time typically upon delivery. The Company primarily sells packaged food products to its customers. The Company s performance
obligation is satisfied when the goods have been delivered, which is at a point in time. The Company provides manufacturing services for
packaged food and other products. The Company s performance obligation is satisfied for services when the services are completed
or the related products have been delivered, which is at a point in time. The Company receives revenue from a licensing and royalty agreement
and the licensee incurs fees based on their sales to their customers, which occurs when the products are delivered. The Company s
performance obligation related to these agreements is satisfied at the point in time when the products are delivered. 

Use of Estimates 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

 Fair value is defined as
the price that would be received in the sale of an asset or that would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. The Company has categorized all investments recorded at fair value based upon the level of
judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. 

Hierarchical levels, directly related to
the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of these assets and liabilities, are as follows: 

 Level 1: Quoted
prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the organization has the ability to access at the reporting date. 

Level 2: Inputs
other than quoted prices included in Level 1, which are either observable or that can be derived from or corroborated by observable data
as of the reporting date. 

Level 3: Inputs
include those that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability and are generally less observable from objective resources
and reflect the reporting entity's assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

The Company's financial instruments
consist of advances from related party, notes payable, convertible notes payable and license fee payable. The Company considers the carrying
value of such amounts in the financial statements to approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature of the respective instruments. 

14 

Loss Per Share of Common
Stock 

 Basic earnings (loss) per
share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period. The calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities
or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Securities with anti-dilutive effects on
net earnings (loss) per share are excluded. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, none of the convertible preferred shares or convertible
debt were included in the calculation of diluted weighted average shares as they were anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
preferred shares convertible to 90,229,000 common shares were included in the diluted weighted average shares; however, notes convertible
into a maximum of 1,727,500 common shares were excluded from the calculation of loss per common share as the notes are anti-dilutive.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, common shares outstanding totaled 13,070,957 and 12,971,957, respectively. 

Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 In February 2016, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2016-02, Under this new guidance, lessees (including lessees under leases classified as finance leases, which are to be
classified based on criteria similar to that applicable to capital leases under current guidance, and leases classified as operating leases)
will recognize a right-to-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet, initially measured as the present value of lease payments
under the lease. Under current guidance, operating leases are not recognized on the balance sheet. However, the new guidance permits companies
to make an accounting policy election not to apply the recognition provisions of the new guidance to short term leases (leases with a
lease term of 12 months or less that do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to
exercise). If this election is made, lease payments under short term leases will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease
term. The Company has adopted the new guidance effective January 1, 2019: however, there was no impact to the financial statements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

Not applicable. 

15 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F - 2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 3 
 
 Consolidated Statements
 of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F - 6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F - 7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB #3289) 

 To the
 Board of Directors and Stockholders of TEO
Foods Inc. 

 Opinion
 on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of TEO Foods Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company has incurred net losses and has
had insufficient working capital since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet
its business plans, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified
with respect to that matter. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s 
auditor since 2019. PCAOB Firm ID# 3289 

 Tampa, 

 April 17, 2023 

3001
N. Rocky Point Dr. East Suite 
200 i Tampa, Florida 
33607 i 813.367.3527 

F- 2 

TEO Foods, Inc. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

License and royalty income receivable 

Inventories, net 

Taxes receivable, net 

Prepaid and other assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Royalty agreement 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Related party advances 

License fee payable - related party 

Notes payable 

Convertible note payable - current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 

Stockholders' deficit 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock , par value, shares authorized, and , issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

TEO Foods, Inc 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expense 

Payroll 

General and administrative 

Rent and lease 

Professional fees 

Depreciation 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Licensing and royalty income 

Loss on Royalty Agreement 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Loss per common share - 

basic and diluted 

Weighted average common 

shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

TEO Foods Inc. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net Cash provided (used) in operations: 

Depreciation expense 

Stock compensation expense 

Bad debt expense 

Loss on royalty agreement 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

License and royalty income receivable 

Inventories 

Tax receivable 

Prepaid and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by
 (used) in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash (used) in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from related party advances 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Payment of deemed dividend to Teo Inc. for license 

Net cash provided
 by in financing activities 

Effect of foreign currency exchange translation 

Net change for period 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplement Information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TEO Foods, Inc. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Additional 
 
 Other 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

Capital contribution for disposal of Targa 

Sale of common stock 

Conversion of notes 

Stock cancelled 

Compensation common stock 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Sale of common stock 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

TEO Foods Inc. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. 

t recognize impairment on its long-lived assets during
the periods ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Identified intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company s only intangible asset consists
of the royalty agreement discussed in Note 7. 

The Company only applies the five-step model to contracts
when it is probable the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods and services it transfers to
the customer. Once a contract is determined to be within the scope of Topic 606 at contract inception, the Company reviews the contract
to determine which performance obligations the Company must deliver and which of these performance obligations are distinct. The Company
recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligations when the performance
obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. Generally, the Company s performance obligations are transferred to customers at
a point in time typically upon delivery. The Company primarily sells packaged food products to its customers. The Company s performance
obligation is satisfied when the goods have been delivered, which is at a point in time. The Company provides manufacturing services for
packaged food and other products. The Company s performance obligation is satisfied for services when the services are completed
or the related products have been delivered, which is at a point in time. The Company receives revenue from a licensing and royalty agreement
and the licensee incurs fees based on their sales to their customers, which occurs when the products are delivered. The Company s
performance obligation related to these agreements is satisfied at the point in time when the products are delivered. 

common shares were included in the diluted weighted average shares; however, notes convertible
into a maximum of and common shares, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of loss per common share as
the notes are anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, common shares outstanding totaled and , respectively. 

Leases 

 In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Under this new guidance, lessees (including lessees under leases classified as
finance leases, which are to be classified based on criteria similar to that applicable to capital leases under current guidance,
and leases classified as operating leases) will recognize a right-to-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet, initially
measured as the present value of lease payments under the lease. Under current guidance, operating leases are not recognized on the
balance sheet. However, the new guidance permits companies to make an accounting policy election not to apply the recognition
provisions of the new guidance to short term leases (leases with a lease term of 12 months or less that do not include an option to
purchase the underlying asset that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise). If this election is made, lease payments under
short term leases will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has adopted the new guidance
effective January 1, 2019: however, there was no impact to the financial statements. 

and ,
respectively. 

and , respectively is net of a reserve for the possible uncollectable portion of the tax credits totaling and ,
respectively. 

Transportation equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively. The estimated useful lives of fixed assets range from to years. 

TEO Inc. has agreed to maintain the license
through December 31, 2023 and accrue and accept payments due as funds are available. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid a total
of 370,117 towards the license. TEO Inc. has agreed to extend the start date to January 1, 2024 of the use/royalty and service fee of
5.5 of the Company's gross revenue for food sales processed using TEO's intellectual property is payable quarterly. The ongoing
licensing is maintained by meeting minimum annual use/royalty and service fees. The Company may pay for the difference between the actual
use and the minimum to maintain the license. The annual minimum is listed as follows: 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

As a result of TEO being the majority shareholder
of the Company and TEO's basis in the license being 0, the Company recorded a deemed dividend of million for the initial fee payable
to TEO. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the outstanding balance of the license fee payable was and , respectively.
For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company made payments toward the license of and , respectively. 

Effective April 1, 2020, the Company entered into
an agreement whereby it assigned half and licensed half of the Nerys Brand for cheese products in Mexico, along with certain production
equipment and facilities that the Company did not intend to transfer to its new facility for production, to a third party. In exchange,
the Company receives a portion of net revenue from all products sold, which includes bulk meats and other products, by the acquirer, a
royalty on all NERYS cheese products sold in Mexico of 0.01 per pound and will also receive five percent of the proceeds of any sale
of the related acquirer s business. 

The Company valued the royalty agreement at the book
value of the assets transferred of , which approximates the fair value and is recorded as an intangible asset on the consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. 

On June 7, 2022, the facility used by the licensee
was destroyed in a fire. The licensee has informed the Company that its insurance will not pay the loss and as a result is closing all
of its business operations. Pursuant to the agreement all rights to the NERYS cheese products sold in Mexico revert back to the Company
and it is evaluating the economic viability of resuming fulfillment of the retail placements in Mexico. 

As a result, during the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company has written off the value of the royalty agreement totaling ,
which is included within other income (expense) on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

In May 2022, the Company licensed the Nerys Brand
for products sold outside Mexico to an international distributor of a variety of meat, fish, cheese and other food products throughout
the USA, south and central America. In exchange it will receive a royalty on the NERYS branded products sold outside of Mexico and will
be the supplier of these branded products. 

in principal bearing interest at maturing on October 31, 2018. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the note was , respectively. 

Convertible Note Payable 

On June 28, 2018, the Company issued a note for .
The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average
bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate
lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . 

On February 4, 2019, the Company issued a note for
 . The note can be converted to common stock at per share or the 30-day average bid price of the Company's common shares,
as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate lower than 0.20 per share and converts automatically
upon certain conditions. The note bears no interest until September 30, 2019 and then bears interest, if not converted to common
stock. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . On December 20, 2020, the holder converted
 in principal of this note to common shares at per share. 

On May 5, 2021, the Company issued a note for .
The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average
bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate
lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . 

On June 1, 2021, the Company issued a note for .
The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average
bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate
lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . On December 20, 2021,
the holder converted in principal of this note to common shares at per share. 

On June 2, 2021, the Company issued a note for .
The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average
bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate
lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . 

On July 12, 2021, the Company issued a note for .
The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average
bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate
lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . 

On September 29, 2021, the Company issued a note for
 . The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day
average bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at
no rate lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . 

On November 24, 2021, the Company issued a note for
 . The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the
30-day average bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange,
but at no rate lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . 

On April 14, 2022, the Company issued a note for .
The note bears an interest rate, due at maturity. The note is convertible into common shares at a 20 discount to the 30-day average
bid price of the Company's common shares, as may be quoted on the OTCQB, OTCQX or listing on a national stock exchange, but at no rate
lower than 0.20 per share. This note was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to . 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was not a
quoted bid price available as the Company s shares were not listed on any exchanges. As the minimum conversion rate at the time
of issuance is greater than or equal to the current stock value based on other similar transactions, these notes are not deemed to have
an embedded derivative associated with them. 

The principal balance of convertible debt at December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to and , respectively. 

. 

The provision for Federal income tax consists of the
following December 31: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of
21 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating
loss carry forwards of approximately that may be offset against future taxable income. tax benefit has been reported in
the December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of
the same amount. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should
a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

ASC 740 provides guidance on the accounting for uncertainty
in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. ASC 740 requires a company to determine whether it is more likely
than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the technical merits of the position. If the more-likely-than-
not threshold is met, a company must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the financial statements. 

The Company includes interest and penalties arising
from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

and , respectively, and are included within accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheets.
Cash advances made by the CEO as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Master License Agreement 

On September 30, 2017, the Company entered into a
Master Agreement with TEO, the founder and majority controlling shareholder of the Company. See Note 7. 

per month gross with no additional common fees or other charges. The Company paid a total of in the year ended December
31, 2022 related to is leases of commercial units in Tijuana. 

The leases are short term in nature as the Company is not
certain to renew the leases. 

cash balances exceeded the federally insured limit. 

F- 16 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreement with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our
management, with the participation of our CEO and our CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation,
our CEO and our CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective
to ensure that information required to be disclosed is made known to management and others, as appropriate, to allow timely
decision regarding required disclosure and that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however,
that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our management evaluated the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework. Based on this evaluation, our management, with the participation of the CEO, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal
control over financial reporting was effective. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permits us to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31,
2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign
Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

16 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

The following persons are our executive officers and directors, and hold
the offices set forth opposite their names. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jeffrey Mackay 
 
 58 
 
 CEO, President and Director 
 
 John O'Keefe 
 
 73 
 
 CFO, Treasurer and Director 

The following is a brief account of the business
experience during the past five years of each of our directors and executive officers: 

Jeffrey Mackay - CEO, President and
Director 

 Jeffrey Mackay became our President and Director at
inception in 2012 and has had primary responsibilities for our operations and business. Since inception in 2005, he has also been the
CEO and a director of TEO Inc. Mackay is an inventor on several of the TEO patents and is majority shareholder of TEO Inc. 

Mr. Mackay has a diverse entrepreneurial and technical background, starting as a prototype machinist in what came to be Silicon Valley
and progressing to become a quality engineer for General Dynamics air defense systems division before transitioning to law. 

Mr. Mackay is an attorney licensed in California for
over 20 years with a practice in Corporate and Securities Law. He transitioned back to solo practice in 2020 due to devoting most of his
time to TEO Foods. He has been Of Counsel at Borton Petrini LLP beginning September 2018 and Of Counsel at the firm of Rowe Mullen LLP
beginning December 2014. Prior to 2014 he had a solo practice. 

His practice includes mergers, acquisitions, private
placements, registration statements, periodic and current reporting with the Securities and Exchange Commission, corporate governance
and other compliance matters. He has had significant experience working with boards, executive management, accountants and auditing firms. 

Mr. Mackay received his Juris Doctor at Thomas Jefferson
School of Law in 1997, with a Certificate in International Legal Process. 

John O'Keefe CFO, Treasurer and Director 

 John O'Keefe became our CFO, Treasurer and Director
in August 2018. He has also been the CFO, Treasurer and a director of TEO Inc. since 2006. 

He is a highly seasoned senior executive with primary
experience in all facets of the energy business. He is an accomplished veteran of running public companies in the US, Canada, and the
UK with experience in many parts of the world. O'Keefe sits on the boards of two private corporations. He has been the Managing partner
of O'Keefe Capital Partners LP since 2005 consisting of immediate family only. 

During his career, O'Keefe has played key roles in
 13.6 billion of mergers, acquisitions, divestments, spin offs, and stock buy backs. He also successfully accessed the capital markets,
working with operating and technical people at all levels to create shareholder value. He has played key roles in raising 4.3B of equity
and issued 4.2B of debt and convertibles in his career. 

O'Keefe was Executive VP and CFO of Fram Exploration
from 2011 to 2012, an early stage E P company seeking to go public on the Oslo Stock Exchange. He was able to make the necessary board,
corporate governance and financial reporting changes to get the Company qualified by the Norwegian securities authority. While there,
O'Keefe managed a 25 million public company acquisition, a 40 million drilling joint venture, and raised 14 million of new funds. 

O'Keefe was also a Partner in the Houston, Texas practice
of Tatum, LLC from 2010 to 2011. During his tenure, O'Keefe has operated as interim CFO for Lucas Energy, Inc. as well as providing
capital raising support to Rooster Petroleum LLC, both of which are independent oil and gas companies. He was able to raise 14 million
in equity and warrants for Lucas during the financial crisis. O'Keefe also led Blast Energy Services as President and CEO (2007-2009).
For the prior three years, O'Keefe served as Blast Co-CEO CFO where he raised 62 million in new funding and, jointly with the COO,
turned the company around. 

From 2000 to 2003, O'Keefe served as CFO of Ivanhoe
Energy, a dual listed public E P company in which he raised 90 million in new equity. Prior to 2000, he was VP of Investor Relations
 Corporate Communications with Santa Fe Snyder and Oryx Energy Companies, two upstream Texas based NYSE companies. He played a lead
role in merging the companies whereupon stockholders realized gains of 930 and 585 million respectively. 

O'Keefe had a 22-year career with Sun Oil and 7 years
with BP in the Refining, Marketing, and Upstream segments. He was sponsored by Sun to attend the PMD executive program at Harvard Business
School in 1985. He earned an honors degree in Business from Portsmouth University and qualified as a Chartered Accountant at the London
South Bank University while doing management training with BP. 

17 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters,
control persons, or nominees has been: 

the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Committees of the Board 

The Company does not currently have independent committees.
The Board currently acts in the roles of the various committees. As the Board is expanded to include independent members we expect to
form and adopt charters for independent committees. 

Code of Ethics 

As of the date of this report we have not adopted
a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller,
or persons performing similar functions. We expect to adopt a formal policy upon expanding the Board and executive management team. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. 

Compliance with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act 

Not Applicable 

Changes in Nominating Procedures 

None 

18 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The following table sets forth
information concerning the total compensation paid or accrued by us during the two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 to: 

all individuals who served as our chief executive officer, chief financial officer or acted in a similar capacity for us at any time during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

all individuals who served as executive officers of ours at any time during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and received annual compensation during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in excess of 100,000. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Position 
 
 Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Option Awards 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Jeffrey Mackay 
 Chief Executive Officer (1) 

2022 
 2021 

126,000 
 124,000 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

126,000 
 124,000 

John O Keefe 
 Chief Financial Officer (2) 

2022 
 2021 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

Note: The table above includes only the value of options
that vested during the periods indicated. The listed executives may have also received unvested options that may vest in a future period.
See Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End below. 

(1) Jeffrey Mackay became our President and Director
at inception in 2012. Not included in the chart above are 6,337,500 common shares received by TEO Inc. shareholders from TEO Inc. after
its conversion of preferred shares in March of 2018. 

(2) John O Keefe became our CFO, Treasurer and
Director in August 2018. Not included in the chart above are 370,000 common shares received by TEO Inc. shareholders from TEO Inc. after
its conversion of preferred shares in March of 2018. 

Employment Agreements and Benefits 

We do not currently provide any employee benefit or
retirement programs. Our officers salaries are determined by the Board of Directors. Officers and employees may receive bonuses
from time to time in the form of cash or equity at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors. 

We have no plans in place and have never maintained
any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement including,
but not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution
plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans. 

We have not entered into any employment agreements with our officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

The following table reflects options granted to our
executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Name 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options exercisable (#) 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options unexercisable (#) 
 Option exercise price ) 
 Option expiration date 
 
 Jeffrey Mackay 

John O Keefe 

Director Compensation 

 The Company currently has two Directors Jeffrey Mackay and John O'Keefe. 

We do not have any independent, non-executive directors.
We currently do not pay any cash remuneration for acting as a Director but expect to do so in the future as the Board is expanded. We
intend to reimburse Independent Directors for their expenses, if any, for attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors. 

19 

The following table sets forth compensation received by our directors in
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jeffrey Mackay (1) 

John O Keefe (2) 

(1) 
 This table includes only his compensation which was expressly for service as a director. Mr. Mackay did not receive any other compensation as an executive officer see the Summary Compensation Table above. 
 
 (2) 
 This table includes only his compensation which was expressly for service as a director. Mr. O Keefe did not receive any other compensation as an executive officer see the Summary Compensation Table above. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth, as of April 17, 2023
, the beneficial ownership of TEO Foods Inc. common stock by each of our directors and named executive officers, each person known to
us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock, and by the officers and directors of the Company as a group. Except as otherwise
indicated, all shares are owned directly. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the
table has sole voting and investment power (subject to applicable community property laws) and that person's address is c/o TEO Foods,
Inc., Blvd Insurgentes 1980, suite 4-B, Tijuana, BC 22225. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, convertible notes or preferred
stock currently exercisable or convertible or exercisable or convertible within 60 days after April 17, 2023 are deemed outstanding for
computing the share ownership and percentage of the person holding such options, warrants, or convertible notes but are not deemed outstanding
for computing the percentage of any other person. 

Shares 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Jeffrey H. Mackay (1) 

97,566,500 

92.9 

John O'Keefe (2) 

370,000 

Officers and Directors as a Group (2 persons) 

97,936,500 

92.9 

(1) 
 Includes 6,337,500 shares held directly and 1,000,000 shares held by his spouse. Also includes 90,229,000 shares of common stock that are issuable upon conversion of 9,022,900 preferred shares held by TEO Inc. which are included since he is able to control the voting of those shares. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes 300,000 shares held by O'Keefe Capital Partners, LLP 
 
 ) 
 Less than 1 . 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

In addition to the cash and equity compensation arrangements
of our directors and executive officers discussed above under Director Compensation and Executive Compensation, 
the following is a description of transactions since December 27, 2012 (inception), to which we have been a party in which the amount
involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000 and in which any of our directors, executive officers, beneficial holders of more than 5 of
our capital stock, or entities affiliated with them, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

There have not been any transactions meeting the criteria of the paragraph
above. 

Director Independence 

 Our Board of Directors presently consists of two members.
Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Mackay and Mr. O'Keefe are not independent, as defined by SEC rules adopted
pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although our stock is not listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market
at this time, we are required to determine the independence of our directors by reference to the rules of a national securities exchange.
In accordance with these requirements, we have determined that Jeffrey Mackay and John O'Keefe are not an independent director, 
as determined in accordance with Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Marketplace Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

Mr. Mackay and Mr. O'Keefe are executive officers of the Company, and therefore
are not independent directors. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and
Services. 

Audit Fees 

 The aggregate fees billed for each of the last two
fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the registrant's annual financial statements
and review of financial statements included in the registrant's Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were: 32,000,
and 24,000, respectively. 

20 

Audit-Related Fees 

 No aggregate fees were billed in either of the last
two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the
audit or review of the registrant's financial statements and are not reported under item (1) for the fiscal years ending December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees 

 No aggregate fees were billed for professional services
rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

All Other Fees 

 Other fees billed for professional services provided
by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above, for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and
 0. 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

 The Board acting as our Audit Committee has approved
the principal accountant's performance of services for the audit of the registrant's annual financial statements and review of financial
statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Audit-related fees, tax fees, and all other fees, if any,
are approved by the Board. 

Work Performed by Others 

 The percentage of hours expended on the principal
accountant's engagement to audit the registrant's financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed
by persons other than the principal accountant's full-time, permanent employees was less than 50 percent. 

21 

PART IV 

 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of TEO Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 

3.2 

Bylaws of TEO Foods, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 

10.1 

Master Agreement with TEO Inc. effective September 30, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 

10.2 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. We entered into respective agreements on this form with 1 purchaser in June 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 

10.2.1 

Form of Secure Convertible Note. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 

10.3 

Promissory Note July 31, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 from the registrant s registration statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on October 11, 2018) 

21 

List of Subsidiaries. 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350 

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 
 
 + 
 Each of these Exhibits constitutes a management contract, compensatory plan, or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10K Summary. 

None. 

22 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TEO Foods Inc. 

April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

Jeffery Mackay 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/John O Keefe 

John O Keefe 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

Jeffrey Mackay, Director, 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ John O'Keefe 

John O'Keefe, Director, 

Principal Accounting Officer 

23 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES 

BC TEO Foods S.A. De C.V. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jeffrey Mackay, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TEO Foods Inc. (the Registrant 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual
report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

 Jeffrey Mackay 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John O Keefe, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TEO Foods Inc. (the Registrant 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The
registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ John O Keefe 

 John O Keefe 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of TEO Foods Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey Mackay, interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Mackay 

 Jeffrey Mackay 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report of TEO Foods Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John O Keefe, Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

April 17, 2023 

/s/ John O Keefe 

 John O Keefe 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 teof-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 teof-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 teof-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 teof-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

