<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230412_10-K_edgar_data_1471781_0001731122-23-000637.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8733191</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>432699</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1338689</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2938329</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1716288</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2093073</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000637.hdr.sgml : 20230412
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230412082141
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000637
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230412
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230412

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GBT Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001471781
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				270603137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54530
		FILM NUMBER:		23814678

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 BROADWAY SUITE F125
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-238-4589

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 BROADWAY SUITE F125
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gopher Protocol Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Forex International Trading Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090908

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000637.txt : 20230412

10-K
 1
 e4542_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 

(Former name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 
 I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization 
 
 Identification Number 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

Issuer s telephone number: - 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act: None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act: Common Stock, 0.00001 par value per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.) No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will be contained, to the best of the registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of accelerated
filer, large accelerated filer or smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller Reporting Company

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the market value of our common
stock held by non-affiliates was approximately which is computed based upon the closing price on that date of the Common Stock
of the registrant on the OTC PINK maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. of 0.0024. For purposes of this response, the registrant has
assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5 or more of its Common Stock are deemed affiliates of the registrant. 

As of April 12, 2023, 
shares of common stock, .00001 par value per share, of the registrant were outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference: None 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

INDEX 

Page

PART I 
 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 28 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 28 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 28 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 31 

PART II 
 
 32 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 32 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 35 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 35 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 58 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 58 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 58 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 59 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 60 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICATIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 60 
 
 PART III 
 
 60 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 60 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 64 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 65 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 66 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 70 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 71 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 73 

SIGNATURES 
 74 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

i 

STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In this annual report, references to GBT ,
 GOPH , GTCH or the Company, or we, or us, and our refer
to GBT Technologies Inc. or f/k/a Gopher Protocol Inc. Except for the historical information contained herein, some of the statements
in this report contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are found in the sections entitled
 Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. They include statements concerning: our business strategy; expectations
of market and customer response; liquidity and capital expenditures; future sources of revenues; expansion of our proposed product line;
and trends in industry activity generally. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as may, 
 will, should, expect, plan, could, anticipate, intend, 
 believe, estimate, predict, potential, goal, or continue 
or similar terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including,
but not limited to, the risks outlined under Risk Factors, that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For example, assumptions that could cause actual results to vary materially from
future results include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully develop and market our products to customers; our ability to
generate customer demand for our products in our target markets; the development of our target markets and market opportunities; our ability
to manufacture suitable products at a competitive cost; market pricing for our products and for competing products; the extent of increasing
competition; technological developments in our target markets and the development of alternate, competing technologies in them; and sales
of shares by existing shareholders. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Unless we are required to do so under U.S. federal
securities laws or other applicable laws, we do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 

Below
is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address
all of the risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor summary,
as well as other risks and uncertainties that we face, can be found under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The below summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties.
You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as part of your evaluation of an investment in our securities. 

We have a limited operating
 history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will
 not be successful. 

Our limited operating history
 makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. 

The COVID-19 outbreak caused
 disruptions in our development operations, which have resulted in delays in existing projects and may have additional negative impacts
 on our operations. 

Our results of operations
 have not resulted in profitability and we may not be able to achieve profitability going forward. 

We have not generated positive
 cash flow from operations and our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. If we are unable to generate positive cash
 flow or obtain sufficient capital when needed, our business and future prospects will be adversely affected and we could be forced
 to suspend or discontinue operations. 

We will require additional
 capital to support business growth and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

We depend upon key personnel
 and need additional personnel. 

Our business requires substantial
 capital and if we are unable to maintain adequate cash flows from operations our profitability and financial condition will suffer
 and jeopardize our ability to continue operations. 

There is currently a limited
 public market for our common stock. Failure to further develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect the value of
 our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your stock. 

If we fail to maintain
 an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
 current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading
 price of our stock. 

Because we are quoted on
 the OTC PINK marketplace instead of a national securities exchange, our investors may experience significant volatility in the market
 price of our stock and have difficulty selling their shares. 

Our stock price and trading
 volume may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

We have not paid dividends
 in the past and have no immediate plans to pay cash dividends. 

Shares eligible for future
 sale may adversely affect the market for our Common Stock. 

You may experience future
 dilution as a result of future equity offerings. 

Our charter documents and
 Nevada law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

There are limitations on
 director/officer liability. 

Penny stock regulations
 may impose certain restrictions on marketability of our securities. 

FINRA sales practice requirements
 may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

1 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 

GBT Technologies Inc. (formally
known as Gopher Protocol Inc., the Company , GBT , Gopher , Gopher Protocol GOPH 
or GTCH was incorporated on July 22, 2009 under the laws of the State of Nevada. GBT is targeting growing markets such
as development of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) enabled networking and tracking technologies, including wireless
mesh network technology platform and fixed solutions, development of an intelligent human body vitals device, asset-tracking IoT, and
wireless mesh networks. Effective August 5, 2019, the Company changed its name from Gopher Protocol Inc. to GBT Technologies Inc. The
Company derived revenues from the provision of IT consulting services. The Company derived revenues from (i) the provision of IT
consulting or licensing services; and (ii) from selling electronic products through e-commerce platforms like Amazon and eBay. 

GBT Tokenize Joint Venture
(totally Impaired in 2021) 

On March 6, 2020, the Company
through Greenwich, entered into a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize-It,
S.A. Tokenize ), which is owned by a Costa Rica Trust represented by Pablo Gonzalez Gonzalez ). Gonzalez also
represents Gonzalez Costa Rica Trust, which holds a note in the principal amount of 10,000,000 and is also a shareholder of the Company.
Under the Tokenize Agreement, the parties formed GBT Tokenize Corp., a Nevada corporation GBT Tokenize ). The purpose of
GBT Tokenize is to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies,
tracking, radio technologies, AI core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business
process outsourcing development services, customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated
inbound and outbound calls solutions, as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ),
throughout the State of California. Upon generating any revenue from the Technology Portfolio, the Joint Venture will earn the first right
of refusal for other territories. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Tokenize
to secure its Technology Portfolio investment. The Company shall appoint two directors and Tokenize shall appoint one director of GBT
Tokenize. Tokenize shall contribute the services and resources for the development of the Technology Portfolio to GBT Tokenize. The Company
shall contribute 2,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to GBT Tokenize. Tokenize and the Company
will each own 50 of GBT Tokenize. The shares were valued at 5,500,000. In addition, GBT Tokenize and Gonzalez entered into a Consulting
Agreement in which Gonzalez is engaged to provide services for 33,333 per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common
stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP. Gonzalez will provide services in connection with the
development of the business as well as GBT Tokenize s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement was two years.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of 424,731 to Stanley Hills in a private transaction
that the Company is not part to. The closing of the Tokenize Agreement occurred on March 9, 2020. Through this Joint Venture the parties
commenced development of an intelligent human vital signs device, which we currently refer to as the qTerm. The platform is an
expansion of the existing license agreement with GBT Tokenize Corp., which provided GBT Tokenize Corp. with an exclusive territory of
California to develop certain of the Company s technology. As the nature of the platform cannot be restricted only to California,
the Company s joint venture GBT Tokenize Corp. will be compensated with additional two hundred million shares of the Company to
strengthen its funding, subject to board approval. A provisional patent application for the qTerm Medical Device was filed on March 30,
2020 with the USPTO. The application has been assigned serial number 63001564. The Joint Venture completed successfully the first prototype.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in researching, developing or implementing this product into the market. In
order to successfully implement this concept, the Company will need to raise adequate capital to support its research and, if successfully
researched, developed and granted regulatory approval, the Company would need to enter into a strategic relationship with a third party
that has experience in manufacturing, selling and distributing this product. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful
in any or all of these critical steps. On May 28, 2021, the parties agreed to amend the Tokenize Agreement to expand territory granted
for the Technology Portfolio under the license to GBT Tokenize to include the entire continental United States. The Company has further
agreed to issue GBT Tokenize an additional 14,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The shares were valued at 15,400,000. At
March 31, 2020, the Company evaluated the carrying amount of this joint venture investment and determined it was fully impaired and recorded
an impairment charge of 5,500,000 was taken. At December 31, 2021, the Company evaluated the carrying amount of this joint venture investment
and determined that this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment charge of 15,400,000. Although the investment was
impaired, the product development is still ongoing. The carrying amount of this investment December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 0 and 0,
respectively. 

2 

Magic Agreement 

As explained above, on April
11, 2022 the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ),
entered into a Master Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Magic International
Argentina FC, S.L. Magic and Tokenize which replaced a prior joint venture entered between the parties. 

The purpose of Tokenize is
to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking,
radio technologies, AI core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process
outsourcing development services, customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound
and outbound calls solutions, as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ),
throughout the world, which Technology Portfolio was previously licensed to the Company for the State of California. 

The Tokenize Agreement
provides that the Company shall contribute 150,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to Tokenize.
Sergio Fridman is the manager of Magic and the beneficial owner of all outstanding securities of Magic. Magic will contribute cash
of 250,000 into Tokenize for a promissory note and agreed to further fund Tokenize with all funds reasonably needed for implementation
of the business purposes as described in the Tokenize Agreement. The GBT Shares will not be transferable for a period of five years. 

Magic and the Company each
own 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Tokenize. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in Tokenize and its 100 ownership
of Greenwich (the Pledged Securities to Magic for providing that Magic may take possession of such Pledged Securities in
the event the Company executes, delivers and performs any future agreement or document or judgement resulting in the creation of any lien,
pledge, mortgage, claim, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company. The Company shall appoint two directors and Magic shall
appoint one director of Tokenize. 

3 

On June 16, 2022 the parties amended the Tokenize
Agreement to further define the constitution of the Board of Directors. As such, Section 4.2 of the Tokenize Agreement was amended and
restated to provide that the Board of GBT Tokenize Corp. shall consist of two Directors, one of whom shall be appointed by GBT Tokenize
Corp. and the other shall be appointed by the Company. 

MetAlert (prior name GTX Corp) 

On April 12, 2022, GBT Tokenize Corp GBT Tokenize ),
a Nevada corporation which the Company owns 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock, entered into a series of agreements with GTX
Corp GTX and various note holders of GTX pursuant to which Tokenize acquire convertible promissory notes of GTX of 100,000
(the GTX Notes ). In addition, GBT Tokenize acquired 76,923 (GBT acquired 5,000,000 in the original deal, where GTX to perform
a corporate action of 1:65 reverse split on September 20, 2022) shares of common stock of GTX for 150,000 - in total FV of 12,538 as
of December 31, 2022 based on level 1 stock price in OTC markets. 

The GTX Notes bear 10 interest and 50 of the principal
may be converted into shares of common stock on a one-time basis at a conversion price of 0.01 per share. The remaining 50 of the principal
must be paid in cash. The closing occurred on April 12, 2022. 

GTX changed its name into MetAlert Inc. on or about
September 20, 2022. 

On September 30, 2022, GBT Tokenize, loaned
MetAlert Inc., a Nevada corporation (f/k/a GTX Corp.) MetAlert 90,000. For such loan, MetAlert provided Tokenize
with a promissory note of 90,000 which is due and payable together with interest of 5 upon the earlier of September 19, 2023
or when declared by Tokenize. 

MetAlert designs, manufactures and sells various interrelated
and complementary products and services in the wearable technology and IoMT (Internet of Medical Things) marketplace. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the notes had an
outstanding balance of 190,000 and 0 respectively and accrued interest of 8,475 and 0 respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the marketable security
had a FV of 12,538 and 0, respectively. 

Revenue Sharing Agreement Variable Interest
Entity (VIE) 

On February 18, 2022, the Company, effective March
1, 2022 entered into a Revenue Sharing Agreement RSA with Mahaser LTD. Mahaser pursuant to which the Company
acquired the opportunity to share in revenues generated by Mahaser with respect to e-commerce sales through the online retail platform
in the United States of America. Mahaser owns an e-commerce platform as a store which is the legal, exclusive owner of Ravenholm Electronics.
The Company will operate the e-commerce platform and will be entitled to 95 for all revenue generated by and received by Mahaser for
the period from March 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The RSA provides that the Company will be entitled to appoint a manager to Mahaser.
As consideration, the Company will pay Mahaser 100,000 no later than March 1, 2022 and issue Mahaser 1,000,000 shares of the Company s
restricted common stock. The Company shall have no obligations to make any further payments to Mahaser. For any further extensions, the
Company will have the option to extend the RSA for annual payment of 200,000, which can be payable with the Company s shares of
common stock payable based on 20 days VWAP prior to issuance. On March 16, 2022 the parties entered into Amendment No. 1 to the to the
RSA, where all consideration to be paid or issued to Mahaser will be deferred until such time where the e-commerce platform generated
in cumulative revenue of 1,000,000. On March 31, 2022, the parties entered into Amendment No. 2 to the RSA, where Mahaser agreed to pay
the Company 100 per year for all revenue generated by and received by seller from the sales by Amazon within the United States of America
as follows for the period from March 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The Company will be responsible for 100 of the cost of goods
sold as well. In addition, the Company is entitled to earn 100 revenues and cost of goods sold of the test run period from February 1,
2022 to February 28, 2022. 

4 

Wireless mesh networking 

Wireless mesh networks consist of LAN/MAN/WAN solutions
that are infrastructural-intensive, may rely on regulated frequencies and bandwidth, often have so-called last mile problems
areas where either economics or population density make it too expensive for current solutions to cover, and difficult to manage centrally.
The Company s GopherInsight platform makes it easy to add and manage last mile capacity. The solution is easily integrated into
existing networks. The Company s AI platform is designed for easy integration with, and management of, additional coverage for customer
networks. 

Wireless mesh networking markets 

The Company potentially will target telecommunications
providers, corporate entities that run LAN or wide-area networks, universities, and government entities. 

Wireless mesh networking markets competition 

The competitors for wireless mesh networking solutions,
and AI solutions, are the entities themselves that have their own capability. The Company s strategy is to integrate and wrap
around those solutions to make them more efficient, less costly, and less infrastructural-intensive, while at the same time solving
last mile problems to the end user. 

Prepaid services - completely disposed of in 2020
 and Final Litigation Settlement in 2022 

On September 1, 2017, the Company entered into an
Asset Purchase Agreement with a third party, RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC, a Georgia corporation. The Company entered into this Asset Purchase
Agreement to acquire terminals in approximately 9,400 locations by which, and at which, the Company planned to deploy its IoT/asset tracking
technology. The operations consist primarily of the sale of phones and phone card products, including PINS for cell minutes, SIM cards
for cell minutes, as well as gift cards and prepaid long-distance cards. The Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, UGopherServices
Corp. UGopherServices ), to operate the acquired assets. The assets acquired in the purchase consisted of racks that contain
9-12 items per rack that are displayed in retail locations, mainly convenience stores; and payment terminals at those same points of sale. 

On March 16, 2018, the Company entered into and closed
an asset purchase agreement dated March 1, 2018 with ECS Prepaid, LLC ECS ), a Missouri limited liability company, pursuant
to which the Company purchased certain assets from ECS, including, but not limited to, the processing prepaid platform, servers, POS terminals,
customer list, a processing software program and goodwill, 1,100,000 of which 100,000 was paid on the Closing Date and the balance is
to be paid pursuant to a secured promissory note of 1,000,000. In addition, the Company issued 500,000 shares of common stock of the
Company and warrants to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock that are exercisable for a period of five years at a fixed exercise price
of 1.85 per share. The note is secured by the assets acquired by the Company from ECS and the Company is required to make ten equal principal
payments of 100,000 commencing on April 15, 2018. The Company may prepay the note at any time without penalty. 

On April 2, 2018, the Company entered into and closed
an asset purchase agreement with Electronic Check Services, Inc. Electronic Check ), a Missouri corporation, pursuant to
which the Company purchased certain assets from Electronic Check, including, but not limited to, assets associated with software that
validates written check authenticity. The purchase price was 75,000 in cash, and the Company issued 250,000 shares of common stock of
the Company and warrants to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock that are exercisable for five years at 2.70 per share. 

5 

On April 2, 2018, the Company entered into and closed
an asset purchase agreement with Central State Legal Services, Inc. CSLS ), a Missouri corporation, pursuant to which the
Company purchased certain assets from CSLS, including, but not limited to, assets associated with a system to recover funds from returned
checks, for 25,000 in cash. The Company entered into these asset purchase agreements to acquire the software needed to process transactions
for its prepaid business, and to acquire additional terminal locations by which the Company will deploy its technology. On a combined
basis, there are approximately 9,400 points of sale as a result of acquiring certain assets from both RWJ Advanced Marketing LLC and ECS.
altcOn or around November 10, 2017, UGopherServices experienced a suspension of operations on the terminals that the Company acquired
in its acquisition on September 1, 2017 from RWJ Advanced Marketing LLC. Management of the Company believes that this shutdown came as
a result of the decision of Paypal Holdings Inc. Paypal decision to suspend operations of TIO Networks TIO ),
and appears to have affected all of TIO s customers. TIO was acquired by Paypal in or around July 2017. Prior to the suspension,
the Company received no notice from TIO, or from RWJ Advanced Marketing LLC, which sold the assets to UGopherServices, that the suspension
would be taking place. Although the Company worked diligently to contain the fallout from the suspension of operations by TIO, the vast
majority of the customers that were acquired as part of the transaction defected as a result. The subsequent acquisition of ECS was done
partly to stem the customer defections, as many of the customers of UgopherServices sought the services of ECS. In doing so, the Company
got many, though not all, of the customers back. 

The Company
entered into the Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release RJW Agreement by and between RWJ Advanced Marketing,
LLC, Robert Warren Jackson, Gregory Bauer (collectively the RJW Parties and W.L. Petrey Wholesale Company, Inc., Petrey on one hand; and GBT Technologies Inc., on behalf of itself and its agents (collectively the GBT Parties ), on the other hand. The
Company the RJW Agreement effective September 26, 2022 with final signatures delivered to the Company on or about October 5, 2022. Pursuant
to the RJW Agreement, the parties have agreed to settle, release, and otherwise resolve all known or unknown claims between them and agreed
to jointly stipulate, move, or otherwise dismiss the lawsuits filed in the United States District Court of Nevada (Case No. 2:20-cv- 02078),
in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, Central District (Case Nos. 19STCV03320 and 20STCV32709), and
in the United States District Court of the Central District of California (Case No. 2:20-cv-09399-RGK-AGR) with prejudice. The parties
agreed and stipulated to release all funds currently being held in a blocked account of 19,809 with 50 distributed to the RWJ Parties
and 50 distributed the Company or its assignee. The Parties also entered into the InComm Assignment Agreement IAA which
assigned, transferred and conveyed all proceeds derived from the RWJ Parties agreements with Interactive Communications International,
Inc., and its affiliate Hi Technology Corp., including but not limited to that Master Distribution and Service Agreement between Interactive
Communications International, Inc. and Petrey d/b/a UGO-HUB dated August 29, 2016, as amended (collectively referred to as the InComm
Proceeds ), and which shall divide the InComm Proceeds 90 to the Company or its assignee and 10 to the RWJ Parties or their assignee.
Finally, the Company agreed to pay 40,000 to the RWJ Parties or their assignee. The Company accrued 49,847 expenses represent
the final amounts due to the RJW Parties. 

6 

On September 30, 2019, the Company entered into
an Asset Purchase Agreement with Surge Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation SURG pursuant to which the Company agreed
to sell and assign to SURG all the assets and certain specified liabilities of its ECS Prepaid, Electronic Check and the CSLS businesses
for 5,000,000 to be paid through the issuance of 3,333,333 shares of SURG s common stock and a convertible promissory note in favor
of the Company for 4,000,000. The 3,333,333 shares of SURG s common stock have been pledged to a third party for providing working
capital needs of the Company. The convertible promissory note was issued to AltCorp Trading, LLC a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
On January 7, 2022, the Company received payments from Surgepays Inc. (formerly known as Surge Holdings, Inc.) in total of 3,750,000
pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement dated December 22, 2021. 

On September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a
Purchase and Sale Agreement with Mr. LightHouse LTD . , an Israeli corporation MLH pursuant to which the Company
agreed to sell and assign to MLH, effective July 1, 2020 all the shares, and certain specified liabilities, of Ugopherservices Corp. UGO ),
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for 100,000 to be paid through the delivery of a promissory note payable to the Company (the
 Note ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in the Note. There is no material relationship
between the Company, on one hand, and MLH, on the other hand. At December 31, 2020, the Company
determined that this note receivable was not collectible and took an impairment charge of 100,000. During July 2021, MLH effected a 50,000
payment on the Note. During April 2022, MLH effected a second payment for additional 50,000 on the Note exhausting the Note balance. 

On March 8, 2020, SURG filed a lawsuit against its
transfer agent, Vstock with respect to the transfer of SURG common stock that is currently in possession of the Company and assigned to
Stanley Hills, LLC. On January 1, 2021, SURG, AltCorp and Stanley Hills, LLC Stanley entered into a Mutual Release and
Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, SURG agreed to amend the
AltCorp Exchange Agreement where SURG acknowledged a debt of 3,300,000 (the Debt to be paid in 33 monthly payments of
 100,000 payable in shares of common stock of SURG at a per share price equal the volume weighted average price of Surg s common
stock during the 10 trading days immediately preceding the issuance. The Company paid 650,000 in cash and the remaining by shares. The
SURG common stock issued to Altcorp was pledged since August 12, 2020 for the benefit of Stanley to secure Stanley s note payable
by the Company. Accordingly, the SURG Common Stock issued to AltCorp as a result of the Settlement Agreement were pledged to Stanley.
As of December 31, 2021 there were no surge shares pledges after the final settlement signed on December 22, 2021 and that replaced all
prior settlement agreement. The final settlement SURG agreed to make total payments of 4,200,000 to the Company on or prior to January
7, 2022. This 4.2 million amount consists of 450,000 paid by SURG in November and December 2021, 100,000 to be paid on or about January
4, 2022, and 3,650,000 to be paid on or prior to January 7, 2022 of which 375,000 will be held in escrow as described before. The 3,750,000
was recorded as other receivable as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company recorded an outstanding payable to Stanley of 927,136 and 1,862,928, respectively, recorded under accrued expenses. 

7 

Subsequently, SURG was a party to two lawsuits in,
the Eighth Judicial District Court for Clark County, Nevada involving AltCorp, Stanley and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (the AltCorp
Parties. ). Each of these lawsuits were disputes relating to the total consideration SURG was to pay the Company under the APA. 

On October 18, 2021, the AltCorp Parties, the Company,
and SURG entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the MOU to set up a framework for an attempt to settle the two lawsuits. 

On December 22, 2021 (the Effective Date ),
pursuant to the framework in the MOU, the AltCorp Parties (and an additional third party), the Company, ECS, and SURG, Kevin Brian Cox
(SURG s Chief Executive Officer) - in his individual capacity, entered into a Resolution of Purchase, Mutual Release, and Settlement
Agreement (the Final Settlement Agreement to settle the two lawsuits and resolve all disputes related to the consideration
paid by SURG to the Company in connection with the APA. 

The Final Settlement Agreement, among other resolutions,
provides the following: 

(i) 
 From the total consideration
 of the Final Settlement Agreement, of 375,000 Escrow Amount will be deposited by SURG in escrow. SURG has acquired
 the Company s rights to a certain Master Distribution and Service Agreement MDA ). Under certain circumstances,
 if the result of the Company s lawsuit against a third party (the GBT Lawsuit is a monetary judgment without
 the assignment or legal decree of ownership of the MDA, the Company shall be entitled to receive the Escrow Amount and shall assign
 to SURG the first 1,000,000 the Company recovers from the defendants in the GBT Lawsuit. In the event that the Company does not
 prevail in the GBT Lawsuit then it shall be entitled to release of the Escrow Amount but shall be responsible for any fees and costs
 obligation sought by the defendants in the GBT Lawsuit. 

(ii) 
 SURG agreed to make total
 payments of 4,200,000 to Stanley on or prior to January 7, 2022. This 4.2 million consists of 450,000 paid to the Company in November
 and December 2021, 100,000 to be paid on or about January 4, 2022, and 3,650,000 to be paid on or prior to January 7, 2022 of which
 375,000 will be held in escrow as described before. The final settlement SURG agreed to make total payments of 4,200,000 to the
 Company s trust account on or prior to January 7, 2022. The 3,750,000 was recorded as other receivable as of December
 31, 2021. The entire of 3,750,000 was paid in January 2022. 

(iii) 
 Potential
 payments to third parties. 
 
 The
 Final Settlement Agreement replaces all prior agreements between the parties. In addition, within three trading days of the last
 payment related to the 4.2 million payment to Stanley being made, the parties shall make filings with the state District Court in
 Clark County, Nevada to dismiss both lawsuits, including, regarding the lawsuit filed by AltCorp Trading, LLC, the dismissal of the
 lawsuit as to VStock Transfer, LLC. The parties agreed to a full mutual release of any disputes or claims between the parties. 
 
 The
 final settlement of 3,750,000 was received by the Company in 2022 and paid out 3,750,000 to the third parties in 2022. 
 
 As the Company committed to assign certain revenue share agreement to SURG as part of the Company s
settlement with RWJ Agreement, on October 5, 2022 and as cumulation of all settlement agreements the Company issued a request to
the SURG regarding release of certain escrow funds and the execution of an assignment of rights as contemplated in the afore referenced
agreement (See Footnote 18 Contingencies). 

8 

UGO, ECS Prepaid, Electronic Check Services and the
Central State Legal Services businesses have been presented as discontinued operations on the accompanying financial statements. 

GBT Technologies, S.A. GBT (fully impaired in 2019) 

On June 17, 2019, the Company,
AltCorp Trading LLC, a Costa Rica company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company AltCorp ), GBT Technologies, S.A.,
a Costa Rica company GBT-CR and Pablo Gonzalez, a shareholder s representative of GBT-CR Gonzalez ),
entered into and closed an Exchange Agreement (the GBT Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the parties exchanged certain
securities. In accordance with the Exchange Agreement, AltCorp acquired 625,000 shares of GBT-CR representing 25 of its issued
and outstanding shares of common stock from Gonzalez for the issuance of 20,000 shares of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock
of the Company and a Convertible Note of 10,000,000 issued by the Company (the Gopher Convertible Note as well as
the transfer and assignment of a Promissory Note payable by Gopher Protocol Costa Rica Sociedad De Responsabilidad Limitada to the
Company of 5,000,000 dated February 6, 2019 (of which the underlying security for this Promissory Note is 30,000,000 restricted shares
of common stock of Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. Mobiquity and 60,000,000 restricted shares of common stock of Mobiquity. 

The Gopher Convertible
Note bears interest of 6 and is payable at maturity on December 31, 2021. At the election of Gonzalez, the Gopher Convertible
Note can be converted into a maximum of 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible,
at the option of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such number of shares
of common stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per share) by the conversion price 500 per
share). The Series H Preferred Stock has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the holder of Series H Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of common stock that the Series H Preferred Stock may be convertible into. Upon
conversion of the Gopher Convertible Note and the 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock, Gonzalez would be entitled to less
than 50 of the resulting outstanding shares of common stock of the Company following conversion in full and, as a result, such
transaction is not considered a change of control. 

On May 19, 2021, the
Company, entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment of Note Balance Principal and Accrued
Interest (the Gonzalez Agreement with third party, GBT-CR, IGOR 1 Corp and Gonzalez Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement,
without any party admission of liability and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT Convertible Note
maturity date to December 31,2022, (ii) amend the GBT Convertible Note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 
and a modified conversion feature to the GBT Convertible Note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period
ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT Convertible
Note by Gonzalez to a third party. As a result of the change in terms of this convertible
note, the Company took a charge related to the modification of debt of 13,777,480 during
the year ended December 31, 2021. This convertible note is recorded as derivative liability because of the discounted price on
conversion. 

GBT-CR is in the business of the strategic management
of BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) digital communications processing for enterprises and startups, distributed ledger technology development,
AI development and fintech software development and applications. 

The Company accounted for its investment in GBT-CR
using the equity method of accounting; however, in 2020, the Company owned less than 20 after GBT-CR issued additional shares to other
investors therefore exercised no control over GBT-CR; therefore, this investment is currently accounted for under the cost method. Moreover,
on March 19, 2020, California Governor Gavin Newsom issued a stay-at-home order to protect the health and well-being of all Californians
and to establish consistency across the state in order to slow the spread of COVID-19. California was therefore under strict quarantine
control and travel has been severely restricted, resulting in disruptions to work, communications, and access to files (due to limited
access to facilities). The stay-at-home order was lifted in California only on January 25, 2021. As such, the Company was unable to access
or to contact GBT-CR on an on-going basis, and cannot get information about GBT-CR. 

Joint Ventures 

GBT Tokenize-It, S.A (Fully Impaired in 2021) 

On March 6, 2020, the Company through its wholly owned
subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ), entered into a Joint Venture and Territorial
License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize-It, S.A. Tokenize ), which is owned by a Costa Rica
Trust represented by Pablo Gonzalez Gonzalez ). Gonzalez also represents Gonzalez Costa Rica Trust, which holds a note of
 10,000,000 and is also a shareholder of the Company. Under the Tokenize Agreement, the parties formed GBT Tokenize Corp., a Nevada corporation GBT Tokenize ). The purpose of GBT Tokenize is to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary technologies
including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking, radio technologies, AI core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games,
data storage, networking, IT services, business process outsourcing development services, customer service, technical support and quality
assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound and outbound calls solutions, as well as digital communications processing
for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ), throughout the State of California. Upon generating any revenue from
the Technology Portfolio, the Joint Venture will earn the first right of refusal for other territories. 

9 

The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize
and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Tokenize to secure its Technology Portfolio investment. The Company shall appoint two directors
and Tokenize shall appoint one director of GBT Tokenize. 

Tokenize shall contribute the services and resources
for the development of the Technology Portfolio to GBT Tokenize. The Company shall contribute 2,000,000 shares of common stock of the
Company GBT Shares to GBT Tokenize. Tokenize and the Company will each own 50 of GBT Tokenize. The shares were valued
at 5,500,000. 

In addition, GBT Tokenize and Gonzalez entered into
a Consulting Agreement in which Gonzalez is engaged to provide services of 33,333 per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares
of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP. Gonzalez will provide services in connection
with the development of the business as well as GBT Tokenize s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement is
two years. During year ended December 31, 2022, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of 424,731 to Stanley Hills in a private transaction
that the Company is not part to. The closing of the Tokenize Agreement occurred on March 9, 2020. 

Through this Joint Venture
the parties commenced development of an intelligent human vital signs device, which we currently refer to as the qTerm. The platform
is an expansion of the existing license agreement with GBT Tokenize Corp., which provided GBT Tokenize Corp. with an exclusive territory
of California to develop certain of the Company s technology. As the nature of the platform cannot be restricted only to California,
the Company s joint venture GBT Tokenize Corp. will be compensated with additional two hundred million shares of the Company to
strengthen its funding, subject to board approval. A provisional patent application for the qTerm Medical Device was filed on March 30,
2020 with the USPTO. The application has been assigned serial number 63001564. The Joint Venture completed successfully the first
prototype. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in researching, developing or implementing this product into the
market. In order to successfully implement this concept, the Company will need to raise adequate capital to support its research and,
if successfully researched, developed and granted regulatory approval, the Company would need to enter into a strategic relationship with
a third party that has experience in manufacturing, selling and distributing this product. There is no guarantee the Company will be successful
in any or all of these critical steps. 

10 

At March 31, 2020, the Company
evaluated the carrying amount of this joint venture investment and determined this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment
charge of 5,500,000 was taken. At September 30, 2021, the Company evaluated the carrying amount of this joint venture investment and
determined this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment charge of 15,400,000 was taken. 

Although the investment was
impaired, the product development is still ongoing. The carrying amount of this investment at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 0 and 0,
respectively. 

On May 28, 2021, the parties agreed to amend the Tokenize
Agreement to expand territory granted for the Technology Portfolio under the license to GBT Tokenize to include the entire continental
United States. The Company has further agreed to issue GBT Tokenize an additional 14,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The
shares were valued at 15,400,000. 

On September 30, 2021 Tokenize, in an agreement that
the Company is not a party to, irrevocably assigned all its rights in GBT Tokenize, including all its rights per the Tokenize Agreement,
The Gonzalez Consulting agreement and the pledge agreement, to the benefit of Magic International Argentina FC, S.L a third party Magic ).
On June 30, 2021 Magic irrevocably assigned to Stanley Hills, LLC its credit balance accrued until June 30,2021 per the consulting agreement 

GBT Bitspeed Corp (Fully Impaired in 2019) 

On October 10, 2019, the Company entered into a Joint
Venture Agreement (the BitSpeed Agreement with BitSpeed LLC, which is owned by Douglas Davis, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, to form GBT BitSpeed Corp., a Nevada company GBT BitSpeed ). The purpose of GBT BitSpeed is to develop,
maintain and support its proprietary Extreme Transfer Software Application Concurrency, a software application to transfer secure, accelerated
transmission of large file data over networks, and connection to cloud storage, Network-Attached Storage (NAS) and Storage Area Networks
(SANs) Concurrency ). BitSpeed shall contribute the services and resources for the development of Concurrency to GBT BitSpeed.
The Company shall contribute 10,000,000 shares of common stock (valued at 17,900,000) of the Company to GBT BitSpeed. BitSpeed and the
Company will each own 50 of GBT BitSpeed. The Company shall appoint two directors and BitSpeed shall appoint one director of GBT BitSpeed.
In addition, GBT BitSpeed and Mr. Davis entered into a Consulting Agreement in which Mr. Davis is engaged to provide services for 10,000
per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 20-day
VWAP. Mr. Davis will provide services in connection with the development of the business as well as GBT BitSpeed s capital raising
efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement was two years. The closing of the BitSpeed Agreement occurred on October 14, 2019. On April
11, 2020, Douglas Davis resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company so that he may fully devote all of his efforts to GBT Tokenize
Corp., the Company s joint venture, which intends to develop a new product. Mr. Davis resignation was not the result of any
disagreements with management or board of directors of the Company. On June 16, 2022 the parties amended the Bitspeed Agreement to further
define the constitution of the Board of Directors. As such, Section 4.2 of the Bitspeed Agreement was amended and restated to provide
that the Board of GBT Bitspeed Corp. shall consist of two Directors, one of whom shall be appointed by Bitspeed LLC and the other shall
be appointed by the Company. 

11 

Latinex (contra-equity account) 

On January 8, 2019,
the Company entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement with Latin American Exchange Latinex Casa de Cambio, S.A., a Costa Rica corporation Latinex ), to provide that Latinex may maintain its required regulatory capital as required by various regulators.
The Company has pledged 4,006 restricted shares of its common stock valued at 7,610,147 (based on the closing price
on the grant date) for three years on an annual payment of 375,000 paid in quarterly installments of 93,750. In lieu of cash
payment, Latinex may pay the Company in virtual currency of WISE Network S.A. valued at a 50 discount of its offering price of
 10 per token. If Latinex s required capital has decreased below 5,000,000, Latinex is permitted to sell the pledged shares
of common stock only in an amount to ensure that Latinex can satisfy the required capital levels. The Company must consent to such
sale of the shares of common stock, which may not be unreasonably withheld. Upon expiration of the agreement, the remaining shares
of common stock shall be returned to the Company free and clear of all liens. The Company has recorded the value of these shares
of common stock as a stock loan receivable which is presented as a contra-equity account in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. At December 31, 2019, the Company wrote off the accrued interest income as Latinex did not perform any payment and the
Company has no mean to enforce this payment. Latinex agreed in principle to return the pledged 4,006 restricted shares to the Company
for cancellation. The 4,006 restricted shares have not yet been returned to the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Regulatory 

GBT Tokenize seeks approval filing for its qTerm device
with the United Stated Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The FDA classifies medical devices from Class 1 3, each
of which must be subjected to robust evaluations and reviews to comply with manufacturing quality control (QC) standards. The FDA regulates
the marketing/sale of medical device products in the U.S. and monitors the safety of all regulated medical products. FDA Section 201(h)
of the Food, Drug Cosmetic Act (FD C Act) defines a device as: an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant,
in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, including a component part or accessory which is recognized in the official National
Formulary, or the United States Pharmacopoeia, or any supplement to them, intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions,
or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease in man or other animals, or intended to affect the structure or any function
of the body of man or other animals. GBT Tokenize engaged M Squared Associates (M2) to assist with developing the FDA premarket strategy
for its qTerm device. The process of filing for FDA clearance involves development of a sound regulatory strategy for pathway to market,
including required preclinical and performance testing, software verification and validation activities and ensuring user needs are met.
In addition, GBT/tokenize will partner with M2 to finalize technical design documentation, device labeling claims and intended use. Other
aspects that will be evaluated include manufacturing processes, usability / human factors and the development of valid scientific evidence.
The company will work with M2 to develop a detailed description of the device s software and algorithm training requirements, including
design specifications. qTerm computer program will be reviewed for its control functions and other required performance testing plans
and criteria according to FDA guidance documentation. Even though not required by law, there is no guarantee that the Company will be
successful in obtaining any regulatory approval. In order to successfully implement this concept, the Company will need to raise adequate
capital to support its compliance research and, if successfully researched, developed and granted regulatory approval, the Company would
need to enter into a strategic relationship with a third party that has experience in manufacturing, selling and distributing this product.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in any or all of these critical steps. 

The Company seeks to conduct business with the US
government agencies and hired a consulting firm for general guidance with the GSA (General Services Administration) application process.
GSA approval status describes an organization that have been approved to sell to the US Government through the U.S. General Services Administration
(GSA). The GSA is an independent agency of the United States Government that was established in 1949 to help manage, approve, and facilitate
government contracts, products, bids and verify that product and services properly sourced under the US Government guidelines. The GSA
is the purchasing department of the US Government and lists contracts or schedules potential vendors that can bid on to get government
business. To become eligible to bid on a GSA schedule, it is required to complete several important steps, among them are registering
in the government s SAM (System for Award Management), and providing previous customer contact information as a means for the GSA
to perform a past performance evaluation. More information can be found on GSA web site at: https://www.gsa.gov. The Company applied and
received their extension notice for SAM registration #832011626/91FW3 until May 2023. The active status makes GBT eligible to potentially
contract business with US government contractors and sub-contractors, local cities or receive federal funds. SAM (www.sam.gov) is a central
registration system for government contractors and suppliers. To remain eligible to do business with the federal government, an entity
must renew its registration with SAM every year. 

12 

Intellectual Property 

To date, the Company, has filed for different patents
covering certain fields of its technologies, as well as trademarks. These patents and trademarks, as well as various websites and social
media platforms, comprise the Company s intellectual properties. On February 27, 2020 GBT Technologies, S.A., as successor in interest
to Hermes Roll, LLC had notified the Company that it was in default on its Amended and Restated Territorial License Agreement ARTLA dated June 15, 2015 and that the ARTLA had been cancelled and rescinded. 

On January 31, 2020, in the arbitration titled GBT
Technologies Inc. (k/n/a Gopher Protocol, Inc. v. Discover Growth Fund, LLC Discover (JAMS Ref. No. 1260005395), the Company
was informed that a final award was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms that certain sections of the Senior
Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture (the Debenture constitute unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and
were stricken. Further, it was determined that neither Discover nor John Kirkland, President and General Partner of Discover, were entitled
to recovery of their attorney s fees. Consequently, and consistent with the expectations of the Company, the arbitrator awarded
Discover 4,034,444 plus interest of 7.25 accrued from May 15, 2019 and costs of 55,613.00. On February 18, 2020, the Company filed
a motion with the United States District Court District of Nevada (the Nevada Court to confirm the Final Award and a motion
to consolidate Discover s application to confirm the Final Award filed in the U.S. District Court of the Virgin Islands (Case No:
3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM) (the Virgin Island Court ). On February 27, 2020, the Nevada Court denied the Company s motion
to confirm the Final Award and motion to consolidate and further decided that the confirmation of the Final Award should be litigated
in the Virgin Island Court. As such, on February 27, 2020, the Company filed a Notice of Entry of Order as well as a Motion to Confirm
the Arbitration Award; Address the Outstanding issue regarding whether Discover s rights are subordinated to other creditors and,
thereafter, oversee a commercially reasonable foreclosure sale (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM). It was the Company s position that
the Final Award must first be confirmed and all questions regarding the rights of Discover relative to those of other creditors must be
determined before any foreclosure sale can proceed. It was further the position of the Company that the previously disclosed foreclosure
sale scheduled by Discover is being conducted in a commercially unreasonable manner and that if Discover proceeded forward with the foreclosure
sale it did so at its own risk. Nevertheless, on February 28, 2020, Discover advised that it conducted a sale of the Company s assets.
As the date of this report Investor failed to present a deed of sale for the alleged sale that allegedly took place as noticed. The Company
filed with Virgin Island Court the motions disputing the validity of the alleged sale. On July 28, 2020, Investor filed in the State of
Nevada a motion for attorneys 48,844 and costs 716. The Company filed an answer on August 11, 2020. On October 16, 2020, Investor
motion for attorneys 48,844 and costs 716 was denied. This case is still pending with the Federal court and the Court has
not taken any substantive action in the matter as of the date of this report. 

13 

On March 6, 2020, the Company
through its newly acquired wholly owned subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ),
entered into a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize-It, S.A. Tokenize to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking,
radio technologies, AI core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process
outsourcing development services, customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound
and outbound calls solutions, as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ).
Via this Joint Venture the parties commenced development of a development of an intelligent human vital signs device, suggested
named qTerm. The Joint Venture completed successfully the first prototype. 

The following chart represent
the Company Intellectual Properties Status: 

GBT Intellectual Property Status Chart 

Patents 

Title 
 App.
 No. 
 Country 
 Filing
 Date 
 Status
 / Deadline 
 Patent
 No. 
 Issue
 Date 
 
 System
 and method for scheduling trucking service, according to demand, at the customer s or any other location using smartphone application
 and/or internet web site 
 62/124,320 
 US 
 December
 15, 2014 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for scheduling categorized delivery and/or service, according to demand, to customer s location based on smartphone
 and web site software application 
 62/176,933 
 US 
 March
 3, 2015 
 Expired
 and Converted to Electronic Circuit Non-provisional and PCT 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for finding possible bartering partners in both two-party and multi-party scenarios via smartphone/mobile device application 
 14/545,577 
 US 
 May
 26, 2015 
 Abandoned 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for scheduling gasoline or diesel fill, according to demanding, at the customer s location 
 62/231,405 
 US 
 July
 6, 2015 
 Expired
 and Converted to Electronic Circuit Non-provisional and PCT 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Electronic
 circuit or microchip with a secured BIOS system, with ROM and RAM memory, working with smartphone software application and 
 62/282,593 
 US 
 August
 6, 2015 
 Expired
 and Converted to Electronic Circuit Non-provisional and PCT 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for power saving/reduction within integrated circuits 
 62/282,808 
 US 
 August
 13, 2015 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for overseeing and monitoring user s computerized activity to define privacy level 
 62/283,915 
 US 
 September
 16, 2015 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System,
 method and computer program for remote disablement and enablement of mobile devices 
 62/284,353 
 US 
 September
 28, 2015 
 Expired
 and Converted to Electronic Circuit Non-provisional and PCT 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System,
 method and computer program for real time emergency communication, beacon, location identification and tracking for mobile devices 
 62/284,458 
 US 
 October
 1, 2015 
 Expired
 and Converted to Electronic Circuit Non-provisional and PCT 
 N/A 
 N/A 

14 

System,
 method and a computer program for automatic and motion activity detection, activation or deactivation airplane mode for mobile devices 
 62/284,744 
 US 
 October
 8, 2015 
 Expired
 and Converted to Electronic Circuit Non-provisional and PCT 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Monolithic
 multi-dimensional integrated circuits (iCs) on both sides of electronic board including utilization of all package s planes 
 62/284,880 
 US 
 October
 13, 2015 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System,
 method and software for mobile database manage and sharing over private, secured network, in real time 
 62/284,884 
 US 
 October
 13, 2015 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Method,
 system and computer software for advertisement using symbols as characters interface 
 62/285,055 
 US 
 October
 19, 2015 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Monolithic,
 multi-dimensional, multi-plane, memory structure for integrated circuits 
 62/285,443 
 US 
 October
 30, 2015 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Automatic,
 characterized and prioritized consolidation of different credit cards into one card method, point of sale, smartphone applications
 and computer software 
 62/285,996 
 US 
 November
 26, 2015 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Electronic
 circuit within a sticky patch package for global tracking that is working with mobile software application and other electronic circuits
 on a separate, secured, private network 
 62/387,789 
 US 
 January
 6, 2016 
 Expired
 and Converted to Tracking Devices Non-provisional and PCT 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 ELECTRONIC
 CIRCUITS FOR SECURE COMMUNICATIONS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 15/015,441 
 US 
 February
 4, 2016 
 Granted 
 U.S.
 Patent No. 10,521,614 
 December
 31, 2019 
 
 ELECTRONIC
 CIRCUITS FOR SECURE COMMUNICATIONS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 PCT/US2016/016522 
 PCT 
 February
 4, 2016 
 Expired
 and Entered National Phase in Europe 
 N/A 
 N/A 

15 

SYSTEM
 AND METHOD FOR POWER SAVING/REDUCTION WITH INTEGRATED CIRCUITS 
 62/360,525 
 US 
 July
 11, 2016 
 Expired
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for elimination of electromigration and self-heat violations during construction of a mask layout block, maintaining process
 design rules and layout connectivity 
 62/494,199 
 US 
 August
 1, 2016 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 ELECTRONIC
 CIRCUITS FOR SECURE COMMUNICATIONS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 16759244.3 
 EP 
 September
 29, 2017 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 TRACKING
 DEVICES, SYSTEMS AND METHODS USING PATCH PACKAGES WITH EMBEDDED ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS 
 15/344,619 
 US 
 November
 7, 2016 
 Granted 
 10,021,522 
 July
 10, 2018 
 
 TRACKING
 DEVICES, SYSTEMS AND METHODS USING PATCH PACKAGES WITH EMBEDDED ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS 
 PCT/US16/060763 
 PCT 
 November
 7, 2016 
 Expired
 and Entered National Phase in Europe 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 TRACKING
 DEVICES, SYSTEMS AND METHODS USING PATCH PACKAGES WITH EMBEDDED ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS 
 16884138.5 
 EP 
 July
 3, 2018 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 TRACKING
 DEVICES, SYSTEMS AND METHODS USING PATCH PACKAGES WITH EMBEDDED ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS 
 16/028,449 
 US 
 July
 6, 2018 
 Granted 
 10,616,715 
 April
 7, 2020 
 
 GOPHER
 RADIO TOKEN 
 62/631,007 
 US 
 February
 15, 2018 
 Pending
 and Converted to GRT Non-provisional 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHOD OF CONVERTING ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSIONS INTO DIGITAL CURRENCY 
 16/008,069 
 US 
 June
 14, 2018 
 Abandoned 
 N/A 
 N/A 

16 

SYSTEMS
 AND METHOD OF CONVERTING ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSIONS INTO DIGITAL CURRENCY 
 PCT/US19/16728 
 PCT 
 February
 6, 2019 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System,
 method and software application for mobile database management and sharing over private, secured network, in real time 
 62/676,393 
 US 
 May
 25, 2018 
 Pending
 and Converted to Mobile Database Sharing Non-provisional 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF MOBILE DATABASE MANAGEMENT AND SHARING 
 16/155,093 
 US 
 October
 9, 2018 
 Granted 
 10,853,327 
 December
 1, 2020 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF MOBILE DATABASE MANAGEMENT AND SHARING 
 17/104,001 
 US 
 November
 25, 2020 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 MONOLITHIC,
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL, MULTI-PLANE, MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS 
 62/732,026 
 US 
 September
 17, 2018 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 MONOLITHIC
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL INTEGRATED CIRCUITS (ICS) ON BOTH SIDES OF ELECTRONIC BOARD INCLUDING UTILIZATION OF ALL PACKAGE S PLANES 
 62/732,023 
 US 
 September
 17, 2018 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL
 INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 16/292,388 
 US 
 March
 5, 2019 
 Granted
 
 10,854,763 
 December
 1, 2020 
 
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL
 INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 17/102,928 
 US 
 November
 24, 2020 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL
 INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 PCT/US19/50266 
 PCT 
 September
 10, 2019 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL
 INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 19862631.9 
 EP 
 March
 16, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 

17 

MULTI-DIMENSIONAL
 INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 10-2021-7008024 
 KR 
 March
 17, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 GuardianLIFE
 Medical Device 
 63/001,564 
 US 
 March
 30, 2020 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 PROXIMITY
 ALERT FOR USE WITH A PUSH-BUTTON VITAL SIGNS MONITORING SYSTEM 
 63/012,205 
 US 
 April
 19, 2020 
 Expired 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 PUSH-BUTTON
 AND TOUCH-ACTIVATED VITAL SIGNS MONITORING DEVICES AND METHODS OF MAPPING DISEASE HOT SPOTS AND PROVIDING PROXIMITY ALERTS 
 16/983,289 
 US 
 August
 3, 2020 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Automatic,
 characterized and prioritized consolidation of different credit cards into one card method, point of sale, smartphone applications
 and computer software 
 63175564 
 US 
 April
 16, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Method,
 system and computer software for advertisement, using symbols as characters interface 
 63177669 
 US 
 April
 21, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS FOR ELIMINATING ELECTROMIGRATION AND SELF-HEAT VIOLATIONS IN A MASK LAYOUT BLOCK 
 17315747 
 US 
 May
 10, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for automatic correction of geometrical design rule violations in integrated circuit mask layout data, maintaining its
 electrical connectivity (LVS), reliability (RV) and design for manufacturing (DFM) structural correctness 
 63197635 
 US 
 June
 7, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 REAL-TIME
 MOVEMENT, POSITION DETECTION, AND IMAGING USING WIRELESS TECHNOLOGY AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE 
 63211573 
 US 
 June
 17, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS FOR IDENTIFICATION AND ELIMINATION OF GEOMETRICAL DESIGN RULE VIOLATIONS OF A MASK LAYOUT BLOCK 
 17391292 
 US 
 August
 2, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 

18 

SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF REAL-TIME MOVEMENT, POSITION DETECTION, AND IMAGING 
 17471213 
 US 
 September
 10, 2021 
 Allowed 
 11,302,032 
 April
 12, 2022 
 
 System
 and method for automatic correction of electrical connectivity mismatches of a mask layout block, maintaining the process design
 rules (DRC Clean), connectivity (LVS Clean) correctness, obeying Reliability Verification (RV) and DFM (Design formanufacturability)
 constraints 
 63248550 
 US 
 September
 27, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 System
 and method for Automatic Generation of Integrated Circuits IP (Intellectual property) Layout Blocks 
 63249150 
 US 
 September
 28, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Artificial
 Intelligence Controlled, SKIP ZONE FREE, HF Radio Communication System and Method 
 63257199 
 US 
 October
 19, 2021 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 CREDIT CARDS, AUTOMATED BILLING SYSTEMS, AND FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES FOR IMPROVED CREDIT CARD ACCOUNT OPERATIONS 
 17584427 
 US 
 January
 26, 2022 
 Pending
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF WIRELESS COMMUNICATION USING ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TO OVERCOME SKIP ZONES 
 17686461 
 US 
 March
 4, 2022 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF REAL-TIME MOVEMENT, POSITION DETECTION, AND IMAGING 
 17694384 
 US 
 March
 14, 2022 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF IMPROVED ADVERTISING USING SYMBOLS AS CHARACTER INTERFACE 
 17723658 
 US 
 April
 19, 2022 
 Pending
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF WIRELESS COMMUNICATION USING ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TO OVERCOME SKIP ZONES 
 17736114 
 US 
 May
 4, 2022 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL
 INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 17876981 
 US 
 July
 29, 2022 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Multi-Planar,
 IC Prediction System 
 63393959 
 US 
 July
 31, 2022 
 Pending
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF ELIMINATING CONNECTIVITY MISMATCHES IN A MASK LAYOUT BLOCK 
 17880055 
 US 
 August
 3, 2022 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF AUTOMATIC GENERATION OF INTEGRATED CIRCUIT IP BLOCKS 
 17953378 
 
 September
 27, 2022 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF PREDICTIVE MANUFACTURING OF THREE-DIMENSIONAL, MULTI-PLANAR SEMICONDUCTORS 
 18098140 
 US 
 January
 18, 2023 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 MULTI-DIMENSIONAL
 PHOTONIC INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND MEMORY STRUCTURE FOR PHOTONIC INTEGRATED CIRCUITS AND ASSOCIATED SYSTEMS AND METHODS 
 18109291 
 US 
 February
 14, 2023 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 SYSTEMS
 AND METHODS OF ELIMINATING CONNECTIVITY MISMATCHES IN A MASK LAYOUT BLOCK 
 18110644 
 US 
 February
 16, 2023 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 N/A 

19 

Trademarks 

Mark
 
 App.
 No. 
 Country 
 Filing
 Date 
 Status
 / Deadline 
 Goods/Services/Classes 
 Reg.
 No. / Reg. Date 
 
 GOPHERINSIDE 
 86/681,308 
 US 
 July
 1, 2015 
 Abandoned 
 Microchips,
 in Class 9 
 N/A 
 
 GOPHERINSIGHT 
 86/737,146 
 US 
 August
 26, 2015 
 Abandoned 
 Chip
 carriers, etc., in Class 9 
 N/A 
 
 FRIENDINME 
 86/755,543 
 US 
 September
 14, 2015 
 Abandoned 
 Software
 from mobile phones, etc., in Class 9 
 N/A 
 
 GOPHERNET 
 86/811,422 
 US 
 November
 5, 2015 
 Abandoned 
 Communications
 software for connecting microchips, etc., in Class 9 
 N/A 
 
 GOPHERANTITHEFT 
 86/855,191 
 US 
 December
 21, 2015 
 Abandoned 
 Microchips,
 in Class 9 
 N/A 
 
 GOPHERSKYNET 
 86/858,936 
 US 
 December
 28, 2015 
 Abandoned 
 Microchips,
 in Class 9 
 N/A 
 
 PUZPIX 
 87/12,1137 
 US 
 July
 29, 2016 
 Registered 
 Game
 software, etc., in Class 9 
 5,356,006
 / December 12, 2017 
 
 GOPH
 GOPHER PROTOCOL (and Design) 
 87/927,131 
 US 
 May
 18, 2018 
 Abandoned 
 Software
 for mobile phones, microchips, etc., in Class 9 
 N/A 
 
 G-MONEY 
 88/132,574 
 US 
 September
 26, 2018 
 Abandoned 
 Providing
 digital currency or digital token, in Class 36 
 N/A 
 
 G-CASH 
 88/132,592 
 US 
 September
 26, 2018 
 Abandoned 
 Providing
 digital currency or digital token, in Class 36 
 N/A 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 4 full time employees and 1 part time employees.
We also utilize outside consultants and contractors as needed. 

Clients and Customers 

Sales for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 were 1,152,555 and 0. The Consulting income from related party for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 45,000
and 180,000. Sales are derived from providing IT consulting services to a related party and sales from amazon and Ebay. 

20 

On February 18, 2022, the Company, effective
March 1, 2022 entered into RSA with Mahaser LTD. MAHASER pursuant to which the Company acquired the opportunity
to share in revenues generated by MAHASER with respect to e-commerce sales through the world biggest online retail platform in
the United States of America. MAHASER owns an e-commerce platform as a store which is the legal, exclusive owner of Ravenholm Electronics.
The Company will operate the e-commerce platform and will be entitled to 95 for all revenue generated by and received by MAHASER
for the from March 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The RSA provides the Company will be entitled to appoint a manager to MAHASER.
As consideration, the Company will pay MAHASER 100,000 on March 1, 2022 and issue MAHASER 1,000,000 shares of the Company s
restricted common stock. The Company shall have no obligations to make any further payments to MAHASER. For any further extensions,
the Company will have the option to extend the RSA for annual payment of 200,000, which can be payable with the Company s
shares of common stock payable based on 20 days VWAP prior to issuance On March 16, 2022 the parties entered into Amendment
No. 1 to the to the RSA, where all consideration to be paid or issued to MAHASER will be deferred until such time where the e-commerce
platform generated in cumulative revenue of 1,000,000. On March 31, 2022, the parties entered into Amendment No. 2 to the RSA,
where Mahaser agreed to pay the Company 100 per year for all revenue generated by and received by seller from the sales by Amazon
within the United States of America as follows from March 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The Company will be responsible for
100 of the cost of goods sold as well. In addition, the Company is entitled to earn 100 revenues and cost of goods sold of the
test run period from February 1, 2022 to February 28, 2022. 

On May 17, 2022, Mahaser LLC Assignee entered into an assignment and assumption of lease agreement by and between 2819 Coldwater LLC Assignor ), Sunset Place
Holdings LLC Lessor and Yossi Attia Guarantor ). Pursuant to the agreement, Lessor agreed to lease to Assignor
certain Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease Gross agreement dated February 7, 2022 (the Lease and
expiring on January 31, 2024, which premises commonly known as 8265 Sunset Boulevard, Suite #107, West Hollywood, CA 90046. The base rent
payment shall equal 4,100 per month and share of common area operating expense shall equal 200 per month. Guarantor has guaranteed payment
of Assignor s obligations under the Lease and Assignor assigned all of its right, title and interest in the Lease to Assignee and
Assignee assumed Assignor s obligations under the Lease. 

On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into
an Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement with Touchpoint Group Holdings, Inc. Touchpoint or TGHI pursuant to which the Company granted TGHI a worldwide license for its technologies for five years in the domains of Internet of
Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies pertaining to the Company s digital currency technology
(the Technology ). GBT will charge TGHI royalties based on actual uses by TGHI of the Technology resulting from revenue
attributable to the use, performance or other exploitation of the Technology, to the extent applicable, after deducting any taxes
that the Company may be required to collect, and deducting any international sales, goods and services, value added taxes or similar
taxes which the Company is required to pay, if any, excluding deductions for taxes on the Company net income. TGHI agreed to issue
the Company 10,000,000 shares of common stock of TGHI in the FV of 50,000 as a onetime fee for the Company entering this Intellectual
Property License and Royalty Agreement, which was booked contract liabilities and amortized over the five-year term. The Company
has yet to earn any royalty income in relation to this agreement as of December 31, 2022. The contract liabilities as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was 41,444 and 0, respectively. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, the Company is not
required to include the disclosure under this Item 1A. Risk Factors. Despite the fact that we are not required to provide risk factors,
we consider the following factors to be risks to our continued growth and development: 

21 

WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY IN AN EVOLVING
INDUSTRY, WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE PROSPECTS AND MAY INCREASE THE RISK THAT WE WILL NOT BE SUCCESSFUL. 

We have a limited operating history in an evolving
industry that may not develop as expected. Assessing our business and future prospects is challenging in light of the risks and difficulties
we may encounter. These risks and difficulties include our ability to: 

accurately forecast our
 revenues and plan our operating expenses; 

successfully expand our
 business; 

assimilate our acquisitions; 

adapt to rapidly evolving
 trends in the ways consumers and businesses interact with technology; 

avoid interruptions or
 disruptions in the offering of our products and our services; 

develop a scalable, high-performance
 technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment of new features and
 products; 

hire, integrate and retain
 talented sales, customer service, technology and other personnel; and 

effectively manage rapid
 growth in personnel and operations; and 

global COVID-19 pandemic 

If the demand for our services and/or platforms/products
offered or our products under development are not finalized, our business will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these
risks and difficulties, which could harm our business and results of operations. 

OUR LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY MAKES IT DIFFICULT
FOR US TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE BUSINESS PROSPECTS AND MAKE DECISIONS BASED ON THOSE ESTIMATES OF OUR FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

We have a limited operating history and, as a
consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Reliance on the historical
results may not be representative of the results we will achieve. Because of the uncertainties related to our limited historical operations,
we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary
decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or continue to incur losses. 

22 

THE COVID-19 OUTBREAK HAS CAUSED DISRUPTIONS IN OUR DEVELOPMENT
OPERATIONS, WHICH HAVE RESULTED IN DELAYS ON EXISTING PROJECTS AND MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL NEGATIVE IMPACTS ON OUR OPERATIONS 

The Company operates in a high-tech marketplace and
relies on professionals and partnerships all over the world, which is impacted by the global pandemic, causing the Company s resources
to be affected. Our business operations have been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by the coronavirus disease
COVID-19. 

An outbreak of respiratory illness caused by COVID-19
emerged in Wuhan city, Hubei province, PRC, in late 2019 and expanded globally. COVID-19 is considered to be highly contagious and poses
a serious public health threat. 

On March 19, 2020, California Governor Gavin Newsom
issued a stay-at-home order to protect the health and well-being of all Californians and to establish consistency across the state in
order to slow the spread of COVID-19. California was therefore under strict quarantine control and travel has been severely restricted,
resulting in disruptions to work, communications, and access to files (due to limited access to facilities). Since then, other measures
have been imposed in other countries and major cities in the USA, including Los Angeles, and throughout the world in an effort to contain
the COVID-19 outbreak. The World Health Organization (the WHO is closely monitoring and evaluating the situation. On March
11, 2020, the WHO declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic, expanding its assessment of the threat beyond the global health emergency
it had announced in January. Any outbreak of such epidemic illness or other adverse public health developments in the USA or elsewhere
in the world may materially and adversely affect the global economy, our markets and our business. The stay-at-home order was lifted in
California on January 25, 2021, and as such we were able to relocate our virtual offices space and resume normal operations. 

In the first quarter of 2020,
the COVID-19 outbreak caused disruptions in our development operations, which resulted in delays on exiting projects. The State of California
and the economy in general has begun to slowly re-open following the introduction of the COVID-19 vaccine. During the fourth quarter of
2021, the omicron variants surfaced and has significantly impacted the United States and globally. However, in the event COVID-19, the
omicron variant or other variant is to worsen or again surface any further unforeseen delay in our operations of the development, delivery
and assembly process within any of our activities could continue to result in, increased costs and reduced revenue. 

We cannot foresee whether
the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants will continue to be effectively contained. If the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively and
timely controlled, our business operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected as a result of the deteriorating
market outlook for sales, the slowdown in regional and national economic growth, weakened liquidity and financial condition of our customers
and vendors or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors and other factors beyond our control could have an adverse effect
on the overall business environment, cause uncertainties, cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict and materially and
adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAVE NOT RESULTED IN
PROFITABILITY AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACHIEVE PROFITABILITY GOING FORWARD 

The Company does not accrue or capitalize development
costs (or any costs to this effect) and expense it to its profit and loss statements as required by US GAAP. As such, the Company incurred
a net income of 5,323,856 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and net loss of 33,930,433 for the year ended December 31, 2021. If we
incur additional significant operating losses, our stock price, may decline, perhaps significantly. Our management is developing plans
to alleviate the negative trends and conditions described above. Our business plan is speculative and unproven. There is no assurance
that we will be successful in executing our business plan or that even if we successfully implement our business plan, that we will be
able to curtail our losses now or in the future. Further, as we are an emerging enterprise, we expect that net losses will continue, and
our working capital deficiency will increase. 

23 

WE HAVE NOT GENERATED POSITIVE CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS,
AND OUR ABILITY TO GENERATE POSITIVE CASH FLOW IS UNCERTAIN. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO GENERATE POSITIVE CASH FLOW OR OBTAIN SUFFICIENT CAPITAL
WHEN NEEDED, OUR BUSINESS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND WE COULD BE FORCED TO SUSPEND OR DISCONTINUE OPERATIONS. 

Our operations have not generated positive cash flow
for any period since our inception, and we have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of common stock and short-term and
long-term debt and convertible debt. Our limited operating history makes an evaluation of our future prospects difficult. The actual amount
of funds that we will need to meet our operating needs will be determined by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control.
These factors include the timing and volume of sales transactions, the success of our marketing strategy, market acceptance of our products,
the success of our manufacturing and research and development efforts (including any unanticipated delays), our manufacturing and labor
costs, the costs associated with obtaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, regulatory changes, competition, technological
developments in the market, evolving industry standards and the amount of working capital investments we are required to make. 

Our ability to continue to operate until we are able
to generate sufficient our cash flow from operations will depend on our ability to generate sufficient positive cash flow from our operations.
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from our operations, our business and future prospects will be adversely affected and
we could be forced to suspend or discontinue operations. 

The Company sustained net income of 5,323,856 and
our operating activities used in cash flows of 138,293 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had a working capital deficit
of 18,522,046, stockholders deficit of 18,830,909 and an accumulated deficit of 299,257,917 at December 31, 2022. 

WE WILL REQUIRE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO SUPPORT BUSINESS
GROWTH, AND THIS CAPITAL MIGHT NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS, IF AT ALL. 

We intend to continue to make investments to support
our business growth and we will require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features
and products or enhance our existing products, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies.
Further, we need additional capital to continue operations. Accordingly, we need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional
funds. We expect that we have sufficient capital to maintain operations through the year of 2023. In order to fully implement our business
plan, we will need to raise about 10,000,000 If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities,
our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and
privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive
covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for
us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional
financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us
when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and
our business may be harmed. 

On December 17, 2021
(the Effective Date ), the Company entered into an equity financing agreement (the Equity Financing
Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments LLC GHS ), pursuant to which GHS may purchase from the Company, up to that number of shares of common stock of the Company
(the Shares for 10,000,000, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement
from time to time over the course of 24 months after an effective registration of the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, is declared effective by the SEC (the Contract Period ).
The Equity Financing Agreement grants the Company the right, from time to time at its sole discretion (subject to certain conditions)
during the Contract Period, to direct GHS to purchase shares of Common Stock on any business day (a Put ), provided
that at least ten trading days has passed since the most recent Put. The purchase price of the shares of Common Stock contained
in a Put will be 90 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company s Common Stock during the ten
consecutive trading days preceding the receipt by GHS of the applicable Put notice. Such sales of Common Stock by the Company,
if any, may occur from time to time, at the Company s option, during the Contract Period. Subject to the satisfaction of
certain conditions set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement, on each Put the Company will deliver a number of Shares equaling
110 of the dollar amount of each Put. The maximum dollar amount of each Put will not exceed 200 of the average daily trading
dollar volume for the Company s Common Stock during the 10 trading days preceding the Trading Day that GHS receives a Put.
No Put will be made in an amount equaling less than 10,000 or greater than 500,000. Puts are further limited to GHS owning no
more than 4.99 of the outstanding stock of the Company at any given time. The Equity Financing Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement contain customary representations, obligations, rights, warranties, agreements and conditions of the parties.
The Equity Financing Agreement terminates upon any of the following events: when GHS has purchased 10,000,000 in the Common Stock
of the Company pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement; on the date that is 24 calendar months from the date the Equity Financing
Agreement was executed. Actual sales of shares of Common Stock to GHS under the Equity Financing Agreement will depend on a variety
of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of
the Common Stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding for the Company and its operations.
On January 12, 2022, the Company filed registration statement for the sale of 5,500,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the
Equity Financing Agreement, which was declared effective on February 11, 2022. The Company issued 463,303 shares with net
proceeds of 66,942 from the Equity Financing Agreement in February 2022. 

For year ended December 31,
2022, the Company received 231,867 as proceeds from the equity purchase agreement for issuance of 5,500,000 registered common shares.
Post this issuance The Equity Financing Agreement is exhausted and not valid anymore. 

24 

WE DEPEND UPON KEY PERSONNEL AND NEED ADDITIONAL
PERSONNEL 

Our success depends on our inability to attract and
retain key personnel including Michael Murray, our President, Mansour Khatib, our CEO, and Dr. Danny Rittman, our CTO, and our inability
to do so may materially and adversely affect our business operations. The loss of qualified personnel could have a material and adverse
effect on our business operations. Additionally, the success of the Company s operations will largely depend upon its ability to
successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management personnel. As with any company with limited resources, there
can be no guaranty that the Company will be able to attract such individuals or that the presence of such individuals will necessarily
translate into profitability for the Company. 

OUR BUSINESS REQUIRES SUBSTANTIAL CAPITAL, AND
IF WE ARE UNABLE TO MAINTAIN ADEQUATE CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATIONS OUR PROFITABILITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WILL SUFFER AND JEOPARDIZE
OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE OPERATIONS 

We require substantial capital to support our operations.
If we are unable to generate adequate cash flows from our operations, maintain adequate financing or other sources of capital are not
available, we could be forced to suspend, curtail or reduce our operations, which could harm our revenues, profitability, financial condition
and business prospects. 

THERE IS CURRENTLY A LIMITED PUBLIC MARKET FOR
OUR COMMON STOCK. FAILURE TO FURTHER DEVELOP OR MAINTAIN A TRADING MARKET COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT THE VALUE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND MAKE
IT DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO SELL YOUR STOCK. 

There is a limited public market for our Common Stock,
which is traded on the OTC PINK under the symbol GTCH. We cannot give any assurances that there will ever be a mature, developed market
for our common stock. Failure to further develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our shares
and make it difficult for you to sell your shares or recover any part of your investment in us. Even if a market for our common stock
does develop in a material way, the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. In addition to the uncertainties relating
to our future operating performance and the profitability of our operations, factors such as variations in our interim financial results,
or various, as yet unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our
common stock. 

IF WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN
AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACCURATELY REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS OR PREVENT FRAUD. AS A RESULT,
CURRENT AND POTENTIAL STOCKHOLDERS COULD LOSE CONFIDENCE IN OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING, WHICH WOULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND THE TRADING PRICE
OF OUR STOCK. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports
or prevent fraud, our brand and operating results could be harmed. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas
of our internal controls that need improvement. For example, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the lack of resources and the reliance on outside consultants. We intend to increase
management s review of our financials. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties
encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior
internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect
on the trading price of our stock. 

Additional Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Because we are quoted on the OTC PINK marketplace
instead of a national securities exchange, our investors may experience significant volatility in the market price of our stock and have
difficulty selling their shares. 

Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC Market
Group s OTC PINK marketplace under the ticker symbol GTCH . The OTC is a regulated quotation service that displays
real-time quotes and last sale prices in over-the-counter securities. Trading in shares quoted on the OTC PINK is often thin and characterized
by volatility. This volatility may be caused by a variety of factors, including the lack of readily available price quotations, the absence
of consistent administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations, lower trading volume and market conditions. As a result, there may
be wide fluctuations in the market price of the shares of our Common Stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance, and this volatility,
when it occurs, may have a negative effect on the market price for our securities. Moreover, the OTC PINK is not a stock exchange, and
trading of securities on this platform is more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a national quotation system or stock
exchange. Accordingly, our stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price from their shares when they determine to sell them or
may have to hold them for a substantial period of time until the market for our Common Stock improves. 

25 

Our stock price and trading volume may be volatile,
which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

The equity trading markets may experience periods
of volatility, which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity securities. The market price of our Common Stock
could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, our industry or our operating performance and financial condition.
In addition, the trading volume in our Common Stock has been low and may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. We
have experienced significant volatility in the price of our stock. In addition, the stock markets in general can experience considerable
price and volume fluctuations. 

We have not paid dividends in the past and have
no immediate plans to pay cash dividends. 

We plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent
we have earnings, to develop and deliver our products and cover operating costs and to otherwise become and remain competitive. We do
not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we would, at any
time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to the holders of our Common Stock as a dividend. Therefore,
you should not expect to receive cash dividends on our Common Stock. 

Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect
the market for our Common Stock. 

Of the 2,930,101,819 shares of our Common Stock outstanding
as of the date of this Annual Report, approximately 766,217,939 are restricted and 2,163,883,880 shares are freely tradable without restriction
pursuant to Rule 144. Any substantial sale of our Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale prospectus may have a material
adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

You may experience future dilution as a result
of future equity offerings. 

To raise additional capital, we may in the future
offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock at prices that may
not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities in any future offering at a price per
share that is lower than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, which would result in those newly issued shares being
dilutive. In addition, investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders,
which could impair the value of your shares. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our Common Stock, or securities
convertible or exchangeable into shares of our Common Stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid
by investors in this offering. 

Our charter documents and Nevada law may inhibit
a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and
bylaws and applicable provisions of Nevada law may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control
or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions
that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. The provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

limit who may call stockholder
 meetings; 

do not provide for cumulative
 voting rights; and 

provide that all vacancies
 may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. 

There are limitations on director/officer liability. 

As permitted by Nevada law, our certificate of incorporation
limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of a director s fiduciary duty except for liability in certain
instances. As a result of our charter provision and Nevada law, shareholders may have limited rights to recover against directors for
breach of fiduciary duty. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that we shall indemnify our directors and officers to
the fullest extent permitted by law. 

26 

Penny stock regulations may impose certain restrictions on marketability
of our securities. 

The SEC adopted regulations which generally define
a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5 per share or an exercise price of less than
 5 per share, subject to certain exceptions. A security listed on a national securities exchange is exempt from the definition of a penny
stock. Our Common Stock is not currently listed on a national security exchange. Our Common Stock is therefore subject to rules that impose
additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouse).
For transactions covered by such rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. 

Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny
stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also disclose the commission payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative,
current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker dealer must disclose this fact and
the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must wait two business days
after providing buyers with disclosure materials regarding a security before effecting a transaction in such security. Consequently, the
 penny stock rules restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and affect the ability of investors to sell
our securities in the secondary market and the price at which such purchasers can sell any such securities, thereby affecting the liquidity
of the market for our Common Stock. 

Stockholders should also be aware that, according
to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control of the market for the security by one or more
 broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

manipulation of prices through prearranged matching
 of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

boiler room 
 practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; 

excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and
 markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

the wholesale dumping of
 the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable
 collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (referred
to as FINRA) has rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high
probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are
applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers
buy our Common Stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect
on the market for and price of our common stock. 

27 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, the Company is not
required to include the disclosure under this Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. At this time, there are no unresolved staff comments. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company leases its virtual office space at 2450
Colorado Ave., Suite 100E, Santa Monica, CA 90404 on a month-to-month lease for 311 per month. 

Assignment of lease agreement 

On May 17, 2022, Mahaser LLC Assignee entered into an assignment and assumption of lease agreement by and between 2819 Coldwater LLC Assignor ), Sunset Place
Holdings LLC Lessor and Yossi Attia Guarantor ). Pursuant to the agreement, Lessor agreed to lease to Assignor
certain Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease Gross agreement dated February 7, 2022 (the Lease and
expiring on January 31, 2024, which premises commonly known as 8265 Sunset Boulevard, Suite #107, West Hollywood, CA 90046. The base rent
payment shall equal 4,100 per month and share of common area operating expense shall equal 200 per month. Guarantor has guaranteed payment
of Assignor s obligations under the Lease and Assignor assigned all of its right, title and interest in the Lease to Assignee and
Assignee assumed Assignor s obligations under the Lease. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company may be involved in
various litigation matters, which arise in the ordinary course of business. There is currently no litigation that management believes
will have a material impact on the financial position of the Company. 

28 

On or around January 30, 2019, RWJ Advanced
Marketing, LLC, Greg Bauer, and Warren Jackson sued the Company and multiple third and related parties in Superior Court of the
State of California County of Los Angeles, General District in connection with the acquisition of UGO in September 2017.
The case number is 19STCV03320 (the Original Lawsuit ). The complaint in the Original Lawsuit alleges breach of contract,
among other causes of action. The Company answered the complaint and filed a cross-complaint against the plaintiffs in the case
and third parties on or around February 15, 2019. On or about September 10, 2020, the Company through its agent of service was
 served with a complaint (the Company contested service) that was filed against the Company and third parties by Robert
Warren Jackson and Gregory Bauer in Los Angeles Superior Court Case No.: 20STCV32709 Second Lawsuit ). In the Original
Lawsuit filed, the court rejected the plaintiff s claims that they were filing a purported quasi-derivative lawsuit. As such,
in this current litigation, the plaintiff is now again claiming the action is a derivative lawsuit. On October 13, 2020, the Second
Lawsuit was removed by other defendants into Central District of California (CASE NO. 2:20 cv 09399 RGK AGR).
On February 2, 2021 the Central District of California dismissed the entire Second Lawsuit based on demand futility .
In the Original lawsuit, the Company filed a cross complaint against the plaintiff and other third parties. The court has scheduled
various hearings and a trial date set for December 27, 2021 which was later continued by the Court to September 28, 2022. It was
the Company s intention to dividend its holdings of its wholly owned subsidiary Ugopherservices Corp. UGO ).
As UGO is the main dispute in the litigations described above, the Company elected to sell UGO to a third-party effective July
1, 2020 (See Note 17). On September 17, 2020, the Company terminated Greg Bauer as consultant (resulting from the sale of UGO),
which he confirmed in writing. On or about June 14, 2021 the Company stipulated with plaintiff that all third parties will be released
and plaintiff may file a new first amendment complaint that will name only the Company. As such, all third parties other than prior
transfer agent of the Company have been dismissed from this litigation. The Company is in default on this note. 

Following the sale of UGO, the Company noticed third
parties (including SURG, via its asset manager) to wire the UGO funds to its new bank account. SURG never answered the notice. SURG is
the clearing house for UGO. The Company noticed certain third parties that it intends to take legal actions to resolve this issue. On
November 12, 2020 the Company filed a complaint in the United States District Court District of Nevada Case 2:20-cv-02078
against RWJ, Mr. Bauer, Mr. Jackson and against W.L. Petrey Wholesale Company Inc for fraud, breach of contract, Unjust Enrichment and
other claims. On January 28, 2022 the court awarded the Company an injunction against RWJ defendants, where all fee funds generating from
resale should be deposited into GBT blocked account, and therefore RWJ Defendants cannot use these funds without court order. 

The Company entered into the Confidential Settlement
Agreement and Mutual Release RJW Agreement by and between RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC, Robert Warren Jackson, Gregory
Bauer (collectively the RJW Parties and W.L. Petrey Wholesale Company, Inc., Petrey on one hand; and GBT
Technologies Inc., on behalf of itself and its agents (collectively the GBT Parties ), on the other hand. The Company the RJW Agreement
effective September 26, 2022 with final signatures delivered to the Company on or about October 5, 2022. Pursuant to the RJW Agreement,
the parties have agreed to settle, release, and otherwise resolve all known or unknown claims between them and agreed to jointly stipulate,
move, or otherwise dismiss the lawsuits filed in the United States District Court of Nevada (Case No. 2:20-cv- 02078), in the Superior
Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, Central District (Case Nos. 19STCV03320 and 20STCV32709), and in the United States
District Court of the Central District of California (Case No. 2:20-cv-09399-RGK-AGR) with prejudice. The parties agreed and stipulated
to release all funds currently being held in a blocked account of 19,809 with 50 distributed to the RWJ Parties and 50 distributed
the Company or its assignee. The Parties also entered into the InComm Assignment Agreement IAA which assigned, transferred
and conveyed all proceeds derived from the RWJ Parties agreements with Interactive Communications International, Inc., and its
affiliate Hi Technology Corp., including but not limited to that Master Distribution and Service Agreement between Interactive Communications
International, Inc. and Petrey d/b/a UGO-HUB dated August 29, 2016, as amended (collectively referred to as the InComm Proceeds ),
and which shall divide the InComm Proceeds 90 to the Company or its assignee and 10 to the RWJ Parties or their assignee. Finally, the
Company agreed to pay 40,000 to the RWJ Parties or their assignee. The Company accrued 49,847 expenses represent the final amounts due
to the RJW Parties. 

The Company under a different settlement agreement
with SURG, committed to assign the IAA. As such, on October 5, 2022 and as cumulation of all settlement agreements the Company
issued a request to SURG regarding release of certain escrow funds and the execution of an assignment of rights as contemplated
in the afore referenced agreement. 

29 

On December 3, 2018, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Discover Growth Fund, LLC (the Investor pursuant to
which the Company issued a Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture (the Debenture of 8,340,000. In connection
with the issuance of the Debenture and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company issued a Common Stock Purchase Warrant to
acquire up to 225,000 shares of common stock for three years (the Warrant on a cash-only basis at an exercise
price of 100 per share with respect to 50,000 Warrant Shares, 75 with respect to 75,000 Warrant Shares and 50 with respect to
100,000 Warrant Shares. The holder may not exercise any portion of the Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than
4.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately after exercise. The outstanding principal amount may be converted
at any time into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 95 of the Market Price
less 5 (the conversion price is lowered by 10 upon the occurrence of each Triggering Event the current conversion price
is 75 of the Market Price less 5). The Market Price is the average of the 5 lowest individual daily volume weighted average prices
during the period the Debenture is outstanding. 

On May 28, 2019, the Investor delivered to the Company
a Notice of Default and Notice of Sale of Collateral (the Notice ). On December 23, 2019, in arbitration between
the Company and the Investor, an Interim Award was entered in favor of the Investor. On January 31, 2020, the Company was informed that
a final award was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms that certain sections of the Debenture constitute
unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and were stricken. Further, it was determined that the Investor was entitled to recovery of
their attorney s fees. Consequently, the arbitrator awarded Investor 4,034,444 plus interest of 7.25 accrued from May
15, 2019 and costs fee of 55,613. 

On February 18, 2020, the Company filed a motion
with the United States District Court District of Nevada (the Nevada Court to confirm the Final Award and a motion
to consolidate Investor s application to confirm the Final Award filed in the U.S. District Court of the Virgin Islands (Case
No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM) (the Virgin Island Court ). On February 27, 2020, the Nevada Court denied the Company s
motion to confirm the Final Award and motion to consolidate and further decided that the confirmation of the Final Award should
be litigated in the Virgin Island Court. As such, on February 27, 2020, the Company filed a Notice of Entry of Order as well as
a Motion to Confirm the Arbitration Award, address the outstanding issues regarding whether Investor s rights are subordinated
to other creditors and, thereafter, oversee a commercially reasonable foreclosure sale (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM). It was
the Company s position that the Final Award must first be confirmed and all questions regarding the rights of Investor relative
to those of other creditors must be determined before any foreclosure sale can proceed. It is further the position of the Company
that the previously disclosed foreclosure sale scheduled by Investor is being conducted in a commercially unreasonable manner and
that if Discover proceeded forward with the foreclosure sale it did so at its own risk. Nevertheless, on February 28, 2020, Investor
advised that it conducted a sale of the Company s assets. As the date of this report Investor failed to present a deed of
sale for the alleged sale that allegedly took place as noticed. The Company filed with Virgin Island Court the motions disputing
the validity of the alleged sale. On July 28, 2020, Investor filed in the State of Nevada a motion for attorney s fees 48,844 and
costs 716. The Company filed an answer on August 11, 2020. 

On October 16, 2020, Investor motion for attorney s
fees 48,844 and costs 716 was denied. This case is still pending with the Federal court and the Court has not taken
any substantive action in the matter as of the date of this report. 

GBT Technologies, S.A. 

On September 14, 2018,
the Company entered into an Exclusive Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement (the GBT License Agreement with GBT-CR, a fully compliant and regulated crypto currency exchange platform that currently operates in Costa Rica as a decentralized
crypto currency platform, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company granted to GBT-CR an exclusive, royalty-bearing right
and license relating intellectual property relating to systems and methods of converting electronic transmissions into digital
currency as reflected in that certain patent filed with the United Stated Patent and Trademark Office on or about June 14, 2018
(EFS ID: 32893586; Application Number: 16008069; Type: Utility under 35 USC 111(a); Confirmation Number: 6787)(collectively, the
 Digital Currently Technology ). Pursuant to the GBT License Agreement, the Company granted GBT-CR an exclusive worldwide
license to use the Digital Currency Technology to make, use, sell, lease or otherwise commercialize and dispose of products and
devices utilizing the Digital Currently Technology. Under the terms of the GBT License Agreement, the Company is entitled to receive
a royalty payment of 2 of gross revenue of each licensed product sold by GBT-CR during the period starting in which revenue is
first generated using the licensed products and continuing for five years thereafter. Upon signing the GBT-CR License Agreement,
GBT-CR paid the Company 300,000 which is nonrefundable. The Company has recognized the 300,000 as revenue during the years
ended December 31, 2018. Upon GBT-CR making available for sale (the Commercial Event an ICO (Initial Coin Offering)
(the Coin ), GBT-CR will make a payment to the Company of 5,000,000. Further, upon the Commercial Event, GBT-CR will
grant the Company the ability to acquire 30 of the Coin at a 30 discount of such offering price of the Coin. The GBT License
Agreement commenced as of the signing date and, unless terminated in accordance with the termination provisions of the GBT License
Agreement, shall remain in force until the expiration of the patent pertaining to the Digital Currency Technology; provided that
the right to use trade, secrets shall survive the expiration of the GBT License Agreement provided the Company has not terminated.
Prior to the signing of the GBT License Agreement, GBT-CR advanced 200,000 to the Company, which the parties have agreed
will be applied toward the 5,000,000 fee when it becomes due. On February 27, 2020 GBT Technologies, S.A., as successor in interest
to Hermes Roll, LLC notified the Company that it was in default on its Amended and Restated Territorial License Agreement ARTLA dated June 15, 2015 and that the ARTLA had been cancelled and rescinded. 

30 

In connection with SURG Exchange Agreement 
On November 4, 2020, Altcorp and Stanley filed an Ex Parte Motion in the District Court, Clark County, Nevada (Case No: A-20-823039-B,
in Dep No: 43) to appoint receiver and issue a temporary restraining Order against SURG and its transfer agent for alleged defaults on
prior exchange agreement. On December 4, 2020, the parties entered an interim agreement which set the material terms of a settlement.
A final settlement was achieved per the interim agreement terms on January 1, 2021. On March 4, 2021, the Company filed a motion to enforce
the settlement agreements, as the Company alleged that SURG owes an additional 240,000 which was due and owing under the settlement agreements.
On June 24, 2021, per the June 23, 2020 Agreement, the Company together with AltCorp sent SURG and its transfer agent via registered mail,
a true-up shares demand for an additional 14,870,370 SURG shares as calculated per the Agreement. Subsequently, SURG was a party to two
lawsuits in state District Court, the Eighth Judicial District Court for Clark County, Nevada involving AltCorp, Stanley and Glen Eagles
Acquisition LP (the AltCorp Parties. ). Each of these lawsuits were ultimately disputes relating to the total consideration
SURG was to pay the Company under the APA. On October 18, 2021, the AltCorp Parties, the Company, and SURG entered into a Memorandum of
Understanding (the MOU to set up a framework for an attempt to settle the two lawsuits. 

On December 22, 2021 (the Effective Date ),
pursuant to the framework in the MOU, the AltCorp Parties (and an additional third party), the Company, ECS, and SURG, Kevin Brian Cox
(SURG s Chief Executive Officer) in his individual capacity, entered into a Resolution of Purchase, Mutual Release, and
Settlement Agreement (the Final Settlement Agreement to settle the two lawsuits and resolve all disputes related to the
consideration paid by SURG to the Company in connection with the APA. Full and complete payment under the Final Settlement Agreement was
received on or about January 7, 2022 and a stipulation and order for dismissal was filed dismissing the action on or about February 1,
2022. 

On or about July 9, 2021 the Company filed a lawsuit
in District Court in Clack County Nevada Department 19 (Case number A-21-837631-C) against Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings, Inc
for breach of contract, breach of covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Unjust Enrichment and declaratory relief for failure of providing
consulting services per contract they entered. The Company is demanding the return of 240,000 shares issued, return of the 5,000 payments,
recission of the consulting agreement, and attorney s fees and costs. As Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings failed to appear to a notice
of deposition, the Company filed for a summary judgment. On January 20, 2023 the court issued a 708,821 writ of execution against Terry
Taylor and TTSG 

On or about February 2, 2022, GBT was served with
a First Amended Complaint (the Complaint initiated by Gregory Mancuso and Rainer AG, a Swiss corporation, Case No. 21SMCV01430,
filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles. The Complaint names a number of different parties,
including GBT, and asserts, among other things, claims for conversion, unjust enrichment, breach of contract, and breach of implied covenant
of fair dealing, which Plaintiffs allege arise out of a brokerage agreement entered into between Plaintiff Rainer AG and co-defendant
Consul Group re Dos Mil Veintiuno S.R.L Consul ). GBT was sued under an alter ego theory of liability, and its only involvement
in the above-referenced chain of events seems to be that its shares were deposited with Rainer by Consul upon the opening of the brokerage
account. GBT s responsive pleading is due on March 17, 2022. GBT will be filling a demurrer to the First Amended Complaint based
on a variety of deficiencies with the First Amended Complaint, and will ask the Court to dismiss the claims against GBT. 

Stock Loan Receivable 

On January 8, 2019,
the Company entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement with Latin American Exchange Latinex Casa de Cambio, S.A., a Costa Rica corporation Latinex ), to provide that Latinex may maintain its required regulatory capital as required by various regulators.
The Company pledged 4,006 restricted shares of its common stock valued at 7,610,147 (based on the closing price
on the grant date) for three years for an annual payment of 375,000 paid in quarterly installments of 93,750. In lieu of cash
payment, Latinex may pay the Company in virtual currency of WISE Network S.A. valued at a 50 discount of its offering price of
 10 per token. In the event that Latinex s required capital has decreased below 5,000,000, Latinex is permitted to sell
the pledged shares of common stock only in an amount to ensure that Latinex can satisfy the required capital levels. The Company
must consent to such sale of the shares of common stock, which may not be unreasonably withheld. Upon expiration of the agreement,
the remaining shares of common stock shall be returned to the Company free and clear of all liens. The Company recorded the value
of these shares of common stock as a stock loan receivable which is presented as a contra-equity account in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. At December 31, 2019, the Company wrote off the accrued interest income as Latinex did not perform any payment
and the Company has no mean to enforce this payment. Latinex agreed in principle to return the pledged 4,006 restricted shares
to the Company for cancellation. The 4,006 restricted shares have not yet been returned to the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFERY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

31 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000,000
of its 0.00001 par value common stock and 20,000,000 shares of its 0.00001 par value preferred stock Series B and 10,000 shares
of its 0.00001 par value preferred stock Series C, 100,000 shares of its 0.00001 par value preferred Series D shares, 2,000,000
of its 0.00001 par value preferred Series G shares and 40,000 of its 0.00001 par value preferred Series H shares. As of December
31, 2022, 1,535,593,440 shares of common stock, as well as 45,000 shares of preferred stock Series B, 700 shares of preferred stock
Series C, zero shares of preferred stock Series D, zero shares of preferred stock Series G and 20,000 shares of preferred stock
Series H were issued and outstanding. The Board of Directors reserves the right to issue shares of preferred stock in the future
indicating preference or rights as appropriate. 

Market Information 

Our common stock commenced
quotation on the OTC PINK under the symbol GTCH . The Company s subsequent symbol was GOPH . The following
table sets forth the range of high and low prices per share of our common stock for each period indicated (after given effect to reverse
split of 1 for 100 split in 2019 and 1 for 50 in 2021) 

Quarters
 Ended 
 Mar
 31 
 Jun
 30 
 Sep
 30 
 Dec
 31 

High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 
 High 
 Low 

2022 
 0.350 
 0.107 
 0.114 
 0.002 
 0.007 
 0.001 
 0.002 
 0.001 
 
 2021 
 5.00 
 0.75 
 1.70 
 0.75 
 0.90 
 0.35 
 0.40 
 0.09 

Record Holders 

The number of holders of record for our common
stock as of December 31, 2022 was 92. 

Dividends 

The Company has not yet adopted any policy regarding
payment of dividends. No cash dividends have been paid or declared since the Date of Inception. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We presently do not have equity compensation plans authorized. 

32 

Transfer agent change 

The Company transfer agent is Nevada Agency and Transfer
Company NATCO with a business address at 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno NV 89501; NATCO s website is www.natco.com,
and their phone number is (775) 322-0626. 

Penny Stock 

Our common stock is considered penny stock 
under the rules of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection
with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5, other than securities registered
on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information
with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: 

contains a description
 of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; 

contains a description
 of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect
 to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of
 a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; 

contains a toll-free telephone
 number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; 

defines significant terms
 in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and 

contains such other information
 and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. 

The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting
any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: 

bid and offer quotations
 for the penny stock; 

the compensation of the
 broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; 

the number of shares to
 which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the marker for such stock;
 and 

monthly account statements
 showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. 

33 

In addition, the penny stock rules that require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgement of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably
statement. 

These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading
activity in the secondary market for our stock. 

Recent Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 222,091,971 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest to 1800
Diagonal Lending. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 150,000,000 shares of Company common stock to GBT Tokenize for joint venture agreement between
Magic International Argentina FC, S.L. The value of the shares of 1,500 was determined based on the FV of the Company s
common stock. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 5,500,000 shares of Company common stock to GHS from the Equity Financing Agreement for gross
consideration of 231,868, The value of the shares of was determined based on the Equity Financing . 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 500,000,000 shares of Company common stock to Metaverse for certain equity method investment.
The value of the shares of 5,000 was determined based on the FV of the Company s common stock. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 8,580,434 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest to Stanley
Hills. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 26,343,190 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest to Redstart. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 590,117,647 shares of Company common stock upon the conversion of the convertible promissory note and accrued interest to IGOR
Corp. 

34 

We claimed exemption from registration under the Securities
Act for the sales and issuances of these securities under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder,
in that such sales and issuances did not involve a public offering. All of the purchasers of unregistered securities for which we relied
on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D represented that they were accredited investors as defined under the Securities Act. We claimed
such exemption on the basis that (a) the purchasers in each case represented that they intended to acquire the securities for investment
only and not with a view to the distribution thereof and that they either received adequate information about the registrant or had access,
through employment or other relationships, to such information and (b) appropriate legends were affixed to the stock certificates issued
in such transactions. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, this discussion
includes forward-looking information that involves risks and assumptions, which could cause actual results to differ materially from management s
expectations. See Forward-Looking Statements included in this report. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking
statements, including without limitation, statements related to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy
of resources. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties including without limitation
the following: (i) our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at our discretion;
(ii) our plans and results of operations will be affected by our ability to manage growth; and (iii) other risks and uncertainties indicated
from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as may, will, should, could, 
 expects, plans, intends, anticipates, 
 believes, estimates, predicts, potential, 
or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements.
Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such statements. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We are under no duty to update
any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Report. 

This section of the report should be read together
with Footnotes of the Company audited financials. The audited statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
are compared in the sections below. 

35 

General Overview 

GBT Technologies Inc. (formerly Gopher Protocol Inc.)
(the Company , GBT , or GTCH was incorporated on July 22, 2009 under the laws of the State of
Nevada. The Company is targeting growing markets such as development of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) enabled
networking and tracking technologies, including wireless mesh network technology platform and fixed solutions, development of an intelligent
human body vitals device, asset-tracking IoT, and wireless mesh networks, with an AI portfolio. The Company derived revenues from (i)
the provision of IT consulting services; and (ii) from selling electronic products through e-commerce
platforms like Amazon and eBay. 

Recent Developments 

Due to litigation with Discover
Fund, in April 2020, GBT was forced to make the decision of changing the Company s direction by developing a portfolio of intellectual
property within the area of microchips technology and design. The years 2019 and 2020 were compounded with recuring legal issues and COVID-19
restrictions creating extremely difficult times and challenges. GBT focused on its core competency in the area of Research Development R D creating an IP portfolio combined of patents, trade secrets and prototypes further defining GBT s new mission.
GBT is now developing IP in areas which will leverage its competencies and experience with the goal of diversifying in various fast-growing
semiconductor industries in today s leading, growing market segments. 

GBT currently holds 10 patents
and has 25 submissions within in the following domains: tracking, 3-D Microchip Design (semiconductors), EDA Software Tools and subsets
with, cyber security, ID, telehealth, AI, computer vision, IoT, mesh networks and sectors which it believes are in demand. The Company
has been delivering a steady stream of new IPs for portfolio expansion developing new ideas and successful patents, over the past two
years. 

Going forward, GBT will focus
on expanding the families of various patents and concentrating on strategic potential partnerships with the goal of integrating these
technologies into a broad marketplace, one that will potentially diversify the risk within these areas: 

1. Build
 a portfolio pipeline of IP related to microchip technology. 

2. Seek
 to actively introduce this new technology to strategic partners, large companies and VC s
 creating market opportunities. 

3. Using
 market diversification to create access to new fields and future growth. 

GBT Tokenize Joint Venture 

On March 6, 2020, the Company through Greenwich, entered
into a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize-It, S.A. Tokenize ),
which is owned by a Costa Rica Trust represented by Pablo Gonzalez Gonzalez ). Gonzalez also represents Gonzalez Costa Rica
Trust, which holds a note in the principal amount of 10,000,000 and is also a shareholder of the Company. Under the Tokenize Agreement,
the parties formed GBT Tokenize Corp., a Nevada corporation GBT Tokenize ). The purpose of GBT Tokenize is to develop, maintain
and support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking, radio technologies, AI
core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process outsourcing development
services, customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound and outbound calls
solutions, as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ), throughout
the State of California. Upon generating any revenue from the Technology Portfolio, the Joint Venture will earn the first right of refusal
for other territories. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Tokenize to secure
its Technology Portfolio investment. The Company shall appoint two directors and Tokenize shall appoint one director of GBT Tokenize.
Tokenize shall contribute the services and resources for the development of the Technology Portfolio to GBT Tokenize. The Company shall
contribute 2,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to GBT Tokenize. Tokenize and the Company will each
own 50 of GBT Tokenize. The shares were valued at 5,500,000. 

36 

In addition, GBT Tokenize and Gonzalez entered
into a Consulting Agreement in which Gonzalez is engaged to provide services for 33,333 per month payable quarterly which may
be paid in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP. Gonzalez will provide
services in connection with the development of the business as well as GBT Tokenize s capital raising efforts. The term of
the Consulting Agreement is two years. During year ended December 31, 2021, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of 424,731
to Stanley Hills in a private transaction that the Company is not part to. The closing of the Tokenize Agreement occurred on March
9, 2020. 

Through this
Joint Venture the parties commenced development of an intelligent human vital signs device, which we currently refer to as the
qTerm. The platform is an expansion of the existing license agreement with GBT Tokenize Corp., which provided GBT Tokenize Corp. with
an exclusive territory of California to develop certain of the Company s technology. As the nature of the platform cannot be restricted
only to California, the Company s joint venture GBT Tokenize Corp. will be compensated with additional two hundred million shares
of the Company to strengthen its funding, subject to board approval. A provisional patent application for the qTerm Medical Device was
filed on March 30, 2020 with the USPTO. The application has been assigned serial number 63001564. The Joint Venture completed successfully
the first prototype. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in researching, developing or implementing this product
into the market. In order to successfully implement this concept, the Company will need to raise adequate capital to support its research
and, if successfully researched, developed and granted regulatory approval, the Company would need to enter into a strategic relationship
with a third party that has experience in manufacturing, selling and distributing this product. There is no guarantee that the Company
will be successful in any or all of these critical steps. 

On May 28, 2021, the parties agreed to amend the Tokenize
Agreement to expand territory granted for the Technology Portfolio under the license to GBT Tokenize to include the entire continental
United States. The Company has further agreed to issue GBT Tokenize an additional 14,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The
shares were valued at 15,400,000. At December 31, 2021, the Company evaluated the carrying amount of this joint venture investment and
determined that this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment charge of 15,400,000 was taken. Although the investment
was impaired, the product development is still ongoing. 

Magic Agreement 

As explained above, on April
11, 2022 the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ),
entered into a Master Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Magic International
Argentina FC, S.L. Magic and Tokenize which replaced a prior joint venture entered between the parties. 

The purpose of Tokenize is
to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking,
radio technologies, AI core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process
outsourcing development services, customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound
and outbound calls solutions, as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ),
throughout the world, which Technology Portfolio was previously licensed to the Company for the State of California. 

The Tokenize Agreement
provides that the Company shall contribute 150,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to Tokenize.
Sergio Fridman is the manager of Magic and the beneficial owner of all outstanding securities of Magic. Magic will contribute cash
of 250,000 into Tokenize for a promissory note and agreed to further fund Tokenize with all funds reasonably needed for implementation
of the business purposes as described in the Tokenize Agreement. The GBT Shares will not be transferable for a period of five years. 

Magic and the Company each
own 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Tokenize. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in Tokenize and its 100 ownership
of Greenwich (the Pledged Securities to Magic for providing that Magic may take possession of such Pledged Securities in
the event the Company executes, delivers and performs any future agreement or document or judgement resulting in the creation of any lien,
pledge, mortgage, claim, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company. The Company shall appoint two directors and Magic shall
appoint one director of Tokenize. 

37 

On June 16, 2022 the parties
amended the Tokenize Agreement to further define the constitution of the Board of Directors. As such, Section 4.2 of the Tokenize Agreement
was amended and restated to provide that the Board of GBT Tokenize Corp. shall consist of two Directors, one of whom shall be appointed
by GBT Tokenize Corp. and the other shall be appointed by the Company 

MetAlert (prior name)
GTX Agreement 

On April 12, 2022, GBT Tokenize
Corp GBT Tokenize ), a Nevada corporation which the Company owns 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock, entered
into a series of agreements with GTX Corp GTX and various note holders of GTX pursuant to which Tokenize acquire convertible
promissory notes of GTX of 100,000 (the GTX Notes ). In addition, GBT Tokenize acquired 76,923 (GBT acquired 5,000,000 in
the original deal, where GTX to perform a corporate action of 1:65 reverse split on September 20, 2022) shares of common stock of GTX
for 150,000 - in total FV of 12,538 as of December 31, 2022 based on level 1 stock price in OTC markets. 

The GTX Notes bear 10 interest
and 50 of the principal may be converted into shares of common stock on a one-time basis at a conversion price of 0.01 per share. The
remaining 50 of the principal must be paid in cash. The closing occurred on April 12, 2022. 

GTX changed its name into
MetAlert Inc. on or about September 20, 2022. 

On September 30, 2022,
GBT Tokenize, loaned MetAlert Inc., a Nevada corporation (f/k/a GTX Corp.) MetAlert 90,000. For such loan, MetAlert
provided Tokenize with a promissory note of 90,000 which is due and payable together with interest of 5 upon the earlier of September
19, 2023 or when declared by Tokenize. 

Surge Payment 

On January 7, 2022, the Company received payments
from Surgepays Inc. (formerly known as Surge Holdings, Inc.) in total of 3,750,000 pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement
dated December 22, 2021. The 3,750,000 was recorded as other receivable as of December 31, 2021. The entire balance of 3,750,000 was
paid in January 2022. 

On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement with Marko Radisic (the Seller and Touchpoint pursuant to which the Company acquired
10,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Touchpoint Preferred from the Seller for 125,000. The
Touchpoint Preferred is convertible into 10,000,000 shares of common stock of Touchpoint. On or about February 23, 2022 Touchpoint
perform automatic conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 10,000,000 shares of common stock of TGHI. 

On February 18, 2022, the Company, effective March
1, 2022 entered into a Revenue RSA with MAHASER pursuant to which the Company acquired the opportunity to share in revenues generated
by MAHASER with respect to e-commerce sales through the world biggest online retail platform in the United States of America. MAHASER
owns an e-commerce platform as a store which is the legal, exclusive owner of Ravenholm Electronics. The Company will operate the e-commerce
platform and will be entitled to 95 for all revenue generated by and received by MAHASER for the period from March 1, 2022 through December
31, 2022. The RSA provides that the Company will be entitled to appoint a manager to MAHASER. As consideration, the Company will pay MAHASER
 100,000 no later than March 1, 2022 and issue MAHASER 1,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock. The Company shall
have no obligations to make any further payments to MAHASER. For any further extensions, the Company will have the option to extend the
RSA for annual payment of 200,000, which can be payable with the Company s shares of common stock payable based on 20 days VWAP
prior to issuance. On March 16, 2022 the parties entered into Amendment No. 1 to the to the RSA, where all consideration to be paid or
issued to MAHASER will be deferred until such time where the e-commerce platform generated in cumulative revenue of 1,000,000. The
Company accounts for the RSA as a consolidated variable interest entity VIE for the period ended June 30, 2022. On March
31, 2022, the parties entered into Amendment No. 2 to the RSA, where Mahaser agreed to pay the Company 100 per year for all revenue generated
by and received by seller from the sales by Amazon within the United States of America as follows for the period from March 1, 2022 through
December 31, 2022. The Company will be responsible for 100 of the cost of goods sold as well. In addition, the Company is entitled to
earn 100 revenues and cost of goods sold of the test run period from February 1, 2022 to February 28, 2022. 

38 

On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into
an Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement with Touchpoint pursuant to which the Company granted TGHI a worldwide license
for its technologies for a term of five years in the domains of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile
technologies pertaining to the Company s digital currency technology (the Technology ). GBT will charge TGHI
earned royalties based on actual uses by TGHI of the Technology resulting from revenue attributable to the use, performance or
other exploitation of the Technology, to the extent applicable, after deducting any taxes that the Company may be required to collect,
and deducting any international sales, goods and services, value added taxes or similar taxes which the Company is required to
pay, if any, excluding deductions for taxes on the Company net income. TGHI agreed to issue the Company 10,000,000 shares of common
stock of TGHI for the Company entering this Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement. 

Equity Purchase Agreement
and Registration Rights Agreement 

On December 17, 2021
(the Effective Date ), the Company entered into an equity financing agreement (the Equity Financing Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments LLC GHS ),
pursuant to which GHS shall purchase from the Company, up to that number of shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares for 10,000,000, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement from time to time over
of 24 months after an effective registration of the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, is declared effective by the SEC (the Contract Period ). 

The Equity Financing
Agreement grants the Company the right, from time to time at its sole discretion (subject to certain conditions) during the Contract
Period, to direct GHS to purchase shares of Common Stock on any business day (a Put ), provided that at least ten
trading days has passed since the most recent Put. The purchase price of the shares of Common Stock contained in a Put will
be 90 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company s Common Stock during the ten consecutive
trading days preceding the receipt by GHS of the applicable Put notice. Such sales of Common Stock by the Company, if any, may
occur from time to time, at the Company s option, during the Contract Period. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement, on each Put the Company will deliver a number of Shares equaling 110 of the dollar
amount of each Put. The maximum dollar amount of each Put will not exceed 200 of the average daily trading dollar volume for the
Company s Common Stock during the ten trading days preceding the Trading Day that GHS receives a Put. No Put will be made
in an amount equaling less than 10,000 or greater than 500,000. Puts are further limited to GHS owning no more than 4.99 of
the outstanding stock of the Company at any given time. The Equity Financing Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement contain
customary representations, obligations, rights, warranties, agreements and conditions of the parties. The Equity Financing Agreement
terminates upon any of the following events: when GHS has purchased 10,000,000 in the Common Stock of the Company pursuant to
the Equity Financing Agreement; on the date that is 24 calendar months from the date the Equity Financing Agreement was executed. 

Actual sales of shares of Common Stock to GHS under
the Equity Financing Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time, including, among
others, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and determinations by the Company as to the appropriate sources of funding
for the Company and its operations. The Company issued 463,303 shares with net proceeds of 66,942 from the Equity Financing Agreement
in February 2022. 

COVID-19 Pandemic 

The Company operates in a high-tech marketplace and
relies on professionals and partnerships all over the world, which is impacted by the global pandemic, causing the Company s resources
to be affected. Our business operations have been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by the coronavirus disease
COVID-19. 

An outbreak of respiratory illness caused by COVID-19
emerged in Wuhan city, Hubei province, PRC, in late 2019 and has been expanding globally. COVID-19 is considered to be highly contagious
and poses a serious public health threat. 

39 

On March 19, 2020, California Governor Gavin
Newsom issued a stay-at-home order to protect the health and well-being of all Californians and to establish consistency across
the state in order to slow the spread of COVID-19. California was therefore under strict quarantine control and travel has been
severely restricted, resulting in disruptions to work, communications, and access to files (due to limited access to facilities).
Since then, other measures were imposed in other countries and major cities in the USA, including Los Angeles, and throughout the
world in an effort to contain the COVID-19 outbreak. The World Health Organization (the WHO is closely monitoring
and evaluating the situation. On March 11, 2020, the WHO declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic, expanding its assessment
of the threat beyond the global health emergency it had announced in January. Any outbreak of such epidemic illness or other adverse
public health developments in the USA or elsewhere in the world may materially and adversely affect the global economy, our markets
and our business. The stay-at-home order was lifted in California only on January 25, 2021. 

In the first quarter of 2020, the COVID-19 outbreak
has caused disruptions in our development operations, which have resulted in delays on exiting projects. A prolonged disruption or any
further unforeseen delay in our operations of the development, delivery and assembly process within any of our activities could continue
to result in, increased costs and reduced revenue. 

We cannot foresee whether the outbreak of COVID-19
will be effectively contained, nor can we predict the severity and duration of its impact. If the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively
and timely controlled, our business operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected as a result of the deteriorating
market outlook for sales, the slowdown in regional and national economic growth, weakened liquidity and financial condition of our customers
and vendors or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors and other factors beyond our control could have an adverse effect
on the overall business environment, cause uncertainties, cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict and materially and
adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently evaluating
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a
negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

In February 2022, the Russian
Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including
the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and
related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

40 

Consideration of Inflation
Reduction Act Excise Tax 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S.
federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries
of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value
of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations
are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the
same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Results of Operations: 

Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

A comparison of the statements of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Change 

2022 
 2021 

Sales 
 1,152,555 
 
 1,152,555 
 100 
 
 Consulting income - related party 
 45,000 
 180,000 
 (135,000 
 (300 
 
 Total Sales 
 1,197,555 
 180,000 
 1,017,555 
 85 
 
 Cost of sales 
 817,754 
 
 817,754 
 100 
 
 Gross Profit 
 379,801 
 180,000 
 199,801 
 53 
 
 Operating 

expenses 
 3,178,160 
 18,655,514 
 (15,477,354 
 (487 
 
 Loss (income) from operations 
 2,798,359 
 18,475,514 
 15,677,155 
 (560 
 
 Other expense (income), net 
 (8,122,215 
 15,454,919 
 23,577,134 
 290 
 
 Loss (income) before provision for income taxes 
 (5,323,856 
 33,930,433 
 39,254,289 
 737 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Loss (income) from continued operations 
 (5,323,856 
 33,930,433 
 39,254,289 
 737 

Discontinued operations 

Net loss (income) 
 (5,323,856 
 33,930,433 
 39,254,289 
 737 

41 

Sales for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 were 1,152,555 and 0. The Consulting income from related party for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 45,000
and 180,000. Sales are derived from providing IT consulting services to a related party and sales from amazon and Ebay. 

Operating expenses for the year ended December 31,
2022 were 3,178,160, compared to 18,655,514 for the same period in 2021. The decrease of 15,477,354 or 487 was principally due to
no impairment of assets, decrease in marketing expenses of 477,279, increase in general and administrative expenses of 759,654, and
decrease in professional expenses of 309,729 and a gain in bad debt by 50,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022
was 8,122,215, an increase of 23,577,134 or 290 from 15,454,919 for the same period in 2021. The increase is principally due to i)
a increase of related party licensing income; ii) reduction of amortization of debt discounts by 442,247; iii) reduction of change in
FV of derivative liability by 6,594,370; iv) reduction in interest expense and financing costs of 969,629; and v) gain in on RJW settlement
of 3,012,355. 

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022
was 5,323,856 compared to the net loss of 33,930,433 for the same period in 2021 due to the factors described above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going Concern 

 The accompanying CFS have been prepared assuming the
Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has an accumulated deficit of 299,257,917 and has a working capital
deficit of 18,522,046 as of December 31, 2022, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or obtain the necessary financing
to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management has plans
to seek additional capital through some private placement offerings of debt and equity securities. These plans, if successful,
will mitigate the factors which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
These CFS do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts
and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

Our cash was 106,639 and 155,106 at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 138,293, compared to 1,369,114
during the same period in 2021. The amount used in operating activities for
the year ended December 31 2022 was primarily related to a net income of 5,323,856 and offset by amortization of debt discount
of 442,247, excess of debt discount and financing costs of 34,175, change in FV of derivative liability of 6,594,370, change in FV
of market equity security of 308,802, change on settlement of 3,012,633, and net working capital increase of 9,866,535. Our working
capital position changed by going from a working capital deficit of 28,388,581 at December 31, 2021 to a working capital deficit of 18,522,046
at December 31, 2022. 

The amount 
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to a net
loss of 33,930,433 offset by amortization of debt discount of 824,238, excess of debt discount and financing costs of 136,785,
change in FV of derivative liability of 1,339,117, loss on modification of debt of 13,777,480, impairment of assets of 15,400,000,
realized gain on disposal of market equity security of 11,000, shares issued for services of 281,748, payment of other income with marketable
securities of 800,000, and net working capital decrease of 1,612,950. 

42 

Cash flows used in investing activities were 275,000
during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0 for the same period in 2021. The increase is due to the investment in marketable
securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash from financing activities for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 364,826, compared to 1,411,186 for the same period in 2021. The increase is due to the issuance of convertible
notes in 2022 of 300,000 and proceeds from sales of common stock and related party of 988,094, which is offset by the issuance of notes
receivable of 190,000 and repayment of related party of 694,225 and a repayment convertible note of 39,042. Cash from financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the issuance of convertible notes and notes payable in 2021 of 1,517,386 and proceeds
from sales of common stock of 106,200. 

We obtained a net income of 5,323,856 for the year
ended December 31, 2022. In addition, we had a working capital deficit of 18,522,046 and accumulated deficit of 299,257,917 at December
31, 2022. 

Equity Purchase Agreement
and Registration Rights Agreement 

On December 17, 2021
(the Effective Date ), the Company entered into an equity financing agreement (the Equity Financing Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement with GHS Investments LLC GHS ),
pursuant to which GHS shall purchase from the Company, up to that number of shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares for 10,000,000, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement from time to time over
the course of 24 months after an effective registration of the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, is declared effective by the SEC (the Contract Period ). 

The Equity Financing
Agreement grants the Company the right, from time to time at its sole discretion (subject to certain conditions) during the Contract
Period, to direct GHS to purchase shares of Common Stock on any business day (a Put ), provided that at least ten
trading days has passed since the most recent Put. The purchase price of the shares of Common Stock contained in a Put will
be 90 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company s Common Stock during the ten consecutive
trading days preceding the receipt by GHS of the applicable Put notice. Such sales of Common Stock by the Company, if any, may
occur from time to time, at the Company s option, during the Contract Period. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions
set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement, on each Put the Company will deliver a number of Shares equaling 110 of the dollar
amount of each Put. The maximum dollar amount of each Put will not exceed 200 of the average daily trading dollar volume for the
Company s Common Stock during the ten trading days preceding the Trading Day that GHS receives a Put. No Put will be made
in an amount equaling less than 10,000 or greater than 500,000. Puts are further limited to GHS owning no more than 4.99 of
the outstanding stock of the Company at any given time. The Equity Financing Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement contain
customary representations, obligations, rights, warranties, agreements and conditions of the parties. The Equity Financing Agreement
terminates upon any of the following events: when GHS has purchased 10,000,000 in the Common Stock of the Company pursuant to
the Equity Financing Agreement; on the date that is 24 calendar months from the date the Equity Financing Agreement was executed. 

Actual sales of shares of
Common Stock to GHS under the Equity Financing Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time
to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and determinations by the Company as to the
appropriate sources of funding for the Company and its operations. 

In September of 2017 we purchased the assets
of RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC, and then after ECS Prepaid LLC, Electronic Check Services, Inc. and Central States Legal Services,
Inc. in 2018. RWJ and ECS have historically generated significant revenues which we do not expect to continue in the future, as
the Company divested its investment in ECS Prepaid LLC, Electronic Check Services, Inc. and Central States Legal Services, Inc.
on or around September 2019, left only with the acquired assets from RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC which on September 18, 2020, the
Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement with Mr. LightHouse LTD . ,
an Israeli corporation MLH pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and assign to MLH, effective July 1, 2020
all the shares, and certain specified liabilities, of Ugopherservices Corp., for 100,000 to be paid through the delivery of a
promissory note payable to the Company (the Note ), as disclosed in this report. We intend to continue to make investments
to support our business growth and we will require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop
new features and products or enhance our existing products, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses
and technologies. Further, we need additional capital to continue operations. Accordingly, we engaged GHS in equity financings
to secure additional funds, as disclosed in this report. We expect that we have sufficient capital to maintain operations through
the end of 2023. In order to fully implement our business plan, we will need to raise 10,000,000. The Company will need to raise
additional capital in the future of which there is no guarantee that the Company will be able to successfully raise such capital
on acceptable terms. With the current cash on hand, cash in our attorney s trust account and additional cash anticipated
to be raised in the future, we believe we will have sufficient cash to meet our obligations for the next 12 months. The Company
issued 463,303 shares with net proceeds of 66,942 from the Equity Financing Agreement in February 2022. 

43 

10,000,000 for GBT Technologies S. A. acquisition
(assigned to a third-party Igor 1 Corp) 

In accordance with
the acquisition of GBT-CR the Company issued a convertible note of 10,000,000. The convertible note bears interest of 6 and is
payable at maturity on December 31, 2022. At the election of the holder, the convertible note can be converted into a maximum of
20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder but
subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such number of shares of common stock of the Company
as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per share) by the conversion price 10 per share). On May 19, 2021, the Company,
IGOR 1 Corp, and Gonzalez GBTCR (none related parties) entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment
of Note Balance Principal and Accrued Interest (the Gonzalez Agreement ). Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement, without
any party admission of liability and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT Convertible Note maturity
date to December 31,2022,(ii) amend the GBT Convertible Note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 and a modified
conversion feature to the GBT Convertible Note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period ending on
the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT Convertible Note by
Gonzalez to a third party. As a result of the change in terms of this convertible note, the
Company took a charge for modification of debt of 13,777,480 during the year ended December 31, 2021 

Glen Eagles Acquisition LP 

On July 8, 2019, the Company entered a Consulting
Agreement with Glen Eagles Acquisition LP Glen as consultant to provide services in connection with the Company s
acquisition of 25 of GBT Technologies, S.A., a Costa Rican corporation GBT-CR ). Consultant will provide analysis,
interaction with related professional and other services as requested by the Company to integrate and expand capabilities between
GBT-CR and the Company. The Company shall pay Glen 1,000,000 through the issuance of a 6 Convertible Note. At the election of
Glen, the Convertible Note can be converted into a maximum of 2,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H
Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common
stock, into such number of shares of common stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per share) by
the conversion price 10 per share). The Series H Preferred Stock has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the
holder of Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of common stock that the Series H Preferred Stock
may be convertible into. In addition, the Company entered into an Amendment of a Common Stock Purchase Warrant held by Glen to
acquire nine million shares of common stock that had been assigned to Glen by Guardian Patch LLC. Pursuant to the amendment, the
Company agreed to provide that the Common Stock Purchase Warrant may be exercised on a cashless basis and provided a beneficial
ownership limitation of 4.99 . 

On or about June 23, 2020, the Company and
AltCorp entered into agreements with SURG and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP Glen into series of agreements regarding
the 4,000,000 SURG Note. Glen converted in full its 1,000,000 convertible note was issued by the Company on July 8, 2019 plus
 50,000 of accrued interest, into 1,050,000 of a SURG Note via an assignment of a portion 1,050,000 of a 4,000,000 face value)
of the 4,000,000 SURG Note. In addition, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Glen for which the Company shall
pay to Glen 200,000 via an assignment of a portion 200,000 of a 4,000,000 face value) of the 4,000,000 SURG Note. Glen in
turn converted all its 1,250,000 considerations received into 2,500,000 SURG shares. Per the final settlement agreement with Surge
and per allocation of settlement funds agreement, Glen credit balance for the end of 2021 was 662,500 which included 425,000
credit derived from said settlement (which was paid on January 2022), where the open aged credit balance derived from the above,
along with cash infusion with Glen as off the date of this report is 512,500. Effective January 2023 the Company agreed with Glen,
that the Company will issue Glen a convertible note for it 512,500 entire balance. The convertible note pay interest on the unpaid
principal balance hereof at the rate of 10 . Principal and interest on the outstanding balance shall be paid on or prior to December
31, 2023 (the Maturity Date ). Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and actual days elapsed
from the date the balance was created until actual pay-off. In no event shall the interest charged hereunder exceed the maximum
permitted under the laws of the State of California. Funding was done or on behalf and order of The Company. The Note has a conversion
feature whereby Glen may convert the principal and interest payable hereunder into shares of common stock of the Company at a 15 
discount to the market in prior single trade in the last 20 trading days 

RWJ Acquisition Note 

In connection
with the acquisition of RWJ in September 2017, the Company issued a note. The note accrues interest at 3.5 , was due on December 31, 2019
and was secured by the assets purchased in the acquisition. The Company contests the validity of the note, as such the note has not been
repaid. The Company entered into a Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release RJW Agreement by and between RWJ
Defendants and the Company effective September 26, 2022. Said RJW Agreement voided the RWJ acquisition Note in its entirely. (See ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

44 

Discover Growth Fund 

On December
3, 2018, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Discover Growth Fund, LLC (the Investor pursuant to which the Company issued a Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture (the Debenture of 8,340,000. In
connection with the issuance of the Debenture and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company issued a Common Stock Purchase Warrant
to acquire up to 225,000 shares of common stock for a term of three years (the Warrant on a cash-only basis at
an exercise price of 100 per share with respect to 50,000 Warrant Shares, 75 with respect to 75,000 Warrant Shares and 50 with respect
to 100,000 Warrant Shares. The holder may not exercise any portion of the Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99 
of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately after exercise. The outstanding principal amount may be converted at any time
into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 95 of the Market Price less 5 (the conversion
price is lowered by 10 upon the occurrence of each Triggering Event the current conversion price is 75 of the Market Price less
 5). The Market Price is the average of the five lowest individual daily VWAP during the period the Debenture is outstanding. 

On May 28, 2019,
the Investor delivered to the Company a Notice of Default and Notice of Sale of Collateral (the Notice ). On
December 23, 2019, in arbitration between the Company and the Investor, an Interim Award was entered in favor of the Investor. On January
31, 2020, the Company was informed that a final award was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms that certain
sections of the Debenture constitute unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and were stricken. Further, it was determined that
the Investor was entitled to recovery of their attorney s fees. Consequently, the arbitrator awarded 4,034,444 plus interest
of 7.25 from May 15, 2019 and costs of 55,613. 

On February
18, 2020, the Company filed a motion with the United States District Court District of Nevada (the Nevada Court to confirm
the Final Award and a motion to consolidate Investor s application to confirm the Final Award filed in the U.S. District Court of
the Virgin Islands (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM) (the Virgin Island Court ). On February 27, 2020, the Nevada Court denied
the Company s motion to confirm the Final Award and motion to consolidate and further decided that the confirmation of the Final
Award should be litigated in the Virgin Island Court. As such, on February 27, 2020, the Company filed a Notice of Entry of Order as well
as a Motion to Confirm the Arbitration Award, address the outstanding issues regarding whether Investor s rights are subordinated
to other creditors and, thereafter, oversee a commercially reasonable foreclosure sale (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM). It was the Company s
position that the final Award must first be confirmed and all questions regarding the rights of Investor relative to those of other creditors
must be determined before any foreclosure sale can proceed. It is further the position of the Company that the previously disclosed foreclosure
sale scheduled by Investor is being conducted in a commercially unreasonable manner and that if Discover proceeded forward with the foreclosure
sale it did so at its own risk. Nevertheless, on February 28, 2020, Investor advised that it conducted a sale of the Company s assets.
As the date of this report Investor failed to present a deed of sale for the alleged sale that allegedly took place as noticed. The Company
filed with Virgin Island Court the motions disputing the validity of the alleged sale. On July 28, 2020, Investor filed in the State of
Nevada a motion for attorney s fees 48,844 and cost of 716. The Company filed an answer on August 11, 2020. On October
16, 2020, Investor motion for attorney s fees 48,844 and cost of 716 was denied. The balance was included in accounts
payable for the unearned settlement. As of December 31, 2022, this case is still pending with the Federal court and the Court has not
taken any substantive action in the matter as of the date of this report. 

45 

Redstart Holdings Corp. 

Paid Off Notes/Converted
Notes 

On August 4, 2020,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart Holdings Corp., an accredited investor Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart Note No. 1 of 153,600 for
 128,000. The Redstart Note No. 1 had a maturity date of November 3, 2021 and the Company agreed to pay interest on the
unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 1 at the rate of 6 from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 1 is issued
(the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment
or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 1, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment
to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 1. The transactions described above closed on August 5, 2020. The outstanding
principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 1 may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following
the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert the Redstart Note No. 1 into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date
of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature
associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 1), the Redstart Note No. 1 shall become immediately due and payable
and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the
Redstart Note No. 1. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Note No. 1 of 153,600 plus accrued interest
was converted into 226,532 shares of common stock. 

On September 15, 2020,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible
Promissory Note (the Redstart Note No. 2 of 93,600 for 78,000. The Redstart Note No. 2 had a maturity date of September
15, 2021 and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 2 at the rate
of 6 from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 2 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable,
whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart
Note No. 2, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 2. The transactions
described above closed on September 16, 2020. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 2 may not be converted
prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart
may convert the Redstart Note No. 2 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal
to 85 of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price
will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for
as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the
Redstart Note No. 2), the Redstart Note No. 2 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in
full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 2. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Note No. 2 of 93,600 plus accrued interest was converted into 89,169 shares
of common stock. 

On December 9, 2020, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the
 Redstart Note No. 3 of 100,200 for 83,500. The Redstart Note No. 3 had a maturity date of December 9, 2021 and
the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 3 at the rate of 6 from the date
on which the Redstart Note No. 3 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity
or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 3, provided
it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 3. The transactions described above
closed on December 11, 2020. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 3 may not be converted prior to the period
beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert
the Redstart Note No. 3 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the
lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary
based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative
liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note
No. 3), the Redstart Note No. 3 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 3. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the entire amount of Note No. 3 of 100,200 plus accrued interest was converted into 135,582 shares of common stock. 

46 

On February 10, 2021, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the
 Redstart Note No. 4 of 184,200 for 153,500. The Redstart Note No. 4 had a maturity date of February 5, 2022 and
the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 4 at the rate of 6 from the date
on which the Redstart Note No. 4 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity
or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 4, provided
it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 4. The transactions described above
closed on February 10, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 4 may not be converted prior to the period
beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert
the Redstart Note No. 4 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the
lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary
based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative
liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note
No. 4), the Redstart Note No. 4 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 4. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the entire amount of Redstart Note No. 4 of 184,200 plus accrued interest was converted into 386,146 shares of
common stock. 

On March 15, 2021, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the
 Redstart Note No. 5 of 106,200 for 88,500. The Redstart Note No. 5 had a maturity date of June 15, 2022 and
the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 5 at the rate of 6 from the date
on which the Redstart Note No. 5 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity
or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 5, provided
it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 5. The transactions described above
closed on March 17, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 5 may not be converted prior to the period
beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert
the Redstart Note No. 5 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the
lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary
based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative
liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note
No. 5), the Redstart Note No. 5 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 5. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the entire amount of Redstart Note No. 5 of 106,200 plus accrued interest was converted into 317,837 shares of
common stock. 

On May 26, 2021, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the
 Redstart Note No. 6 of 106,200 for 88,500. The Redstart Note No. 6 had a maturity date of August 26, 2022 and
the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 6 at the rate of 6 from the date
on which the Redstart Note No. 6 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity
or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 6, provided
it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 6. The transactions described above
closed on May 28, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 6 may not be converted prior to the period beginning
on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert the Redstart
Note No. 6 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading
price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s
stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In addition,
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 6), the Redstart Note
No. 6 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder,
additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 6. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Redstart
Note No. 5 of 106,200 plus accrued interest was fully repaid in total cash of 141,782. 

47 

On
September 21, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued
to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart Note No. 7 of 244,500 for 203,750. The Redstart Note No.
7 had a maturity date of December 22, 2022 and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance
of the Redstart Note No. 7 at the rate of 2.5 from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 7 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall
have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 7, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in
the Redstart Note No. 7. The transactions described above closed on September 28, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of the
Redstart Note No. 7 may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following
the 180 th day, Redstart may convert the Redstart Note No. 7 into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date
of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature
associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 7), the Redstart Note No. 7 shall become immediately due and payable
and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the
Redstart Note No. 7. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Redstart converted the principal amount and 244,500 and accrued
interest of the convertible note to 8,580,434 shares of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the
note had an outstanding balance of 0 and accrued interest of 0. 

Iliad Research and Trading,
L.P. 

On February 27, 2019,
the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with a third-party investor Iliad Research and Trading, L.P.( Iliad ),
pursuant to which the Company issued a promissory note for amount of 2,325,000. The promissory note had an original issue discount
of 300,000 and the inventor paid consideration of 2,025,000 to the Company, of which 25,000 was for legal expenses.
The outstanding balance of the promissory note is to be paid on the one-year anniversary of the issuance of the note. Interest
on the note accrues at 10 compounding daily. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the note, the Company may prepay
all or any portion of the outstanding balance of the note at any time in an amount in cash equal to 120 of the amount repaid.
In connection with transactions that generate less than 1,000,000 in proceeds, the Company had agreed to not issue any debt instrument
or incurrence of any debt other than trade payables in the ordinary course of business, any securities or agreements to sell common
stock with anti-dilution or price reset/reduction features or any securities that are or may be become convertible or exercisable
into common stock with a price that varies with the market price of the common stock (collectively, Restricted Issuance
Transaction ). The outstanding balance of the Note will be increased by 5 in the event the Company enters into a Restricted
Issuance Transaction that is approved by Iliad. The original issue discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term
of the promissory note. 

48 

On February 27, 2020,
the Company and Iliad entered into an Amendment to the Iliad Note (See Note 10) pursuant to which the maturity date of the Iliad
Note was extended to August 27, 2020, provided that the Debt may be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion
price equal to 80 multiplied by the lowest trading daily VWAP for the common stock during the 20 trading day period ending on
the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date, provided for the payment by the Company to Iliad of an extension
fee equal to 7.5 of the outstanding balance of the Iliad Note resulting in a new balance of the Iliad Note of 2,765,983 and provided
that the Company s failure to deliver shares of common stock within three trading days of a conversion would result in an
event of default. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature
associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. Iliad had agreed to restrict its ability to convert
the Iliad Note and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by it and its affiliates
after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 9.99 of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. On
July 20, 2020 the Company and Iliad entered into agreement to extend the maturity of the Iliad Note until February 27, 2021 for
an extension fee of 1,000. On February 28, 2021 the Company and Iliad entered into agreement to further extend the maturity of
the Iliad Note until May 31, 2021 for 1,000 representing the third extension of the original note. On May 19, 2021, the Company
and Iliad entered into agreement to further extend the maturity of the Iliad Note until August 31, 2021 for of 1,000 representing
the fourth extension of the original note. On August 20, 2021, the Company and Iliad entered into agreement to further extend the
maturity of the Iliad Note until December 31, 2021 for 1,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Iliad converted 2,508,737 of
its convertible note into 4,053,069 shares of the Company s common stock. The balance of the Iliad debt at December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 0 and 0, respectively. 

Sixth Street Lending LLC
 First Note 

On November 8, 2021,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Sixth Street Lending LLC Sixth Street pursuant to
which the Company issued to Sixth Street a Convertible Promissory Note (the Sixth Street Note of 124,200 for 103,500.
The Sixth Street Note had a maturity date of February 8, 2023 and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid
principal balance of the note at 6 from the date on which the note is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes
due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay
the note, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Sixth Street as set forth in the Sixth Street Note. The outstanding
principal amount of the note may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue
Date. Following the 180 th day, Sixth Street may convert the note into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the average of the two lowest trading prices with a 20-day look back
immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the
beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the occurrence
and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Sixth Street Note), the note shall become immediately due
and payable and the Company shall pay to Sixth Street, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as
set forth in the Sixth Street Note. As of December 31, 2022, the entire note was converted
into 26,343,190 shares of the Company s common stock . 

49 

Outstanding Notes 

10,000,000 for GBT Technologies S. A. acquisition 

In accordance with
the acquisition of GBT-CR the Company issued a convertible note in the principal amount of 10,000,000. The convertible note bears
interest of 6 and is payable at maturity on December 31, 2021. At the election of the holder, the convertible note can be
converted into a maximum of 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible,
at the option of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such number of shares
of common stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per share) by the conversion price 500 per share). 

On May 19, 2021, the
Company, Gonzalez, GBT-CR and IGOR 1 Corp entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment of
outstanding balance plus accrued interest (the Gonzalez Agreement ). Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement, without any
party admission of liability and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT convertible note maturity date
to December 31, 2022, (ii) amend the GBT convertible note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 and a modified
conversion feature to the GBT convertible note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period ending on
the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT convertible note by
Gonzalez to a third party. As a result of the change in terms of this convertible note, the Company took a charge related to the
modification of debt of 13,777,480 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2021, IGOR 1 converted 1,284,600 of the convertible note into 4,185,650 shares of the Company s common
stock. On June 24, 2021, the Company transferred 5,500,000 SURG shares received as repayment of 660,000 of this convertible note
(See Note 4). 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, IGOR 1 converted 1,659,669 of the convertible note into 590,117,647 shares of the Company s common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the note had an outstanding balance of 6,395,531 and accrued interest of 2,027,148. 

Sixth Street Lending LLC named changed - 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
- Second Note 

On May 5, 2022, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL ), pursuant to which the
Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory Note (the DL Note of 244,500 for 203,500. The DL Note had a
maturity date of August 4, 2023 and the Company agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note
at 6.0 from the date on which the DL Note is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable,
whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL Note
at any time from the Issue Date and continuing through 180 days following the Issue Date, provided it makes a payment including
a prepayment premium to DL as set forth in the DL Note. The transactions described above funded on May 9, 2022. 

50 

The outstanding principal amount of the DL Note may
not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day,
DL may convert the DL Note into shares of the Company s common stock at
a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period immediately preceding the date of conversion.
In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become
immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as
set forth in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company
common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

Unless the Company shall have first delivered to DL,
at least 48 hours prior to the closing of any equity (or debt with an equity component) financing in an amount less than 150,000 Future
Offering ), written notice describing the proposed Future Offering and providing the Buyer an option during the 48 hour period following
delivery of such notice to DL the securities being offered in the Future Offering on the same terms as contemplated by such Future Offering
then the Company is restricted from conducting the Future Offering during the period beginning on the Issue Date and ending nine months
following the Issue Date. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 1800
Diagonal lending converted 130,400 of the convertible note into 222,091,971 shares of the Company s common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the note had an outstanding balance of 114,100 and accrued interest of 7,674. 

Sixth Street Lending LLC
 - Third Note 

On September 13, 2022, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (dated September 9, 2022) with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Promissory Note (the DL Note of 116,200 with an original issue
discount of 12,450 resulting in net proceeds of the Company of 103,750. The DL Note had a maturity date of September
9, 2023 and the Company agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at the rate of 12.0 from the
date on which the DL Note is issued (the Issue Date ). A one-time interest charge of 12 or 13,944 was
applied on the Issue Date to the principal amount owed under the DL Note. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject
to adjustment, shall be paid in ten payments of 13,014.40 resulting in a total payback to DL of 130,144. The first payment is
due October 30, 2022 with nine subsequent payments each month thereafter. The Company shall have a five-day grace period with respect
to each payment. The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. This DL
Note shall not be secured by any collateral or any assets of the Company. The outstanding principal amount of the DL Note may not
be converted into the Company common shares except in the event of default. In the event of default on the DL Note, DL may convert
the DL Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal
to 75 of the lowest trading price with a 10-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become immediately
due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth
in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company
common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock
of the Company. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
company paid back 39,043 to 1800 Diagonal lending. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the note had an outstanding balance of 77,157 and an interest of 13,944. 

Sixth Street Lending LLC - Fourth Note 

51 

On March 1, 2023, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement, with DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Promissory Note (the DL Note 59,408 with an original issue discount of 6,258 resulting in net proceeds of the Company of 53,150. The DL Note ha a maturity
date of June 1, 2024 and the Company agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at the rate of 12.0 
from the date on which the DL Note is issued. A one-time interest charge of 12 or 7,128 was applied on the issuance date of the
DL Note to the principal amount owed under the DL Note. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment,
shall be paid in ten payments of 6,653.60 resulting in a total payback to DL of 66,536. The first payment is due April 15, 2023
with nine subsequent payments each month thereafter. The Company shall have a five-day grace period with respect to each payment.
The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. This DL Note shall not be
secured by any collateral or any assets of the Company. The outstanding principal amount of the DL Note may not be converted into
the Company common shares except in the event of default. In the event of default on the DL Note, DL may convert the DL Note into
shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 75 of the lowest trading price during the 10-day period
immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default
(as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction
of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion
if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed
4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

Sixth Street Lending LLC - Fifth Note 

On March 1, 2023, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory Note (the DL
Convertible Note of 62,680 for of 52,150. The DL Convertible Note had a maturity date of June 1, 2024 and the Company
agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Convertible Note at the rate of 6.0 from the date on which the
DL Convertible Note is issued until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment
or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL Convertible Note, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment
to DL as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. The outstanding principal amount of the DL Convertible Note may not be converted
prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the date the DL Convertible Note is issued. Following the
180th day, DL may convert the DL Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to
85 of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and
during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the DL Convertible Note), the DL Convertible Note shall become immediately
due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth
in the DL Convertible Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares
of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common
stock of the Company. 

SBA Loan 

On June 22, 2020, the Company received a loan from
the Small Business Administration under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program related to the COVID-19 relief efforts. The loan bears
interest at 3.75 , requires monthly principal and interest payments of 731 after 12 months from funding and is due 30 years from the
date of issuance. The monthly payments were extended by the SBA to all EIDL borrowers with additional 12 months. Monthly payments will
be commenced on or around June 16, 2022. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered an Amended Loan Authorization and Agreement with the
SBA providing for the modification of the Original Note providing for monthly principal and interest payments of 1,771 after 24 months
from the Original Note commencing on or around June 22, 2022. On March 17, 2022 the SBA notified it deferred the payments to
all COVID-19 EIDL loans will have the first payment due extended from 24-months to 30-months from the date of the note. The Modified
Note will continue to bear interest at 3.75 and is due 30 years from the date of issuance of the Original Note. The Modified Note
is guaranteed by Douglas Davis, the former CEO of the Company and current consultant, as well as by GBT Tokenize Corp. The additional
funding of 200,000 was received by the Company on October 5, 2021. The balance of the note at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021 was 350,000 and 350,000 plus accrued interest of 23,497 and 20,399, respectively. 

52 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the nonrelated party convertible notes had total outstanding balance of 6,397,727 and 8,145,233, net of debt discount,
and accrued interest of 2,048,766 and 1,547,924, respectively. 

Alpha Eda Note 

On November 15, 2020, the Company issued a promissory
note to Alpha Eda, LLC Alpha ), a related party for 140,000. The note accrues interest at 10 , is unsecured and was
due on September 30, 2021. On June 20, 2021 Alpha and the Company extended the note maturity to December 31, 2022. The balance
of the note at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 140,000 and 140,000 plus accrued interest of 32,178 and 29,104, respectively. 

Stanley Hills LLC Convertible
Note Payable 

The Company entered
into a series of loan agreements with Stanley Hills LLC Stanley pursuant to which it received more than 1,000,000
in loans (the Debt from May 2019 up to December 2019. On February 26, 2020, in order to induce Stanley to continue
to provide funding, the Company and Stanley entered into a letter agreement providing that the current note payable balance due
to Stanley of 1,214,900 may be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 85 multiplied
by the lowest one trading price for the common stock during the 20-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day
prior to the conversion date. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion
feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. Stanley had agreed to restrict its ability to
convert the Debt and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by it and its affiliates
after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 4.99 of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley converted 1,231,466 of its convertible note plus interest into 4,420,758 shares
of the Company s common stock, and during the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley loaned the Company an additional 325,000.
Also, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company transferred the SURG shares received as repayment of 800,000 of
this convertible note (See Note 5) and converted 126,003 of accrued interest into the principal balance. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of 424,731 to Stanley in a private transaction that the Company
is not part to (See Note 7). The balance of the Stanley convertible note payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 116,605 and
 116,605, respectively. The unpaid interest of the Stanley convertible note payable at December
31, 2022 and 2021 was 20,033 and 8,372, respectively. The Stanley debt is secured via a pledge agreement on the SURG shares. 

53 

Stanley Hills LLC Accounts
Payable 

On January 1, 2021, SURG,
AltCorp and Stanley entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement after Stanley sued SURG.
Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, SURG agreed to amend the AltCorp Exchange Agreement where SURG acknowledged a debt
of 3,300,000 (the Debt to be paid in 33 monthly payments of 100,000 payable in shares of common stock of SURG at a per
share price equal the volume weighted average price of Surg s common stock during the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding
the issuance. The Company paid 650,000 in cash and the remaining by shares. The SURG common stock issued to Altcorp has been pledged
since August 12, 2020 for the benefit of Stanley to secure Stanley s note payable by the Company. Accordingly, the SURG Common Stock
issued to AltCorp as a result of the Settlement Agreement were pledged to Stanley. SURG paid 400,000 in cash and 800,000 by
shares. The SURG common stock issued to Altcorp have been pledged since August 12, 2020 for the benefit of Stanley to secure Stanley s
note payable by the Company. Accordingly, the SURG Common Stock issued to AltCorp as a result of the Settlement Agreement were pledged
to Stanley. The final settlement SURG agreed to make total payments of 4,200,000 to the Company on or prior to January 7, 2022. This
 4.2 million amount consists of 450,000 paid by SURG in November and December 2021, 100,000 to be paid on or about January 4, 2022,
and 3,650,000 to be paid on or prior to January 7, 2022 of which 375,000 will be held in escrow as described before. The 3,750,000
was recorded as other receivable as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has recorded an outstanding payable
to Stanley of 927,136 and 1,862,928, respectively, recorded under accrued expenses. 

Consulting income for both the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 45,000 and 180,000. Consulting income are derived from providing IT consulting services to Stanley
and selling electronic products through e-commerce platforms like Amazon and eBay. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of our financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP requires us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts and classification of revenues and expenses during the periods
presented, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and
material changes in these estimates or assumptions could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded on the period in which
they become known. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under
the circumstances and at that time, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily-apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates if past experience or other
assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate. 

We believe that the accounting policies described
below are critical to understanding our business, results of operations, and financial condition because they involve significant judgments
and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. An accounting is deemed to be critical if it requires a judgment or
accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain, and if different estimates that could have
been used, or if changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact our financial
statements. Other significant accounting policies, primarily those with lower levels of uncertainty than those discussed below, are also
critical to understanding our financial statements. The notes to our financial statements contain additional information related to our
accounting policies and should be read in conjunction with this discussion. 

Presentation of Financial Statements 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Stock Split 

On October 26, 2021, the Company effectuated a 1
for 50 reverse stock split. The share and per share information has been retroactively restated to reflect this reverse stock
split. 

54 

Marketable Equity Securities 

The Company accounts for marketable equity
securities in accordance with ASC Topic 321, Investments equity securities. Marketable equity securities are reported
at FV based on quotations available on securities exchanges with any unrealized gain or loss being reported as a component of other
income (expense) on the statement of operations. The portion of marketable equity security expected to be sold within twelve months
of the balance sheet date is reported as a current asset. These publicly traded equity securities are valued using quoted prices
and are included in Level 1. 

Revenue Recognition 

Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), became effective for the
Company on January 1, 2018. The Company s revenue recognition disclosure reflects its updated accounting policies that are
affected by this new standard. The Company applied the modified retrospective transition method for open contracts
for the implementation of Topic 606. The Company had no significant post-delivery obligations, this new standard did
not result in a material recognition of revenue on the Company s accompanying CFS for the cumulative impact of
applying this new standard. The Company made no adjustments to its previously-reported total revenues, as those periods continue
to be presented in accordance with its historical accounting practices under Topic 605, Revenue Recognition . 

Revenue is recognized under Topic 606 as
follows: 

executed contracts with
 the Company s customers that it believes are legally enforceable; 

identification of performance
 obligations in the respective contract; 

determination of the transaction
 price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation the transaction
 price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition of revenue
 only when the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

These
five elements, as applied to each of the Company s revenue category, is summarized below: 

IT consulting services
 revenue is recorded on a monthly basis as services are provided; and 

License fees and Royalties
 revenue is recognized based on the terms of the agreement with its customer. 

E-Commerce sales 

Identify
 the contract(s) with a customer. ASC 606 defines a contract as an agreement between
 two or more parties that creates enforceable rights and obligations . Since this is
 an e-commerce sale on the Amazon of eBay websites, the Company just followed the general
 terms on Amazon or eBay websites and the customer entered into a contract with the Company
 based on the product listed on the Amazon or eBay websites; 

Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract. According to the contract, the Company is responsible
 for operation exclusively. The Company is entitled to all revenue which is being paid by
 Amazon or eBay into a designated bank account and the Company is responsible for all product
 acquisitions as well as shipments. The only performance obligations were the electronic products
 that were listed on Amazon or eBay websites and the Company determined each order is one
 single obligation; 

Determine
 the transaction price. The transaction price set to be the listed price on the Amazon or
 eBay websites.; 

Allocation
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.; and 

Recognize
 revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation. Sales are being recognized upon
 shipment. 

55 

Unearned revenue 

Unearned revenue represents the net amount received
for the purchase of products that have not seen shipped to the Company s customers. On January 28, 2022 awarded the Company with
injunction against RWJ Defendants, where all fee funds generating from resale should be deposited into GBT blocked account, and therefore
RWJ Defendants cannot use these funds without court order - 19,810 been credited as unearned revenue until court final decision. The
Company has 48,921 and 249,384 of unearned revenue at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Contract liabilities 

On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into an
Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement with Touchpoint Group Holdings, Inc. Touchpoint or TGHI pursuant to which the Company granted TGHI a worldwide license for its technologies for a term of five years in the domains of Internet
of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies pertaining to the Company s digital currency technology
(the Technology ). GBT will charge TGHI earned royalties based on actual uses by TGHI of the Technology resulting from revenue
attributable to the use, performance or other exploitation of the Technology, to the extent applicable, after deducting any taxes that
the Company may be required to collect, and deducting any international sales, goods and services, value added taxes or similar taxes
which the Company is required to pay, if any, excluding deductions for taxes on the Company net income. TGHI agreed to issue the Company
10,000,000 shares of common stock of TGHI in the FV of 50,000 as a one-time fee consideration of the Company entering this Intellectual
Property License and Royalty Agreement, which was booked contract liabilities and amortized over the five-year term. The Company have
yet to earn any royalty income in relation to this agreement as of December 31, 2022. The contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021 was 41,444 and 0, respectively. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Company evaluates all of its agreements
to determine if such instruments have derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial
instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its FV and is then re-valued
at each reporting date, with changes in the FV reported in the statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments,
the Company uses a weighted average Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to value the derivative instruments at inception
and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded
as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be
required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s only derivative financial instrument
was an embedded conversion feature associated with convertible notes payable due to certain provisions that allow for a change
in the conversion price based on a percentage of the Company s stock price at the date of conversion. 

56 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

For certain of the Company s financial
instruments, including cash, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and short-term debt, the carrying amounts approximate their
FV due to their short maturities. 

FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures , requires disclosure of the FV of financial instruments held by the Company. FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial
Instruments , defines FV, and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of FV measurement that enhances
disclosure requirements for FV measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current
liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their FV because of the short period of time
between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three
levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation
 methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation
 methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets
 in inactive markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially
 the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3 inputs to the valuation
 methodology us one or more unobservable inputs which are significant to the FV measurement. 

The Company analyzes all financial instruments with
features of both liabilities and equity under FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , and FASB ASC Topic 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging . 

For certain financial instruments, the carrying amounts
reported in the balance sheets for cash and current liabilities, including convertible notes payable, each qualify as a financial instrument,
and are a reasonable estimate of their FV because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected
realization and their current market rate of interest. 

The Company uses Level 2 inputs for its valuation
methodology for derivative liabilities as their FV were determined by using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model based on various
assumptions. The Company s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect FV at each period end, with any increase or decrease
in the FV being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to FV of derivatives. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes,
whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable
temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax
bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some
portion, or all of, the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects
of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

Under ASC 740, a tax position is recognized as a benefit
only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized
on examination. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. The Company has
no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented and its current on all its tax filings federal and state
until 2021 inclusive. 

Dividends 

The Company has not yet adopted any policy regarding
payment of dividends. No cash dividends have been paid or declared since the Date of Inception. 

57 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, the Company is not
required to include the disclosure under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The information required by Item 8 appears at Page F-1, which appears after
the signature page to this report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Previous independent registered public accounting
firm 

On May 27, 2022 (the Termination
Date ), the Company terminated BF Rogers CPA PC (the Former Auditor as the independent registered public accounting
firm of the Company. Other than an explanatory paragraph included in the Former Auditor s audit report for the Registrant s
fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 relating to the uncertainty of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern,
the audit reports of the Former Auditor on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020
did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, and such reports were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit
scope, or accounting principle. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and through the date of this Current Report on Form
8-K, the Company has not had any disagreements with the Former Auditor on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the Former Auditor s satisfaction,
would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports on the Company s financial statements for such years. During the
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and through the date of the Termination Date, there were no reportable events, as defined in Item
304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. The Company requested our Former Auditor furnish us with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether
it agrees with the above statements, which they did. 

New independent registered
public accounting firm 

On May 27, 2022 (the Engagement
Date ), the Company engaged M.S. Madhava Rao New Auditor as its independent registered public accounting firm for
the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The decision to engage the New Auditor as the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm was approved by the Company s Board of Directors. During the two most recent fiscal years and through the
Engagement Date, the Company has not consulted with the New Auditor regarding either: 

1. application of accounting
principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s
financial statements, and neither a written report was provided to the Company nor oral advice was provided that the New Auditor concluded
was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue;
or 

2. any matter that was either
the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Regulation S-K, Item 304(a)(1) (iv) and the related instructions) or reportable event (as
defined in Regulation S-K, Item 304(a)(1)(v)). 

58 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We maintain a system of disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rule 15d-15I) that are designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required under
the SEC s rules and forms and that the information is gathered and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by SEC Rule 15d-15(b),
our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer), carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to
Exchange Act Rule 15d-14 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our management concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in timely alerting management to material information required to be included
in our periodic SEC filings and to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management, consisting
of our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f),
is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board
of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and
includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
 and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use of disposition of our assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements. 

59 

Because of its inherent limitations, ICFR reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our ICFR
reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this assessment, management believes that as of December 31, 2022, our ICFR reporting is not
effective based on those criteria. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC to provide
only management s report in this annual report. 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

There were no changes during our last fiscal year
that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Below are the names and certain information regarding the company s
executive officers and directors. 

Current Directors/Officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Dr. Danny Rittman 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 Mansour Khatib 
 
 60 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
 Director 

60 

Dr. Danny Rittman 
is a veteran software architect and integrated circuit technology expert with over 20 years of experience in the technology sector. From
2014 through the present, Dr. Rittman served as the CTO and as a director of the Company, leading the Company s technological direction
and managing teams of mobile software developers. From 2012, through 2014, Dr. Rittman served as a Senior Integrated Circuit Consultant
for Qualcomm / Max Linear, managing teams of integrated circuit designers within the mobile technology arena. From 2007 through 2012,
Dr. Rittman served as the Founder and CTO of Micrologic Design Automation, leading the company s technological direction, including
architecture, design and development of EDA software tools. From 2002 through 2007, Dr. Rittman served as an Integrated Circuit CAD /
Software Senior Consultant for IBM, managing IC back-end projects and leading back-end CAD and QA software tool development and implementation.
From 1995 through 2002, Dr. Rittman served as the Founder and VP of R D for Bind-key Technologies, leading the company s technological
direction, research and development of EDA software tools for integrated circuits and back-end design. Dr. Rittman received a BS in Electrical
Engineeri g - VLSI Design from the University of Bridgeport, graduating Magna Cum Laude in 1992; a MS in Computer Scien e
- VLSI Design, specializing in Automation Algorithms, from La Salle University, graduating Magna Cum Laude in 1996; and a PhD in Computer
Scien e - VLSI Design, specializing in EDA Concepts and Algorithms, from La Salle University, graduating Summa Cum Laude in 1998. Mr.
Rittman is the Company s CTO and director. 

Mansour Khatib was
appointed as the Company Chief Executive and Financial Officer on April 13, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Mansour
Khatib, who served as the Chief Marketing Officer and a director of the Company as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Khatib has also previously
served as Interim Chief Executive Officer from May 2018 to July 2018. From 2009 through 2012, Mansour Khatib served as the CEO and CFO
of The Merchandise Company, located in Long Beach, California. From 2012 through the present, Mr. Khatib has served as a U.S. Business
and Marketing Sales Representative for KB Racking, located in Toronto, Canada. From May 2013 through July 2014, Mr. Khatib served as VP
of Marketing for Sun Energy Partners, LLC, developing solar rooftop projects. From July 2014 through the present, Mr. Khatib has served
as the CTO for New Energy Ventures, LLC, a company that is developing utility scale projects in New Jersey, California, and smaller projects
in Mexico, the Caribbean and Peru. Mr. Khatib received B.A. in Economics from Fachhochschule Wuppertal in Wuppertal, Germany in 1988 and
a Bachelors in Electro Engineering Computer Technology from University Aachen in Aachen, Germany in 1985. Mr. Khatib is the Company s
CEO and director. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors
and executive officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between or among our executive officers and directors pursuant to which
any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer. None of our directors or executive officers have had direct
or indirect material interest in any transaction or proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is a proposed participant, exceeding
 120,000. 

61 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none of our directors and
executive officers has: 

Had a bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy
 or within two years prior to that time. 

Been convicted in a criminal
 proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

Been subject to any order,
 judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Been found by a court of
 competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or
 state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been the subject to, or
 a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered
 entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
 associated with a member. 

Corporate governance 

On December 17, 2015, the Company established a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, a Compensation Committee and an Audit Committee (collectively, the Committees and approved
and adopted charters to govern each of the Committees. 

Currently, there are no members on each of the committees
and the board of directors has assumed the roles of each of the committees. 

Agreements with Officers and Directors 

On June 30, 2015, the Company appointed Dr. Danny
Rittman as Chief Technical Officer and a board member. On April 6, 2018, the Company and Danny Rittman, Chief Technology Officer
and a Director of the Company, agreed to amend his employment agreement pursuant to which he will receive salary at the rate of 250,000
annually payable in equal increments of 15,000 per month. An additional 70,000 shall be payable within 15 days of the end of the calendar
year. On September 14, 2018, the Company and Dr. Rittman entered into a letter agreement confirming that the Company is the owner
of all intellectual property developed by Dr. Rittman relating to the Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile
technologies, including a global platform with both mobile and fixed solutions, commencing June 16, 2015 and continuing until Dr. Rittman s
employment agreement is terminated. On August 1, 2021, the Company and Danny Rittman, Chief Technology Officer and a Director of the Company,
agreed to amend his employment agreement pursuant to which he will receive salary at the rate of 5,000 per month. 

On April 16, 2016 (the Effective Date ),
Mansour Khatib and the Company entered into an Employment Agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Mansour Khatib
agreed to serve as the Chief Marketing Officer of the Company. Mr. Mansour Khatib was also appointed as a director of the Company on the
Effective Date. Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement, Mr. Khatib will receive an annual salary of 100,000 upon the Company
generating 1,000,000 in revenue during any three (3) month period. There is no understanding or arrangement between Mr. Khatib and any
other person pursuant to which he was appointed as an executive officer and director. Mr. Khatib does not have any family relationship
with any director, executive officer or person nominated or chosen by us to become a director or an executive officer. Mr. Khatib has
not had direct or indirect material interest in any transaction or proposed transaction, in which the Company was or is a proposed participant,
exceeding 120,000. 

62 

Effective August 15, 2016, the Employment Agreement
of Mansour Khatib, our CMO, was amended and restated as follows: 

Upon the Company generating
 1,000,000 in revenue during any three (3) month period (the Threshold Requirement ), the Executive will receive salary at
the rate of 100,000 annually (the Base Salary provided, however, that that Company shall pay to Executive 5,000 per
month (the Monthly Salary Advance commencing on August 15, 2016, which such Monthly Salary Advance shall be an advance
on the Base Salary and shall continue to be paid to Executive until such time that the Company launches its Guardian Patch technology
into the consumer markets. Once the Threshold Requirement is met, the Base Salary will be payable in equal increments not less often than
monthly in arrears and in any event consistent with the Company s payroll policy and practices. On August 1, 2021, the Company amend
his employment agreement pursuant to which he will receive salary at the rate of 5,000 per month. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the
Company s executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the Company s common
stock. Such officers, directors, and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms that they file with the SEC. 

To our knowledge, based solely on review of the copies
of such reports and amendments to such reports with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC, all required
Section 16 reports under the Exchange Act for our directors, executive officers, principal accounting officer and beneficial owners
of greater than 10 of our common stock were filed on a timely basis during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all
officers, directors and employees. The Company will provide to any person without charge a copy of such code of ethics upon written request
to the Company at its registered offices. 

63 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following tables set forth all compensation paid
to our officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Non-Equity 
 Non-Qualified 

Incentive 
 Deferred 

Name
 and principal 

Stock 
 Option 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 All
 Other 

Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Michael Murray 
 2021 

5,000 
 5,000 
 
 Former
 President and director(1) 
 2022 

Danny Rittman 
 2021 
 25,000 

149,000 
 174,000 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer and director 
 2022 
 60,000 

3,671 
 63,671 

Mansour Khatib 
 2021 
 25,000 

140,000 
 165,000 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and director 
 2022 
 60,000 

140,000 
 200,000 

(1) On June 17, 2022 Michael Murry Michael Murray resigned as the President
and Director of the Company so that he may fully devote all of his efforts to GBT Tokenize Corp. and Metaverse Kit Corp. 

The compensation discussed herein addresses all compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer. 

There are no other stock option plans, retirement,
pension, or profit-sharing plans for the benefit of our sole officer and director other than as described herein. 

Director Compensation 

During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were 2 non-employee directors. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As of December 31, 2022, no new warrants was awarded
to the executives. 

64 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial
ownership of the Common Stock as of March 31, 2023 by (i) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding
Common Stock; (ii) each director of the Company; (iii) each officer of the Company and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a
group. Except as otherwise indicated below, each of the entities or persons named in the table has sole voting and investment powers
with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by it or him as set forth opposite its or his name. 

Common 
 
 Percentage 

Stock 
 
 of 

Beneficially 
 
 Common 
 
 Name
of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Owned
(1) 
 
 Stock
(1) 
 
 Dr.
Danny Rittman (2) 

1,980 

0.00 

Mansour
Khatib (2) 

0.00 

Metaverse
Kit Corp (3) 

500,000,000 

17.06 

GBT
Tokenize Corp (4) 

166,000,000 

5.67 

All
Officers and Directors as a Group 

83,360 

0.0 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the Rule 13d-3(d)(1)
of the Exchange Act, as amended and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, shares of common stock that an individual or group has a right to acquire within
60 days pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants are deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership
of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person shown in the table. The above is based on 2,930,101,819 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023 

(2) 
 Current Officer and Director
 of the Company. 

(3) 
 Metaverse Kit Corp is a 50/50 Joint venture between the Company and ldar
Gainulin and Maria Belova. which was assigned on June 10, 2022 to ldar Gainulin and Maria Belova. The company contributed 500,000,000
share of the common stock to Metaverse Kit.

(4) 
 GBT
 Tokenize Corp is a 50/50 Joint venture between the Company and Tokenize-It S.A. which was assigned on June 30, 2021 to Magic International Argentina
 F.C, S.L. Controlled by Sergio Fridman, a third party GBT Tokenize Corp hold 16,000,000 shares of the Company s common
 stock. 
 On
 April 11, 2022 the company, through its own subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, entered
 into a Master Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Magic Internacional Argentina
 FC, S.L. Magic and Tokenize which replaced a prior joint venture entered between the parties , Controlled by
 Sergio Fridman, a third party GBT Tokenize Corp to hold an additional 150,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock 

No Director, executive officer, affiliate or any owner
of record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company is a party adversary to the Company or
has a material interest adverse to the Company. 

On June 10, 2022, (the Company, entered into
a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Metaverse Agreement with Ildar Gainulin and Maria Belova
(collectively, the Licensor ). Under the Metaverse Agreement, the parties formed Metaverse Kit Corp., a Nevada corporation Metaverse Kit ). The purpose of Metaverse Kit was to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary
technologies and comprehensive platform that combines a core virtual reality platform and an extended set of real-world functions
to provide a metaverse experience initially within the area of sports and then expanding into virtual worlds of entertainment,
live events, gaming, communications and other cross over product opportunities (the Meta Portfolio ). Under the Metaverse
Agreement, Licensor agreed to provide Metaverse Kit with the licensed technology and expertise. In connection therewith, the parties
entered an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Metaverse APA concurrently with the Metaverse Agreement whereby Licensor
sold Metaverse Kit all source codes pertaining to the Meta Portfolio. Further, Licensor provided an exclusive license to Metaverse
Kit throughout the world for the invented product/service and the related platforms relating to the Meta Portfolio and to use the
know how to develop, manufacture, sell, market and distribute the Meta Portfolio throughout the world. The Company was required
to contribute 500,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to Metaverse Kit. Licensor and the Company
were to each own 50 of Metaverse Kit. The Company issued 500,000,000 shares to Metaverse for certain equity method investment.
The value of the shares of 5,000 was determined based on the FV of the Company s common stock. The Company pledged
its 50 ownership in Metaverse Kit to Igor 1 Corp. to secure a convertible note held by Igor 1 Corp. The Company was to appoint
two directors and Licensor was allowed to appoint one director of Metaverse Kit. In addition, Metaverse Kit, Licensor and Elentina
Group, LLC Elentina entered into a Consulting Agreements in which IGBM and Elentina, each were engaged to provide
services for 25,000 per month payable quarterly which Metaverse Kit has the option to pay in shares of common stock calculated
by the amount owed divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP. Licensor and Elentina were to provide services in connection with
the development of the business as well as Metaverse Kit s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement
was two years. The closing of the Metaverse Agreement occurred on June 13, 2022. 

On March 14, 2023, the Company received a counter
signed Settlement Agreement and Release by Licensor dated March 2, 2023 Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, the parties agreed that Metaverse Agreement, the Metaverse APA and the Consulting Agreement are void and cancelled. Licensor
agreed to pay 5,000 to the Company as settlement payment and surrender their shares in Metaverse Kit. 

65 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

On September 14, 2018, the Company and Dr. Rittman
entered into a letter agreement confirming that the Company is the owner of all intellectual property developed by Dr. Rittman relating
to the Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies, including a global platform with both mobile
and fixed solutions, commencing June 16, 2015 and continuing until Dr. Rittman s employment agreement is terminated. 

On September 1, 2017, the Company entered into
and closed an Asset Purchase Agreement with a third party, RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC RWJ ), a Georgia corporation,
pursuant to which the Company purchased certain assets from RWJ, including inventory, terminals, licenses and permits and intangible
assets. At closing, the Company and Mr. Greg Bauer entered into an Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Bauer was retained
as Chief Executive Officer for a term of one year, subject to an automatic extension, unless terminated, for a base salary of 250,000
and a bonus of 10 of net profit generated by the assets acquired. Mr. Bauer was also appointed to the Board of Directors of the
Company. As of the closing date, Mr. Murray resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company but will remain as a director of
the Company. Mr. Bauer, since 2004 through present, has served as executive director with W.L. Petrey Wholesale, Inc. where he
was in charge of the UGO/Preway operations. The Company is in litigations in connection with RWJ transaction. 

On January 1, 2019, the Company and Douglas Davis
entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Davis was retained as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Davis
served as Interim Chief Executive Officer since July 2018 until his resignation on April 11, 2020. The term of Mr. Davis employment
was for two years through January 1, 2021. Mr. Davis was entitled to an annual base salary of 250,000, which was to be increased to 400,000
upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. Mr. Davis was also entitled to the issuance of Stock Options to acquire 50,000 shares
of common stock of the Company, exercisable for five years, subject to vesting. The options were to be earned and vested (i) with respect
to 20,000 shares of common stock on the date hereof, (ii) 5,000 shares of common stock upon the successful dual list of the Company on
an international exchange such as SIX Zurich Stock Exchange or Euronext, (iii) 15,000 shares of common stock upon the successful up listing
to a national exchange such as the Nasdaq, NYSE Euronext, TSX, AMEX or other, and (iv) with respect to 5,000 shares of common stock at
each of the 6 month anniversaries (July 1, 2019 and January 1, 2020). The exercise price of such options shall be the closing price of
the Company on the date prior to such event. 

On October 10, 2019, the Company entered into
a Joint Venture Agreement (the BitSpeed Agreement with BitSpeed LLC, which is owned by Douglas Davis, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, to form GBT BitSpeed Corp., a Nevada company GBT BitSpeed ). The purpose of GBT BitSpeed
is to develop, maintain and support its proprietary Extreme Transfer Software Application Concurrency, a software application to
transfer secure, accelerated transmission of large file data over networks, and connection to cloud storage, Network-Attached Storage
(NAS) and Storage Area Networks (SANs) Concurrency ). BitSpeed shall contribute the services and resources for the
development of Concurrency to GBT BitSpeed. The Company shall contribute 10 million shares of common stock (valued at 17,900,000)
of the Company to GBT BitSpeed. BitSpeed and the Company will each own 50 of GBT BitSpeed. The Company shall appoint two directors
and BitSpeed shall appoint one director of GBT BitSpeed. In addition, GBT BitSpeed and Mr. Davis entered into a Consulting Agreement
in which Mr. Davis is engaged to provide services for 10,000 per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common
stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 20-day VWAP. Mr. Davis will provide services in connection with
the development of the business as well as GBT BitSpeed s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement is
two years. The closing of the BitSpeed Agreement occurred on October 14, 2019. On April 11, 2020, Douglas Davis resigned as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company so that he may fully devote all of his efforts to GBT Tokenize Corp., the Company s joint
venture, which intends to develop a new product. Mr. Davis resignation was not the result of any disagreements with management
or board of directors of the Company. 

66 

On March 6, 2020, the Company through Greenwich,
entered into the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize, which is owned by a Costa Rica Trust represented by Gonzalez. Gonzalez also
represents Gonzalez Costa Rica Trust, which holds a note of 10,000,000 and is also a shareholder of the Company. Under the Tokenize
Agreement, the parties formed GBT Tokenize. The purpose of GBT Tokenize is to develop Technology Portfolio, throughout the State
of California. Upon generating any revenue from the Technology Portfolio, the Joint Venture will earn the first right of refusal
for other territories. Tokenize shall contribute the services and resources for the development of the Technology Portfolio to
GBT Tokenize. The Company contributed 100,000,000 GBT Shares to GBT Tokenize. Tokenize and the Company will each own 50 of GBT
Tokenize. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Tokenize to secure its Technology
Portfolio investment. The Company shall appoint two directors and Tokenize shall appoint one director of GBT Tokenize. In addition,
GBT Tokenize and Gonzalez entered into a Consulting Agreement in which Gonzalez is engaged to provide services for 33,333 per
month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s
10-day VWAP. Gonzalez will provide services in connection with the development of the business as well as GBT Tokenize s
capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement is two years. The closing of the Tokenize Agreement occurred on March
9, 2020. Via this Joint Venture the parties commenced development of a development of an intelligent human vital signs device,
suggested named qTerm. The platform is an expansion of the existing license agreement with GBT Tokenize Corp., which provided GBT
Tokenize Corp. with an exclusive territory of California to develop certain of the Company s technology. As the nature of
the platform cannot be restricted only to California, the Company s joint venture GBT Tokenize Corp. will be compensated
with additional two hundred million shares of the Company to strengthen its funding, subject to board approval. A provisional patent
application for the qTerm Medical Device was filed on March 30, 2020 with the USPTO. The application has been assigned serial
number 63001564. The Joint Venture completed successfully the first prototype. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful
in researching, developing or implementing this product into the market. In order to successfully implement this concept, the Company
will need to raise adequate capital to support its research and, if successfully researched, developed and granted regulatory approval,
the Company would need to enter into a strategic relationship with a third party that has experience in manufacturing, selling
and distributing this product. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in any or all of these critical steps. 

As explained above, on April 11, 2022 the Company,
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ), entered into
a Master Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Magic International Argentina FC,
S.L. Magic and Tokenize which replaced a prior joint venture entered between the parties. 

The purpose of Tokenize is to develop, maintain and
support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking, radio technologies, AI core
engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process outsourcing development services,
customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound and outbound calls solutions,
as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ), throughout the world,
which Technology Portfolio was previously licensed to the Company for the State of California. 

The Tokenize Agreement provides that the Company shall
contribute 150,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to Tokenize. Sergio Fridman is the manager of
Magic and the beneficial owner of all outstanding securities of Magic. Magic will contribute cash of 250,000 into Tokenize for promissory
note and agreed to further fund Tokenize with all funds reasonably needed for implementation of the business purposes as described in
the Tokenize Agreement. The GBT Shares will not be transferable for five years. As of June 30, 2022, the Company received the 250,000
fund from Magic but the promissory note agreement has not been finalized yet. Therefore, the Company recorded the 250,000 funds as an
account payable. 

Magic and the Company each own 50 of the outstanding
shares of common stock of Tokenize. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in Tokenize and its 100 ownership of Greenwich (the Pledged
Securities to Magic for providing that Magic may take possession of such Pledged Securities in the event the Company executes,
delivers and performs any future agreement or document or judgement resulting in the creation of any lien, pledge, mortgage, claim, charge
or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company. The Company shall appoint two directors and Magic shall appoint one director of Tokenize. 

On June 16, 2022 the parties amended the Tokenize
Agreement to further define the constitution of the Board of Directors. As such, Section 4.2 of the Tokenize Agreement was amended and
restated to provide that the Board of GBT Tokenize Corp. shall consist of two Directors, one of whom shall be appointed by GBT Tokenize
Corp. and the other shall be appointed by the Company. 

67 

As of December, 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
Company owed 505,000 and 475,000 to Yello Partners, Inc., a Company owned by the Mansour Khatib, the Company s CEO. 

Stanley Hills LLC Accounts
Payable Related Party 

On March 8, 2020, SURG filed a lawsuit against its
transfer agent, Vstock from transferring millions of SURG stock is currently in possession by the Company and assigned to Stanley Hills,
LLC. On January 1, 2021, SURG, AltCorp and Stanley Hills, LLC Stanley entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, SURG agreed to amend the AltCorp Exchange Agreement
where SURG acknowledged a debt of 3,300,000 (the Debt to be paid in 33 monthly payments of 100,000 payable in shares
of common stock of SURG at a per share price equal the volume weighted average price of Surg s common stock during the ten trading
days immediately preceding the issuance. SURG paid 400,000 in cash and 800,000 by shares. The SURG common stock issued to Altcorp have
been pledged since August 12, 2020 for the benefit of Stanley to secure Stanley s note payable by the Company. Accordingly, the
SURG Common Stock issued to AltCorp as a result of the Settlement Agreement were pledged to Stanley. As of December 31, 2021 there were
no surge shares pledges after the final settlement signed on December 22, 2021 and that replaced all prior settlement agreement. The final
settlement SURG agreed to make total payments of 4,200,000 to the Company on or prior to January 7, 2022. This 4.2 million amount consists
of 450,000 paid by SURG in November and December 2021, 100,000 to be paid on or about January 4, 2022, and 3,650,000 to be paid on
or prior to January 7, 2022 of which 375,000 will be held in escrow as described before. The 3,750,000 was recorded as other receivable
as of December 31, 2021. As of December, 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an outstanding payable to Stanley of 927,136
and 660,735, respectively, recorded under accrued expenses. 

Sales to related party for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were 45,000 and 180,000. Sales are derived from providing IT consulting services to Stanley Hills, a related
party. The Company did not provide IT services to Stanley after the quarter ended June 30, 2022. 

Advanced from Related Party 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mansour Khatib,
the Company s CEO advanced 22,658 cash to the Company for business purposes to fund the e-commerce operations. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
repaid 18,384 cash to Mansour Khatib. 

As of December, 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
Company has recorded a due from related party of 0 and 30,049, respectively. 

As of December, 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
Company has recorded a due to related party of 62,003 and 0, respectively. 

Metaverse Agreement 

On June 10, 2022, the Company, entered into
a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Metaverse Agreement with Ildar Gainulin and Maria Belova
(collectively, the Licensor ). Under the Metaverse Agreement, the parties formed Metaverse Kit Corp., a Nevada corporation Metaverse Kit ). The purpose of Metaverse Kit was to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary
technologies and comprehensive platform that combines a core virtual reality platform and an extended set of real-world functions
to provide a metaverse experience initially within the area of sports and then expanding into virtual worlds of entertainment,
live events, gaming, communications and other cross over product opportunities (the Meta Portfolio ). Under the Metaverse
Agreement, Licensor agreed to provide Metaverse Kit with the licensed technology and expertise. In connection therewith, the parties
entered an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Metaverse APA concurrently with the Metaverse Agreement whereby Licensor
sold Metaverse Kit all source codes pertaining to the Meta Portfolio. Further, Licensor provided an exclusive license to Metaverse
Kit throughout the world for the invented product/service and the related platforms relating to the Meta Portfolio and to use the
know how to develop, manufacture, sell, market and distribute the Meta Portfolio throughout the world. The Company was required
to contribute 500,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to Metaverse Kit. Licensor and the Company
were to each own 50 of Metaverse Kit. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in Metaverse Kit to Igor 1 Corp. to secure a convertible
note held by Igor 1 Corp. The Company was to appoint two directors and Licensor was allowed to appoint one director of Metaverse
Kit. In addition, Metaverse Kit, Licensor and Elentina Group, LLC Elentina entered into a Consulting Agreements
in which IGBM and Elentina, each were engaged to provide services for 25,000 per month payable quarterly which Metaverse Kit has
the option to pay in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP. Licensor
and Elentina were to provide services in connection with the development of the business as well as Metaverse Kit s capital
raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement was two years. The closing of the Metaverse Agreement occurred on June 13,
2022. 

68 

On March 14, 2023, the Company received a counter
signed Settlement Agreement and Release by Licensor dated March 2, 2023 Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the Settlement
Agreement, the parties agreed that Metaverse Agreement, the Metaverse APA and the Consulting Agreement are void and cancelled. Licensor
agreed to pay 5,000 to the Company as settlement payment and surrender their shares in Metaverse Kit. 

On May 19, 2021, the Company entered into a
Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment of outstanding balance plus accrued interest (the Gonzalez
Agreement with third party, GBT-CR, IGOR 1 Corp and Gonzalez. Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement, without any party admission
of liability and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT convertible note maturity date to December 31,
2022, (ii) amend the GBT convertible note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 and a modified conversion feature
to the GBT convertible note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period ending on the latest complete
trading day prior to the conversion date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT convertible note by Gonzalez to a third
party. As a result of the change in terms of this convertible note, the Company took a charge related to the modification of debt
of 13,777,480 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2021, IGOR 1 converted 1,284,600 of the convertible note into 4,185,650 shares of the Company s common
stock. On June 24, 2021, the Company transferred 5,500,000 SURG shares received as repayment of 660,000 of this convertible note
(See Note 10). 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, IGOR 1 converted 1,659,869 of the convertible note into 590,117,647 shares of the Company s common stock. 

On November 15, 2020, the Company issued a
promissory note to Alpha Eda, LLC Alpha ), a related party, for 140,000. The note accrues interest at 10 ,
is unsecured and was due on September 30, 2021. On June 20, 2021 Alpha and the Company extended the note maturity to December
31, 2021. On March 30, 2022 Alpha and the Company extended the note maturity to December 31, 2022. The balance of the note
at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 140,000 and 140,000 plus accrued interest of 32,633 and 16,633, respectively. 

On February 9, 2022 the Board approved the employment
of Ms. Rittman the spouse of Mr. Rittman, as an assistant to be paid 1,500 per month. Mr. Rittman recuse himself from voting on the matter
due to a conflict. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our Board of Directors is in charged with reviewing
and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then be reported under applicable SEC
rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a
case-by-case basis. 

Director Independence 

The Company has no outside directors as of December
31, 2022. 

69 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table shows the fees that were
billed for the audit and other services provided by Madhava Rao and BF Borgers CPA PC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees 
 84,161 
 94,636 
 
 Audit-Related
 Fees 

Tax
 Fees 

All
 Other Fees 

Total 
 84,161 
 94,636 

Audit Fees - This category
includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those years.
This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim
financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees - This
category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to
the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services
for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC, other accounting consulting
and other audit services. 

Tax Fees - This category
consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The
services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All Other Fees - This category
consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Board of Directors Pre-Approval Process, Policies
and Procedures 

All audit and permissible non-audit services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm must be pre-approved. These services may include audit services, audit-related services,
tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular
service or category of service. The independent registered public accounting firm and management periodically report to the board of directors
regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. Consistent with the board of directors 
policy, all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by
our board of directors. 

70 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Forex International Trading Corp. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Forex International Trading Corp. (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock (3) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation Series C Preferred Stock (4) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Designation for the Series B Preferred Stock (5) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock(5) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Change filed pursuant to NRS 78.209 (6) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Articles of Merger filed pursuant to NRS 92.A.200 (6) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Gopher Protocol Inc. (8) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Change dated July 10, 2019 (23) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Articles of Merger by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. dated July 10, 2019(23) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Change (24) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Articles of Merger by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. dated July 10, 2019 (24) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of GBT Technologies Inc. dated September 23, 2019(26) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock (7) 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (15) 
 
 3.18 
 
 Series H Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (21) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Robert Warren Jackson, Gregory Bauer, Michael Murray and Guardian Patch, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Balloon Note payable by Gopher Protocol Inc. to RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Derron Winfrey, Dennis Winfrey, Mark Garner and JIL Venture dated March 1, 2018 (16) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Note payable by Gopher Protocol Inc. to ECS, LLC dated March 1, 2018 (16) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Stock Option issued to Kevin Pickard dated April 16, 2018 (17) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Stock Option issued to Muhammad Khilji dated April 25, 2018 (18) 
 
 4.7 
 
 6 Convertible Note payable to Pablo Gonzalez dated June 17, 2019 (21) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Convertible Note payable to Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (22) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (22) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Second Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Ilaid Research and Trading LP dated July 20, 2020 (29) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note August 4, 2020 issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. (30) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated May 14, 2020 Executed May 19, 2021(31) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note May 26, 2021 issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. Executed on May 27, 2021 (32) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Iliad Research and Trading LP dated August 19, 2021 executed August 20, 2021 (33) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note September 21, 2021 issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. Executed on September 24, 2021, and Funded on September 28, 2021 (34) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Amended Loan Authorization and Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and U.S. Small Business Administration dated October 1, 2021 (35) 
 
 4.17 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated November 8, 2021 issued to Sixth Street Lending LLC (36) 
 
 4.18 
 
 Description of Securities 

71 

10.1 
 
 Territorial License Agreement dated March 4, 2015, by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Hermes Roll LLC (7) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Territorial License Agreement dated June 16, 2015 by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Hermes Roll LLC (9) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement dated August 20, 2015 by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman (10) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement dated March 14, 2016 by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman. (11) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman dated April 19, 2016 (12) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Danny Rittman dated June 29, 2017 (13) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Addendum to Asset Purchase Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Gregory Bauer dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and ECS Prepaid LLC dated March 1, 2018 (16) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Derron Winfrey dated March 1, 2018(16) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Mark Garner dated March 1, 2018(16) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. dated September 4, 2018 (19) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Exclusive Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and GBT Technologies, S.A. dated September 14, 2018 (20) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Letter Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman dated September 14, 2018 (20) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Exchange Agreement entered into between Gopher Protocol Inc., Altcorp Trading LLC, GBT Technologies, S.A., a Costa Rica company and Pablo Gonzalez dated June 17, 2019 (21) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Consulting Agreement entered into between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (22) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Letter Agreement between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. executed August 2, 2019 Delivered August 6, 2019 (39) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. Dated September 10, 2019 (25) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind and GBT Technologies Inc. dated September 10, 2019 (25) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Letter Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and Stanley Hills LLC dated February 26, 2020 (27) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated February 27, 2020 (27) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Order dated February 27, 2020 issued by the United States District Court District of Nevada (27) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement by and between GBT Technologies Inc. and Tokenize-It S.A. dated March 6, 2020 (28) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Pablo Gonzalez and GBT Tokenize Corp. dated March 6, 2020 (28) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Pledge Agreement by and between GBT Tokenize Corp. and Tokenize-It S.A., dated March 6, 2020 (28) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 2020 between GBT Technologies Inc. and Redstart Holdings Corp. (30) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 8, 2021 between GBT Technologies Inc. and Sixth Street Lending LLC (36) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Equity Financing Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and GHS Investments LLC dated December 17, 2021 (37) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and GHS Investments LLC dated December 17, 2021 (37) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Resolution of Purchase, Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement by and among GBT Technologies Inc. and Parties Listed Therein December 22, 2021(38) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Finders Fee Agreement between JH Darbie Co. and GBT Technologies Inc. dated October 14, 2021 (39) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

72 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on September 9, 2009. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2011 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2012 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2012. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2012. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2015 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2015 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2015 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2015 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 21, 2015 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2016 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2016 
 
 (13) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 30, 2017 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2017 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2018 
 
 (16) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2018 
 
 (17) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2018 
 
 (18) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018. 
 
 (19) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2018. 
 
 (20) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 18, 2018. 
 
 (21) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 19, 2019. 
 
 (22) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2019. 
 
 (23) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2019. 
 
 (24) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2019. 
 
 (39) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2019. 
 
 (25) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2019. 
 
 (26) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25, 2019. 
 
 (27) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2020. 
 
 (28) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2020. 
 
 (29) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020. 
 
 (30) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020. 
 
 (31) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2021. 
 
 (32) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2021. 
 
 (33) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2021. 
 
 (34) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 29, 2021. 
 
 (35) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021. 
 
 (36) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 11, 2021 
 
 (37) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2021 
 
 (38) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2021 
 
 (39) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2022 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None 

73 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Dated: April 12, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mansour
 Khatib 

Name: 
 Mansour Khatib 

Title: 
 Chief Executive and Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Mansour Khatib 
 
 Chief
 Executive financial Officer Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 Mansour
 Khatib 
 
 (Principal
 Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Dr. Danny Rittman 
 
 Chief
 Technology Officer and Director 
 
 April 12, 2023 
 
 Dr.
 Danny Rittman 

74 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
Consolidated Financial Statements 

Contents 

Page 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the shareholders and the board of directors of
GBT Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet of GBT Technologies, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has accumulated
deficit of 299,257,917 as of December 31, 2022 and has incurred recurring operating losses. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter
communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Completeness of litigation and claims accruals

As disclosed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings. The Company assesses the need to make a provision or to disclose a contingent
liability on a case-by-case basis considering the underlying facts of each litigation. The eventual outcome of the litigations is uncertain
and estimation at the balance sheet date involves extensive judgement of management including input from legal counsel due to the complexity
of each litigation. 

Adverse outcomes could significantly impact the Company s
reported operations and balance sheet position. Considering the judgement involved in determining the need to make a provision or disclose
litigation, the matter is considered a Critical Audit Matter. 

Our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining
a list of litigation Company s management and legal counsel, identifying material litigations from the aforementioned list and performing
inquiries with the said counsel, obtaining and reading the underlying documents to assess the assumptions used by management in arriving
at the conclusions; circulating, obtaining, and reading legal confirmations from the Company s external legal counsels in respect
of material litigations and considered that in our assessment; and verifying the disclosures related to provisions and contingent liabilities
in the financial statements to assess consistency with underlying documents. 

Revenue recognition 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, management applies FASB Topic 606, Revenue from Contacts with Customers ASC 606 to recognize revenue. Management
recognizes revenue in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery of its services to customers in return for expected consideration.
The Company s revenue includes resale of purchased products through Amazon and also through IT services. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures over the full completion of revenue contracts and subsequent payment collections is a critical audit matter.
This in turn led to significant effort in performing our audit procedures which were designed to evaluate whether the contractual terms,
the timing of revenue recognition and the subsequent collections were appropriately identified and accounted for by management under ASC
606. 

Our audit procedures included, among others, understanding
of controls relating to management s revenue recognition process, examining transaction related documents, confirming revenues and
outstanding receivables at the balance sheet date with a sample of the customers. 

April 12, 2023 

Served as Auditor since 2022 

F- 3 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

ASSETS 
 
 December
31, 
 
 December
31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Current
Assets: 

Cash 

Cash
held in trust 

Marketable
equity security 

Accounts
Receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid 

Note
Receivable 

Inventory
in Transit 

Investment 

Other
receivable 

Total
current assets 

Total
assets 

LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
Liabilities: 

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses (including related parties of 
 and 

Accrued
settlement 

Unearned
revenue 

Contract
liabilities 

Convertible
notes payable, current, net of discount of 
 and 

Convertible
notes payable, related party, net of discount of 
 and 

Notes
payable, current, net of discount of 
 and 

Notes
payable, current, related party 

Due
to related party 

- 

Derivative
liability 

Total
current liabilities 

Convertible
note payable, noncurrent, net of discount of 
 and 

Note
payable, noncurrent 

Total
liabilities 

Contingencies
(Note 18) 

Stockholders 
Deficit: 

Series
B Preferred stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 

and 
 shares issued respectively 

Series
C Preferred stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 

and 
 shares issued and outstanding respectively 

Series
D Preferred stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 

and 
 shares issued and outstanding respectively 

Series
G Preferred stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 

and 
 shares issued and outstanding respectively 

Series
H Preferred stock, 
 par value 500 stated value); 
 shares authorized; 

and 
 shares issued and outstanding respectively 

Common
stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding respectively 

Treasury
stock, at cost; 
 shares respectively 

() 

() 
 
 Stock
loan receivable 

() 

() 
 
 Additional
paid in capital 

Accumulated
deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total
stockholders deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total
liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

Years
Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Sales 

Consulting
Income Related Party 

Total
sales 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Gross
Profit 

Operating
expenses: 

General
and administrative 

Marketing 

Professional 

Impairment
of assets 

Gain
on Bad Debt 

() 

Total
operating expenses 

Loss
from operations 

() 

() 
 
 Other
income (expense): 

Amortization
of debt discount 

() 

() 
 
 Change
in fair value of derivative liability 

() 
 
 Interest
expense and financing costs 

() 

() 
 
 Realized
gain (loss) on disposal of marketable equity security 

Gain
on RJW settlement 

Loss
on debt modification 

() 
 
 Change
in fair value of marketable securities 

() 

Other
income 

Total
other income (expense) 

() 
 
 Profit
(Loss) before income taxes 

() 
 
 Income
tax expense 

Profit
(Loss) from continuing operations 

() 
 
 Net
Income (Loss) 

() 
 
 Weighted
average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted

Net
Income (Loss) per share (basic and diluted): 

Basic 

() 
 
 Diluted 

() 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Total 

Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Loan 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity/ 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible debt
 and accrued interest 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for joint venture 

Fair value of beneficial conversion feature
 of converted 

Net income (loss) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common stock issued amount for conversion of debt and
 accrue interest 

Fair value of derivative liability due to conversions 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock issued for- Tokenize 

Equity Method Investment - Meta 

Cancelation of shares 

Net income (loss) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Excess of debt discount and financing costs 

Shares issued for services 

Loss on modification of debt 

Impairment of assets 

Realized gain on disposal of market equity security 

Loss on exchange of assets 

Change in fair value of market equity security 

Change on Settlement 

Payment of other income with marketable securities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivable 

Cash held in trust 

Prepaid 

Inventory 

Contract liabilities 

Unearned revenue 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Investment to GTX 

Investment to TGHI 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Issuance of convertible notes 

Issuance of note receivable 

Proceeds from sales of common stock 

Repayment of related party 

Repayment of convertible note 

Proceeds from related party 

Issuance of notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of Year 

Cash, end of Year 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities 

Debt discount related to convertible debt 

Reduction in derivative liability due to conversion 

Shares issued for conversion of convertible debt 

Transfer of marketable equity security to repay convertible note 

Share issuance for JV Metaverse 

Share issuance for JV Tokenize 

Transfer of accounts payable to convertible note 

Transfer of accrued interest to convertible note 

Cancellation of TTSG Shares 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
December 31, 2022 and 2021 

reverse stock split. The share and per share information has been retroactively restated to reflect this reverse stock
split. 

In July 2, 2022 the Company filed a preliminary information
statement to the stockholders of record (the Record Date in connection with certain actions to be taken by the written
consent by stockholders holding a majority of the voting stock of the Company, dated as of June 28, 2022. 

To
 amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation, (the Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value per share
 (the Common Stock ), of the Company from 2,000,000,000 shares to 
 shares. This action concluded on August 11, 2022: 

(i) authorize the Company s
 Board of Directors to effect, in its sole discretion, a reverse stock split of the Common Stock in a ratio of up to (the
 Reverse Stock Split ), and (ii) authorize the filing of an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
 to implement the Reverse Stock Split and any other action deemed necessary to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split, without further
 approval or authorization of stockholders, at any time prior to December 31, 2023. This action was not commenced by the Company s
 board. 

and has a working capital
deficit of as of December 31, 2022, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or obtain the necessary financing to meet its
obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management has plans to seek additional
capital through some private placement offerings of debt and equity securities. These plans, if successful, will mitigate the factors
which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These CFS do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result
from this uncertainty. 

t have any cash equivalents. 

as part of the SURG settlements
proceeds that needs to stay in escrow and restricted cash that the court on January 28, 2022 awarded the Company with injunction
against RWJ defendants, where all funds generating from resale should be deposited into GBT blocked account, and therefore RWJ defendants
cannot use these funds without court order, neither the Company. According to settlement agreement made on September 26, 2022, these funds
held in escrow and no longer restricted. The Company entered into the Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release RJW
Agreement by and between RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC, Robert Warren Jackson, Gregory Bauer (collectively the RJW Parties and W.L. Petrey Wholesale Company, Inc., Petrey on one hand; and GBT Technologies Inc., on behalf of itself and its agents
(collectively the GBT Parties ), on the other hand. The Company the RJW Agreement effective September 26, 2022 with final signatures
delivered to the Company on or about October 5, 2022. Among other agreements the parties agreed and stipulated to release all funds currently
being held in a blocked account of with 50 distributed to the RWJ Parties and 50 to the Company or its assignee. 

to be paid through the delivery of a promissory note payable to the Company
(the Note ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in the Note. At December 31, 2020, the
Company determined this note was not collectible and took an impairment charge of . During July 2021, MLH effected a payment
on the Note. During April 2022, MLH effected a second payment for additional on the Note exhausting the Note balance. 

Level 1 inputs to the valuation
 methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs to the valuation
 methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets
 in inactive markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially
 the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3 inputs to the valuation
 methodology use one or more unobservable inputs which are significant to the FV measurement. 

The Company analyzes all financial instruments with
features of both liabilities and equity under FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , and FASB ASC Topic 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging . 

For certain financial instruments, the carrying
amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and current liabilities, including convertible notes payable, each qualify as
a financial instrument, and are a reasonable estimate of their FV because of the short period of time between the origination
of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. 

The Company uses Level 2 inputs for its valuation
methodology for derivative liabilities as their FV were determined by using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model based on various assumptions.
The Company s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect FV at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the FV being
recorded in results of operations as adjustments to FV of derivatives. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company identified
the following liabilities that are required to be presented on the balance sheet at FV: 

Fair Value 
 
 Fair Value Measurements
at 

As of 
 
 December
31, 2021 
 
 Description 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Using Fair Value
Hierarchy 

Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Conversion
feature on convertible 
notes 

Determine the transaction price. The transaction price set to
be the listed price on the Amazon or eBay websites.; 

Allocation the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract.; and 

Recognize revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation.
Sales are being recognized upon shipment. 

and of unearned
revenue at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares
of common stock of TGHI in the FV of as
a onetime fee for the Company entering this Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement, which was booked
contract liabilities and amortized over the five-year term. The Company has yet to earn any royalty income in relation to
this agreement as of December 31, 2022. The contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and
 , respectively. 

no later than March 1, 2022 and issue Mahaser shares of the Company s restricted common
stock. The Company shall have no obligations to make any further payments to Mahaser. For any further extensions, the Company will have
the option to extend the RSA for annual payment of , which can be payable with the Company s shares of common stock payable
based on 20 days VWAP prior to issuance. On March 16, 2022 the parties entered into Amendment No. 1 to the to the RSA, where all
consideration to be paid or issued to Mahaser will be deferred until such time where the e-commerce platform generated in cumulative revenue
of 1,000,000. On March 31, 2022, the parties entered into Amendment No. 2 to the RSA, where Mahaser agreed to pay the Company 100 per
year for all revenue generated by and received by seller from the sales by Amazon within the United States of America as follows from
March 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The Company will be responsible for 100 of the cost of goods sold as well. In addition, the
Company is entitled to earn 100 revenues and cost of goods sold of the period from February 1, 2022 to February 28, 2022. 

The Company evaluated whether
it has a variable interest in Mahaser, whether Mahaser is a VIE and whether the Company has a controlling financial interest in Mahaser.
The Company concluded that it has variable interests in Mahaser on the basis of GBT has 100 control over the JV/revenue sharing, and
as such should consolidate the JV into its books and records as it assigned 100 financial responsibility. Mahaser s equity at risk,
as defined by GAAP, is considered to be insufficient to finance its activities without additional support, and, therefore, Mahaser is
considered a VIE. 

The following table summarizes
the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities of Mahaser included in the Company s consolidated balance sheets at December 31,
2022 (after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances): 

Inventory 

Due
 From related party 

Total
 current assets 

Liabilities
 of consolidated VIE included in the consolidated balance sheets above (after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances)
 consist of: 

Current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Statements
 of operations of consolidated VIE included in the consolidated statements of operations above (after elimination of intercompany
 transactions and balances) consist of: 

Statements of operations 

Sales 

Cost
 of goods sold 

Gross
 profit 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Net Loss 

Series C
 preferred stock 

Series H
 preferred stock 

Warrants 

Convertible
 notes 

Total 

shares
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Touchpoint Preferred from the Seller for .
The Touchpoint Preferred is convertible into shares
of common stock of Touchpoint. On February 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Intellectual Property License and Royalty
Agreement with TGHI pursuant to which the Company granted TGHI a worldwide license for its technologies for five
years in the domains of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence enabled mobile technologies pertaining to the
Company s digital currency technology (the Technology ). GBT will charge TGHI earned royalties based on
actual uses by TGHI of the Technology resulting from revenue attributable to the use, performance or other exploitation of
the Technology, to the extent applicable, after deducting any taxes that the Company may be required to collect, and
deducting any international sales, goods and services, value added taxes or similar taxes which the Company is required to
pay, if any, excluding deductions for taxes on the Company net income. TGHI agreed to issue the Company shares
of common stock of TGHI in the FV of as
a one-time fee for the Company entering this Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement, which was booked contract
liabilities and amortized over the five-year term. The Company has yet to earn any royalty income order to this agreement as
of December 31, 2022. 

TGHI converted the Touchpoint Preferred into shares
of common stock of Touchpoint on February 23, 2022 resulting in the Company owning shares of common stock of Touchpoint
in total FV of as of December 31, 2022 based on level 1 stock price in OTC markets. 

MetAlert -prior name GTX Corp 

On
April 12, 2022, GBT Tokenize Corp GBT Tokenize ), a Nevada corporation which the Company owns 50 of the outstanding shares
of common stock, entered into a series of agreements with GTX Corp GTX and various note holders of GTX pursuant to which
Tokenize acquired a convertible promissory note of GTX of (the
 GTX Notes ). In addition, GBT Tokenize acquired (GBT
acquired in
the original deal, where GTX to perform a corporate action of 1:65 reverse split on September 20, 2022) shares of common stock of GTX
for ,0 0 -
in total FV of 
 as
of December 31, 2022 based on level 1 stock price in OTC markets. 

The GTX Notes bear 10 interest and 50 of the principal
may be converted into shares of common stock on a one-time basis at a conversion price of per share. The remaining 50 of the
principal must be paid in cash. The closing occurred on April 12, 2022. 

GTX changed its name into Metalert Inc. on or about
September 20, 2022. 

On September 30, 2022, GBT Tokenize, loaned MetAlert
Inc., a Nevada corporation (f/k/a GTX Corp.) MetAlert . For such loan, MetAlert provided Tokenize a promissory
note of which is due and payable together with interest of upon the earlier of September 19, 2023 or when declared
by Tokenize. 

MetAlert
designs, manufactures and sells various interrelated and complementary products and services in the wearable technology and IoMT (Internet
of Medical Things) marketplace. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the notes had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of . 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
marketable security had a FV of and , respectively. 

to be paid through the issuance of 
shares of SURG s common stock (the SURG Common Stock and a convertible promissory note in favor of
the Company in the principmountount of 
(the SURG Note ), convertible into SURG s shares of common stock. On January 7, 2022, the Company received
payments from Surgepays Inc. (formerly known as Surge Holdings, Inc.) in total of 
pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement dated December 22, 2021. 

On June 23, 2020, SURG entered into an Exchange Agreement
(the AltCorp Exchange Agreement with AltCorp Trading LLC AltCorp with such AltCorp Exchange Agreement being
consented and agreed to by the Company, the parent of AltCorp. At the expiration of the lock-up period, in the event the VWAP for the
SURG Common Stock was, during the preceding twenty-day trading period, less than per share, AltCorp retained the right to reserve
additional shares of SURG Common Stock equal to the True-Up Value as defined in the AltCorp Exchange Agreement. 

On March 8, 2020, SURG filed a lawsuit against its
transfer agent from transferring millions of SURG stock that is currently in possession by the Company and assigned to Stanley Hills,
LLC. On January 1, 2021, SURG, AltCorp and Stanley Hills, LLC Stanley entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, SURG agreed to amend the AltCorp Exchange Agreement
where SURG acknowledged a debt of (the Debt to be paid in 33 monthly payments of payable in shares
of common stock of SURG at a per share price equal the volume weighted average price of Surg s common stock during the 10 trading
days immediately preceding the issuance. SURG paid in cash and by shares. The SURG common stock issued to Altcorp have
been pledged since August 12, 2020 for the benefit of Stanley to secure Stanley s note payable by the Company. Accordingly, the
SURG Common Stock issued to AltCorp as a result of the Settlement Agreement were pledged to Stanley. As of December 31, 2021 there were
no surge shares pledges after the final settlement signed on December 22, 2021 and that replaced all prior settlement agreement. The final
settlement SURG agreed to make total payments of to the Company s trust account on or prior to January 7, 2022. 

Subsequently, SURG was a party to two lawsuits in
state District Court, the Eighth Judicial District Court for Clark County, Nevada involving AltCorp, Stanley and Glen Eagles Acquisition
LP (the AltCorp Parties. ). Each of these lawsuits were ultimately disputes relating to the total consideration SURG was
to pay the Company under the APA. 

On October 18, 2021, the AltCorp Parties, the Company,
and SURG entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the MOU to set up a framework for an attempt to settle the two lawsuits. 

On December 22, 2021 (the Effective Date ),
pursuant to the framework in the MOU, the AltCorp Parties (and an additional third party), the Company, ECS, and SURG, Kevin Brian Cox
(SURG s Chief Executive Office - in his individual capacity, entered into a Resolution of Purchase, Mutual Release, and
Settlement Agreement (the Final Settlement Agreement to settle the two lawsuits and resolve all disputes related to the
consideration paid by SURG to the Company in connection with the APA. 

(F) The
 Final Settlement Agreement, among other resolutions, essentially provides the following:
 i) From the total consideration of the Final Settlement Agreement, the amount of 
 Escrow Amount will be deposited by SURG in escrow. SURG has acquired the
 Company s rights to a certain Master Distribution and Service Agreement MDA ).
 Under certain circumstances, if the result of the Company s lawsuit against a third
 party (the GBT Lawsuit is a monetary judgment without the assignment or legal
 decree of ownership of the MDA, the Company shall be entitled to receive the Escrow Amount
 and shall assign to SURG the first the Company recovers from the defendants in
 the GBT Lawsuit. In the event that the Company does not prevail in the GBT Lawsuit then it
 shall be entitled to release of the Escrow Amount but shall be responsible for any fees and
 costs obligation sought by the defendants in the GBT Lawsuit. 

(ii) 

(iii) Potential payments to third parties. 

The Final Settlement Agreement replaces all prior
agreements between the parties. In addition, within three (3) trading days of the last payment related to the million payment to
Stanley being made, the parties shall make filings with the state District Court in Clark County, Nevada to dismiss both lawsuits, including,
regarding the lawsuit filed by AltCorp Trading, LLC, the dismissal of the lawsuit as to VStock Transfer, LLC. The parties agreed to a
full mutual release of any disputes or claims between the parties. 

The final settlement of was received by
the Company in January 2022 and paid out to the third parties before December 31, 2022. 

As the Company committed to assign certain revenue
share agreement to SURG as part of the Company s settlement with RWJ Agreement, on October 5, 2022 and as cumulation of all settlement
agreements the Company issued a request to the SURG regarding release of certain escrow funds and the execution of an assignment of rights
as contemplated in the aforereferenced agreement. 

shares of GBT-CR representing 25 of its issued
and outstanding shares of common stock from Gonzalez for the issuance of shares of Series H Convertible Preferred
Stock of the Company and a Convertible Note in the principal amount of issued by the Company (the Gopher Convertible
Note as well as the transfer and assignment of a Promissory 

The Gopher Convertible
Note bears interest of 6 and is payable at maturity on December 31, 2021. At the election of Gonzalez, the Gopher Convertible
Note can be converted into a maximum of 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share
of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares
of common stock, into such number of shares of common stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per
share) by the conversion price 500 per share). The Series H Preferred
Stock has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the holder of Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock that the Series H Preferred Stock may be convertible into. Upon conversion of the Gopher
Convertible Note and the 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock, Gonzalez would be entitled to less than 50 of the resulting
outstanding shares of common stock of the Company following conversion in full and, as a result, such transaction is not considered
a change of control. 

On May 19, 2021, the
Company, entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment of Note Balance Principal and Accrued
Interest (the Gonzalez Agreement with third party, GBT-CR, IGOR 1 Corp and Gonzalez. Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement,
without any party admission of liability and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT Convertible Note
maturity date to December 31,2022, (ii) amend the GBT Convertible Note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 
and a modified conversion feature to the GBT Convertible Note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period
ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT Convertible
Note by Gonzalez to a third party. 

GBT-CR is in the business of the strategic management
of BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) digital communications processing for enterprises and startups, distributed ledger technology development,
AI development and fintech software development and applications. 

The Company accounted for its investment in GBT-CR
using the equity method of accounting; however, in 2020, the Company owned less than 20 after GBT-CR issued additional shares to other
investors therefore exercised no control over GBT-CR; therefore, this investment is currently accounted for under the cost method. Moreover,
on March 19, 2020, California Governor Gavin Newsom issued a stay-at-home order to protect the health and well-being of all Californians
and to establish consistency across the state in order to slow the spread of COVID-19. California was therefore under strict quarantine
control and travel has been severely restricted, resulting in disruptions to work, communications, and access to files (due to limited
access to facilities). The stay-at-home order was lifted in California only on January 25, 2021. As such, the Company was unable to access
or to contact GBT-CR on an on-going basis, and cannot get information about GBT-CR. 

Investment in Joint Venture 

On March 6, 2020, the Company through Greenwich, entered
into a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize-It, S.A. Tokenize ),
which is owned by a Costa Rica Trust represented by Pablo Gonzalez Gonzalez ). Gonzalez also represents Gonzalez Costa Rica
Trust, which holds a note in the principal amount of 10,000,000 and is also a shareholder of the Company. Under the Tokenize Agreement,
the parties formed GBT Tokenize Corp., a Nevada corporation GBT Tokenize ). The purpose of GBT Tokenize is to develop, maintain
and support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking, radio technologies, AI
core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process outsourcing development
services, customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound and outbound calls
solutions, as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ), throughout
the State of California. Upon generating any revenue from the Technology Portfolio, the Joint Venture will earn the first right of refusal
for other territories. 

The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize
and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Tokenize to secure its Technology Portfolio investment. The Company shall appoint two directors
and Tokenize shall appoint one director of GBT Tokenize. 

Tokenize shall contribute the services and resources
for the development of the Technology Portfolio to GBT Tokenize. The Company shall contribute shares of common stock of the
Company GBT Shares to GBT Tokenize. Tokenize and the Company will each own 50 of GBT Tokenize. The shares were valued
at . 

In addition, GBT Tokenize and Gonzalez
entered into a Consulting Agreement in which Gonzalez is engaged to provide services for 
per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the
Company s 10-day VWAP. Gonzalez will provide services in connection with the development of the business as well as GBT
Tokenize s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement is two years. During year ended December 31,
2021, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of 
to Stanley Hills in a private transaction that the Company is not part to. The closing of the Tokenize Agreement occurred on
March 9, 2020. 

Through this Joint Venture the parties commenced development
of an intelligent human vital signs device, which we currently refer to as the qTerm. The platform is an expansion of the existing
license agreement with GBT Tokenize Corp., which provided GBT Tokenize Corp. with an exclusive territory of California to develop certain
of the Company s technology. As the nature of the platform cannot be restricted only to California, the Company s joint venture
GBT Tokenize Corp. will be compensated with additional two hundred million shares of the Company to strengthen its funding, subject to
board approval. A provisional patent application for the qTerm Medical Device was filed on March 30, 2020 with the USPTO. The application
has been assigned serial number 63001564. The Joint Venture completed successfully the first prototype. There is no guarantee that the
Company will be successful in researching, developing or implementing this product into the market. In order to successfully implement
this concept, the Company will need to raise adequate capital to support its research and, if successfully researched, developed and granted
regulatory approval, the Company would need to enter into a strategic relationship with a third party that has experience in manufacturing,
selling and distributing this product. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in any or all of these critical steps. 

On May 28, 2021, the parties agreed to amend the Tokenize
Agreement to expand territory granted for the Technology Portfolio under the license to GBT Tokenize to include the entire continental
United States. The Company has further agreed to issue GBT Tokenize an additional shares of common stock of the Company. The
shares were valued at . 

At March 31, 2020, the Company evaluated the carrying
amount of this joint venture investment and determined that this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment charge of
 was taken. At December 31, 2021, the Company evaluated the carrying amount of this joint venture investment and determined
that this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment charge of was taken. 

Although the investment was impaired, the product
development is still ongoing. The carrying amount of this investment at December 31, 2022 and December 2021, was and , respectively. 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Other 

Total 

in connection
with an intellectual property license and royalty agreement. The Company has and of unearned revenue at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Convertible
 notes payable to 1800 

Convertible
 notes payable to Redstart Holdings 

Total convertible
 notes payable, non related parties 

Unamortized
 debt discount 

Convertible
 notes payable non related parties 

Less
 current portion 

Convertible
 notes payable non related parties, long-term portion 

10,000,000 for GBT Technologies S. A. acquisition 

In accordance with the acquisition
of GBT-CR the Company issued a convertible note in the principal amount of . The convertible note bears interest of 6 and is payable at maturity on . At the election of the holder, the convertible note can be converted into
a maximum of shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option
of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such number of shares of common stock
of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per share) by the conversion price per share). This convertible
note may convert into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest trading price with a
20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion and therefore recorded as derivative liability (see note 12). 

On May 19, 2021, the Company,
Gonzalez, GBT-CR and IGOR 1 Corp entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment of outstanding balance
plus accrued interest (the Gonzalez Agreement ). Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement, without any party admission of liability
and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT convertible note maturity date to December 31, 2022, (ii) amend
the GBT convertible note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 and a modified conversion feature to the GBT convertible
note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion
date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT convertible note by Gonzalez to a third party. As a result of the change in terms
of this convertible note, the Company took a charge related to the modification of debt of during the year ended December
31, 2021. This convertible note is recorded as derivative liability because of the discounted price on conversion (see note 13). 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, (See Note7). 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, 

As of December 31, 2022,
the note had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of . 

Redstart Holdings Corp. 

Paid Off Notes/Converted
Notes 

On August 4,
2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart Holdings Corp., an accredited investor Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart
Note No. 1 of for
 .
The Redstart Note No. 1 had a maturity date of and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the
Redstart Note No. 1 at the rate of 
from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 1 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and
payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay
the Redstart Note No. 1, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No.
1. The transactions described above closed on August 5, 2020. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 1 may
not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the
180 th day, Redstart may convert the Redstart Note No. 1 into shares of the Company s common
stock to 85 of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since
the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with
this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an
Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 1), the Redstart Note No. 1 shall become immediately due and payable
and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in
the Redstart Note No. 1. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Note No. 1 of plus
accrued interest was converted into shares
of common stock. 

On September 15,
2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart
a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart Note No. 2 of 
for .
The Redstart Note No. 2 had a maturity date of and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the
Redstart Note No. 2 at the rate of 
 from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 2 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due
and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to
prepay the Redstart Note No. 2, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart
Note No. 2. The transactions described above closed on September 16, 2020. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart
Note No. 2 may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date.
Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert the Redstart Note No. 2 into shares of the
Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back
immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price,
the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the
occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 2), the Redstart Note No.
2 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations
hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 2. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire
amount of Note No. 2 of plus
accrued interest was converted into shares
of common stock. 

On December 9, 2020, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the
 Redstart Note No. 3 of 100,200 for 83,500. The Redstart Note No. 3 had a maturity date of December 9, 2021 and the Company had agreed to pay interest on
the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 3 at the rate of 6 from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 3 is issued (the Issue
Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The
Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 3, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart
as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 3. The transactions described above closed on December 11, 2020. The outstanding principal
amount of the Redstart Note No. 3 may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the
Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert the Redstart Note No. 3 into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date
of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature
associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 3), the Redstart Note No. 3 shall become immediately due and payable
and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the
Redstart Note No. 3. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Note No. 3 of 100,200 plus accrued interest was converted into 135,582 shares of common stock. 

On February 10, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart Note
No. 4) of for a purchase price of . The Redstart Note No. 4 had a maturity date
of and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 4 at
the rate of from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 4 is issued (the Issue Date until the
same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right
to prepay the Redstart Note No. 4, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No.
4. The transactions described above closed on February 10, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 4 may not be
converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day,
Redstart may convert the Redstart Note No. 4 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal
to 85 of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will
vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative
liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 4),
the Redstart Note No. 4 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations
hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 4. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Redstart
Note No. 4 of plus accrued interest was converted into shares of common stock. 

On March 15, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart Note
No. 5 of for . The Redstart Note No. 5 had a maturity date
of June 15, 2022 and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 5 at the
rate of from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 5 is issued (the Issue Date until the same
becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay
the Redstart Note No. 5, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 5. The transactions
described above closed on March 17, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 5 may not be converted prior to the
period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert
the Redstart Note No. 5 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest
trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the
Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. In
addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 5), the Redstart
Note No. 5 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder,
additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 5. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Redstart Note
No. 5 of plus accrued interest was converted into shares of common stock. 

On May 26, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart Note
No. 6 of 106,200 for 88,500. The Redstart Note No. 6 had a maturity date
of August 26, 2022 and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 6 at
the rate of from the date on which the Redstart Note No. 6 is issued (the Issue Date until the
same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right
to prepay the Redstart Note No. 6, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No.
6. The transactions described above closed on May 28, 2021. The outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 6 may not be converted
prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart
may convert the Redstart Note No. 6 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 
of the lowest trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary
based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative
liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 6),
the Redstart Note No. 6 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations
hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 6. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the entire amount of Redstart
Note No. 5 of 106,200 plus accrued interest was fully repaid in total cash of . 

On September 21, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Redstart pursuant
to which the Company issued to Redstart a Convertible Promissory Note (the Redstart Note No. 7 of for
 203,750. The Redstart Note No. 7 had a maturity date of and
the Company agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Redstart Note No. 7 at 2.5 from the date on which the Redstart
Note No. 7 is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration
or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the Redstart Note No. 7, provided it makes a payment including
a prepayment to Redstart as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 7. The transactions described above closed on September 28, 2021. The
outstanding principal amount of the Redstart Note No. 7 may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days
following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day, Redstart may convert
the Redstart Note No. 7 into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest
trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion price will vary based on the
Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability.
In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Redstart Note No. 7), the Redstart
Note No. 7 shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Redstart, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder,
additional amounts as set forth in the Redstart Note No. 7. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Redstart converted the entire note
into shares of the Company s common stock. 

Iliad Research and Trading,
L.P. 

On February 27,
2019, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with a third-party invest r - Iliad Research and Trading,
L.P.( Iliad ), pursuant to which the Company issued a promissory note for the original principal amount of
 2,325,000. The promissory note had an original issue discount of and
the inventor paid to
the Company, of which was
paid for legal expenses. The outstanding balance of the promissory note is to be paid on the one-year anniversary of the
issuance of the note. Interest on the note accrues at the rate of 10 compounding daily. Subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the note, the Company may prepay all or any portion of the outstanding balance of the note at any time in an
amount in cash equal to 120 of the amount repaid. In connection with transactions that generate less than 1,000,000 in
proceeds, the Company had agreed to not issue any debt instrument or incurrence of any debt other than trade payables in the
ordinary course of business, any securities or agreements to sell common stock with anti-dilution or price reset/reduction
features or any securities that are or may be become convertible or exercisable into common stock with a price that varies
with the market price of the common stock (collectively, Restricted Issuance Transaction ). The outstanding
balance of the Note will be increased by 5 in the event the Company enters into a Restricted Issuance Transaction that is
approved by Iliad. The original issue discount is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the promissory
note. 

On February
27, 2020, the Company and Iliad entered into an Amendment to the Iliad Note pursuant to which the maturity date of the Iliad
Note was extended to August 27, 2020, provided that the Debt may be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at
a conversion price equal to 80 multiplied by the lowest trading daily VWAP for the common stock during the 20 trading
day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date, provided for the payment by the Company
to Iliad of an extension fee equal to 7.5 of the outstanding balance of the Iliad Note resulting in a new balance of the
Iliad Note of 2,765,983 and provided that the Company s failure to deliver shares of common stock within three trading
days of a conversion would result in an event of default. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s
stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability.
Iliad agreed to restrict its ability to convert the Iliad Note and receive shares of common stock such that the number
of shares of common stock held by it and its affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not
exceed 9.99 of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. On July 20, 2020 the Company and Iliad entered into
agreement to extend the maturity of the Iliad Note until February 27, 2021 for an extension fee of .
On February 28, 2021 the Company and Iliad entered into agreement to further extend the maturity of the Iliad Note until
May 31, 2021 for an extension fee of 1,000 representing the third extension of the original note. On May 19, 2021, the
Company and Iliad entered into agreement to further extend the maturity of the Iliad Note until August 31, 2021 for an
extension fee of 1,000 representing the fourth extension of the original note. On August 20, 2021, the Company and Iliad
entered into agreement to further extend the maturity of the Iliad Note until December 31, 2021 for an extension fee of
 .
During the year ended December 31, 2021, Iliad converted 2,508,737 of its convertible note into shares
of the Company s common stock. The balance of the Iliad debt at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and
 ,
respectively. 

Sixth Street Lending LLC
 named changed - 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC - First Note 

On November 8, 2021, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Sixth Street Lending LLC Sixth Street pursuant to which the
Company issued to Sixth Street a Convertible Promissory Note (the Sixth Street Note of for . The
Sixth Street Note had a maturity date of and the Company agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance
of the note at from the date on which the note is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable,
whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the note, provided
it makes a payment including a prepayment to Sixth Street as set forth in the Sixth Street Note. The outstanding principal amount of the
note may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day,
Sixth Street may convert the note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of
the average of the two lowest trading prices with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. Since the conversion
price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for
as a derivative liability. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the Sixth
Street Note), the note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to Sixth Street, in full satisfaction of its
obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the Sixth Street Note. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Sixth Street
converted the entire note into shares of the Company s common stock. 

Outstanding Notes 

Sixth Street Lending LLC
 named changed - 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC - Second Note 

On May 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL ), pursuant to which the Company issued to
DL a Convertible Promissory Note (the DL Note of for . The DL Note had a maturity date of and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at from the date on which
the DL Note is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration
or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL Note at any time from the Issue Date and continuing through
180 days following the Issue Date, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment premium to DL as set forth in the DL Note. The transactions
described above funded on May 9, 2022. 

The outstanding principal amount of the DL Note may
not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day,
DL may convert the DL Note into shares of the Company s common stock at
a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period immediately preceding the date of conversion.
In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become
immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as
set forth in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company
common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

Unless the Company shall have first delivered to DL,
at least 48 hours prior to the closing of any equity (or debt with an equity component) financing in an amount less than 150,000 Future
Offering ), written notice describing the proposed Future Offering and providing the Buyer an option during the 48 hour period following
delivery of such notice to DL the securities being offered in the Future Offering on the same terms as contemplated by such Future Offering
then the Company is restricted from conducting the Future Offering during the period beginning on the Issue Date and ending nine months
following the Issue Date. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 

As of December 31, 2022,
the note had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of . 

Sixth Street Lending LLC
 named changed - 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC - Third Note 

On September 13, 2022, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (dated September 9, 2022) with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL pursuant
to which the Company issued to DL a Promissory Note (the DL Note of with
an original issue discount of 12,450 resulting in net proceeds of the Company of . The DL Note had a maturity date of and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at the rate of 12.0 
from the date on which the DL Note is issued (the Issue Date ). A one-time interest charge of or was
applied on the Issue Date to the principal amount owed under the DL Note. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject
to adjustment, shall be paid in ten payments of 13,014.40 resulting in a total payback to DL of 130,144. The first
payment is due October 30, 2022 with nine subsequent payments each month thereafter. The Company shall have a five-day grace period with
respect to each payment. The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. This DL
Note shall not be secured by any collateral or any assets of the Company. The outstanding principal amount of the DL Note may not be converted
into the Company common shares except in the event of default. In the event of default on the DL Note, DL may convert the DL Note into
shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 
of the lowest trading price with a 10-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and
during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become immediately due and payable and the
Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Note. In no event
shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned
by DL and its affiliates would exceed of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
company paid back to 1800 Diagonal lending. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the note had an outstanding balance of and an interest of . 

As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the nonrelated party convertible notes had total outstanding balance of and , net of
debt discount, and accrued interest of and , respectively. 

Convertible notes payable related parties at December 31, 2022
and 2021 consist of the following: 

Unamortized
 debt discount 

Convertible
 notes payable, net, related party 

Less
 current portion 

Convertible
 notes payable, net, related party, long-term portion 

Stanley Hills LLC 

The
Company entered into a series of loan agreements with Stanley Hills LLC Stanley pursuant to which it received
more than 
in loans (the Debt from May 2019 up to December 2019. On February 26, 2020, in order to induce Stanley
to continue to provide funding, the Company and Stanley entered into a letter agreement providing that the current note
payable balance due to Stanley of may
be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 85 multiplied by the lowest
one trading price for the common stock during the 20-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to
the conversion date. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial
conversion feature associated with this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. Stanley had agreed to restrict
its ability to convert the Debt and receive shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held
by it and its affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not exceed 4.99 of the then issued
and outstanding shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley converted of
its convertible note plus interest into shares
of the Company s common stock, and during the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley loaned the Company an
additional .
Also, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company transferred the SURG shares received as repayment of of
this convertible note (See Note 10) and also converted 
of accrued interest into the principal balance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Gonzalez assigned all his
accrued balances of to
Stanley in a private transaction that the Company is not part to (See Note 10). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the
principal balance of Stanley debt is 
and 
respectively. The unpaid interest of the Stanley debt at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 ,
respectively. The Stanley debt is secured via a pledge agreement on the SURG shares. 

Discounts on convertible notes 

The Company recognized interest expense of 
and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the amortization of the debt discount on convertible
notes. The unamortized debt discount at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

A roll-forward of the convertible notes payable from
December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2022 is below: 

Issued
 for cash 

Convertible
 note issued for accounts payable 

Accrued
 interest added to convertible note 

Payment
 with marketable securities 

Payment
 with cash 

Original
 issue discount 

Conversion
 to common stock 

Debt
 discount related to new convertible notes 

Amortization
 of debt discounts 

Convertible
 notes payable, December 31, 2021 

Issued
 for cash 

Payment
 with cash 

Original
 issue discount 

Conversion
 to common stock 

Debt
 discount related to new convertible notes 

Amortization
 of debt discounts 

Convertible
 notes payable, December 31, 2022 

SBA
 loan 

Total notes
 payable 

Unamortized
 debt discount 

Notes payable 

Less
 current portion 

Notes
 payable, long-term portion 

RWJ Acquisition Note 

In connection with the acquisition of RWJ in September
2017, the Company issued a note payable. The note accrues interest at , was due on December 31, 2019 and is secured by the
assets purchased in the acquisition. The Company contests the validity of the note, as such the note has not been repaid as of December
31, 2021. The balance of the note at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and plus accrued interest of and , respectively. 

SBA Loan 

On June 22, 2020, the Company received a loan from
the Small Business Administration under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program related to the COVID-19 relief efforts. The loan bears
interest at , requires monthly principal and interest payments of after 12 months from funding and is due years
from the date of issuance. The monthly payments have been extended by the SBA to all EIDL borrowers with additional 12 months. Monthly
payments will be commenced on or around June 16, 2022. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered an Amended Loan Authorization and Agreement
with the SBA providing for the modification of the Original Note providing for monthly principal and interest payments of after 24 months
from the Original Note commencing on or around June 22, 2022. On March 17, 2022 the SBA notified it deferred the payments to
all COVID-19 EIDL loans will have the first payment due extended from 24-months to 30-months from the date of the note. The Modified
Note will continue to bear interest at and is due 30 years from the date of issuance of the Original Note. The Modified
Note is guaranteed by Douglas Davis, the former CEO of the Company and current consultant, as well as by GBT Tokenize Corp. The additional
funding of was received by the Company on October 5, 2021. The balance of the note at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
and plus accrued interest of and , respectively. 

Notes payable, related party at December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021 consist of the following: 

Total notes
 payable, related party 

Unamortized
 debt discount 

Notes payable,
 net, related party 

Less
 current portion 

Notes
 payable, net, related party, long-term portion 

Alpha Eda 

On November 15, 2020, the Company issued
a promissory note to Alpha Eda, LLC Alpha ), a related party for 140,000. The note accrues interest
at 10 , is unsecured and was due on September 30, 2021. On June 20, 2021 Alpha and the Company extended the note
maturity to December 31, 2021. The balance of the note at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 
plus accrued interest of 
and ,
respectively. 

Discounts on Promissory Note 

The Company recognized interest expense of and
 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the amortization of the debt discount on promissory
notes. The unamortized debt discount at December 31, 2021 and 2020 was . 

Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture, on December 23, 2019, in the pending arbitration between the Company
and the Investor, an Interim Award was entered in favor of the Investor. On January 31, 2020, the Company was informed that a final award
was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms that certain sections of the Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible
Debenture (the Debenture constitute unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and were stricken. Further, it was
determined that the Investor was entitled to recovery of their attorney s fees. Consequently, the arbitrator awarded Investor an
award of plus interest of accrued from May 15, 2019 (presented separately in accounts payable and accrued expenses)
and costs of . (See Note 17). In connection with this settlement, the Company recognized a gain on the settlement
of debt of in 2019 as the difference between the carrying amount of the debt and the amount awarded by the arbitrator
(See Note 17). The Company recorded accrued settlement of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 

Risk free rate 

- 

Volatility 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion/ Exercise price 

Dividend rate 

The following table represents the Company s
derivative liability activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Fair
 value of beneficial conversion feature of debt converted 

Change
 in derivative liability during the period 

Derivative
 liability balance, December 31, 2020 

Debt
 modification 

Issuance
 of derivative liability during the period 

Fair
 value of beneficial conversion feature of debt converted 

Change
 in derivative liability during the period 

Derivative
 liability balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance
 of derivative liability during the period 

Fair
 value of beneficial conversion feature of debt converted 

Change
 in derivative liability during the period 

Derivative
 liability balance, December 31, 2022 

per share (the Common Stock ), of the Company from shares to 10,000,000,000 shares. This action concluded on August 11, 2022. 

(i) authorize the Company s Board of Directors to effect, in its sole discretion, a reverse stock split of the Common Stock in a ratio of up to (the Reverse Stock Split ), and (ii) authorize the filing of an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to implement the Reverse Stock Split and any other action deemed necessary to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split, without further approval or authorization of stockholders, at any time prior to December 31, 2023. This action was not commenced yet by the Company s board. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had the following transactions in its common stock: 

Of Shares issued 
for cash of ;
and 

Of Shares issued 
for the conversion of convertible notes of and accrued interest of ; and 

cancelled for services rendered 

Of 
Shares issued to GBT Tokenize for certain joint venture agreement between Magic International Argentina FC, S.L. and the
Company. The value of the shares of was
determined based on the FV of the Company s common stock; and 

Of 500,000,000
Shares issued to Metaverse for certain equity method investment. The value of the shares of 5,000 was determined based
on the FV of the Company s common stock; and 

Series B Preferred Shares 

The Series B Preferred Stock has a stated value of
 100 per share and is convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share representing 30 posts
split common shares. Furthermore, the Series B Preferred Stock votes on an as converted basis and carries standard anti-dilution rights.
These rights were subsequently removed, except in cases of stock dividends or splits. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
Series B Preferred Shares outstanding. 

Series C Preferred Shares 

Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible,
at the option of GV, into such number of shares of common stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value (as defined
below) by the Conversion Price (as defined below). The Conversion Price for each share is equal to a 50 discount to the average
of the lowest three lowest closing bid prices of the Company s common stock during the 10-day trading period prior to the
conversion with a minimum conversion price of 0.02. The stated value is 11 per share (the Stated Value ). The Series
C Preferred Stock has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to one vote for each share of common stock that the Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible into. GV has contractually
agreed to restrict its ability to convert the Series C Preferred Stock and receive shares of the Company s common stock such
that the number of shares of the Company s common stock held by it and its affiliates after such conversion does not exceed
4.9 of the then issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, GV owns 700
Series C Preferred Shares. 

The issuance of the Series
C Preferred Stock was made in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act
of 1933 and Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D thereunder. GV is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Series
C Preferred Shares outstanding. 

Series D Preferred Shares 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are and
 shares of Series D Preferred Shares outstanding, respectively. 

Series G Preferred Shares 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are and
 shares of Series G Preferred Shares outstanding, respectively. 

Series H Preferred Shares 

On June 17, 2019, the Company, AltCorp Trading LLC,
a Costa Rica company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company AltCorp ), GBT Technologies, S.A., a Costa Rica company GBT-CR and Pablo Gonzalez, a shareholder s representative of GBT-CR Gonzalez ), entered into and closed
an Exchange Agreement (the GBT Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the parties exchanged certain securities. In accordance
with the Exchange Agreement, AltCorp acquired shares of GBT-CR representing 25 of its issued and outstanding shares of common
stock from Gonzalez for the issuance of shares of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company and a Convertible
Note of issued by the Company (the Gopher Convertible Note as well as additional consideration.
The Gopher Convertible Note bears interest of 6 and is payable at maturity on . At the election of Gonzalez,
the Gopher Convertible Note can be converted into a maximum of 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred
Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such
number of shares of common stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value per share) by the conversion price 10
per share). The Series H Preferred Stock has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the holder of Series H Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to one vote for each share of common stock that the Series H Preferred Stock may be convertible into. On July 8,
2019, the Company entered a Consulting Agreement with Glen Eagles Glen Eagles Acquisition LP Glen as consultant to provide
services in connection with the Company s acquisition of 25 of GBT-CR. Consultant will provide analysis, interaction with related
professional and other services as requested by the Company to integrate and expand capabilities between GBT-CR and the Company. (See
Note 14 for further details.) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are 
shares of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding. 

Warrants 

The following is a summary of warrant activity. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding,
December 31, 2022 

Exercisable,
December 31, 2022 

The exercise price for warrant outstanding and exercisable
at December 31, 2022: 

Equity Purchase Agreement
and Registration Rights Agreement 

On December 17,
2021 (the Effective Date ), GBT Technologies Inc. (the Company entered into an equity financing
agreement (the Equity Financing Agreement and a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement with GHS Investments LLC GHS ), pursuant to which GHS shall purchase from the Company, up to
that number of shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares for ,
subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement from time to time over the course
of 24 months after an effective registration of the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, is declared effective by the SEC (the Contract
Period ). 

The Equity Financing Agreement
grants the Company the right, from time to time at its sole discretion (subject to certain conditions) during the Contract Period, to
direct GHS to purchase shares of Common Stock on any business day (a Put ), provided that at least ten trading days has passed
since the most recent Put. The purchase price of the shares of Common Stock contained in a Put will be 90 of the lowest daily volume
weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company s Common Stock during the ten consecutive trading days preceding the receipt by GHS
of the applicable Put notice. Such sales of Common Stock by the Company, if any, may occur from time to time, at the Company s option,
during the Contract Period. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Equity Financing Agreement, on each Put
the Company will deliver an number of Shares equaling 110 of the dollar amount of each Put. The maximum dollar amount of each Put will
not exceed 200 of the average daily trading dollar volume for the Company s Common Stock during the ten trading days preceding
the Trading Day that GHS receives a Put. No Put will be made in an amount equaling less than 10,000 or greater than 500,000. Puts are
further limited to GHS owning no more than 4.99 of the outstanding stock of the Company at any given time. The Equity Financing Agreement
and the Registration Rights Agreement contain customary representations, obligations, rights, warranties, agreements and conditions of
the parties. The Equity Financing Agreement terminates upon any of the following events: when GHS has purchased 10,000,000
in the Common Stock of the Company pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement; on the date that is 24 calendar months from the date the
Equity Financing Agreement was executed. 

Actual sales of shares of
Common Stock to GHS under the Equity Financing Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time
to time, including, among others, market conditions, the trading price of the Common Stock and determinations by the Company as to the
appropriate sources of funding for the Company and its operations. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company did not receive any proceeds from the equity purchase agreement. 

Total
deferred income tax asset 

Less:
valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Total
deferred income tax asset 

The valuation allowance increased by and
 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as a result of the Company generating additional net operating losses. The Company s net
operating loss carryforward of approximately begin to expire in 2025. 

No income tax expense reflected in the consolidated
statements of income for the years 2022 and 2021. 

The reconciliation of the effective income tax rate to the federal statutory
rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

() 

State
income taxes 

() 

Permanent
differences 

() 

- 

- 

Valuation
allowance against net deferred tax assets 

- 

Effective
rate 

The Company periodically evaluates the likelihood
of the realization of deferred tax assets, and adjusts the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by the valuation allowance to the
extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets is not judged to be more likely than not. The Company considers many factors
when assessing the likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience by
taxing jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income or loss, the carryforward periods available to the Company for tax reporting
purposes, and other relevant factors. 

Future changes in the unrecognized tax benefit will
have no impact on the effective tax rate due to the existence of the valuation allowance. The Company estimates that the unrecognized
tax benefit will not change significantly within the next twelve months. The Company will continue to classify income tax penalties and
interest as part of general and administrative expense in its consolidated statements of operations. There were no interest or penalties
accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and a bonus of 10 of net profit generated by the assets acquired. Mr. Bauer was also appointed to the Board of Directors of
the Company. As of the closing date, Mr. Murray resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company but will remain as a
director of the Company. Mr. Bauer, since 2004 through present, has served as executive director with W.L. Petrey Wholesale,
Inc. where he was in charge of the UGO/Preway operations. The Company is in litigations in connection with RWJ transaction
 See Note 18 - Contingencies. 

On January 1, 2019, the Company and Douglas Davis
entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Davis was retained as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Davis
served as Interim Chief Executive Officer since July 2018 until his resignation on April 11, 2020. The term of Mr. Davis employment
was for two years through January 1, 2021. Mr. Davis was entitled to an annual base salary of , which was to be increased to 
upon the Company up-listing to a national exchange. Mr. Davis was also entitled to the issuance of Stock Options to acquire
of shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable for five years, subject to vesting. 

On October 10, 2019, the Company entered
into a Joint Venture Agreement (the BitSpeed Agreement with BitSpeed LLC, which is owned by Douglas Davis, the
Company s Chief Executive Officer, to form GBT BitSpeed Corp., a Nevada company GBT BitSpeed ). The
purpose of GBT BitSpeed is to develop, maintain and support its proprietary Extreme Transfer Software Application
Concurrency, a software application to transfer secure, accelerated transmission of large file data over networks, and
connection to cloud storage, Network-Attached Storage (NAS) and Storage Area Networks (SANs) Concurrency ).
BitSpeed shall contribute the services and resources for the development of Concurrency to GBT BitSpeed. The Company shall
contribute 10 million shares of common stock (valued at 17,900,000) of the Company to GBT BitSpeed. BitSpeed and the Company
will each own 50 of GBT BitSpeed. The Company shall appoint two directors and BitSpeed shall appoint one director of GBT
BitSpeed. In addition, GBT BitSpeed and Mr. Davis entered into a Consulting Agreement in which Mr. Davis is engaged to
provide services for 10,000 per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common stock calculated by the
amount owed divided by the Company s 20-day VWAP. Mr. Davis will provide services in connection with the development of
the business as well as GBT BitSpeed s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement is two years. The
closing of the BitSpeed Agreement occurred on October 14, 2019. On April 11, 2020, Douglas Davis resigned as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company so that he may fully devote all of his efforts to GBT Tokenize Corp., the Company s joint
venture, which intends to develop a new product. Mr. Davis resignation was not the result of any disagreements with
management or board of directors of the Company. 

On March 6, 2020, the Company through
Greenwich, entered into the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize, which is owned by a Costa Rica Trust represented by Gonzalez.
Gonzalez also represents Gonzalez Costa Rica Trust, which holds a note of 
and is also a shareholder of the Company. Under the Tokenize Agreement, the parties formed GBT Tokenize. The purpose of GBT
Tokenize is to develop Technology Portfolio, throughout the State of California. Upon generating any revenue from the
Technology Portfolio, the Joint Venture will earn the first right of refusal for other territories. Tokenize shall contribute
the services and resources for the development of the Technology Portfolio to GBT Tokenize. The Company contributed 
GBT Shares to GBT Tokenize. Tokenize and the Company will each own 50 of GBT Tokenize. The Company pledged its 50 
ownership in GBT Tokenize and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Tokenize to secure its Technology Portfolio investment. The
Company shall appoint two directors and Tokenize shall appoint one director of GBT Tokenize. In addition, GBT Tokenize and
Gonzalez entered into a Consulting Agreement in which Gonzalez is engaged to provide services for .33
per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the
Company s 10-day VWAP. Gonzalez will provide services in connection with the development of the business as well as GBT
Tokenize s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement is two years. The closing of the Tokenize
Agreement occurred on March 9, 2020. Via this Joint Venture the parties commenced development of a development of an
intelligent human vital signs device, suggested named qTerm. 

The platform is an expansion of the existing license
agreement with GBT Tokenize Corp., which provided GBT Tokenize Corp. with an exclusive territory of California to develop certain of the
Company s technology. As the nature of the platform cannot be restricted only to California, the Company s joint venture GBT
Tokenize Corp. will be compensated with additional two hundred million shares of the Company to strengthen its funding, subject to board
approval. A provisional patent application for the qTerm Medical Device was filed on March 30, 2020 with the USPTO. The application
has been assigned serial number 63001564. The Joint Venture completed successfully the first prototype. There is no guarantee that the
Company will be successful in researching, developing or implementing this product into the market. In order to successfully implement
this concept, the Company will need to raise adequate capital to support its research and, if successfully researched, developed and granted
regulatory approval, the Company would need to enter into a strategic relationship with a third party that has experience in manufacturing,
selling and distributing this product. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in any or all of these critical steps. 

Yello Partners Inc. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has
 and owed to Yello Partners, Inc., a Company owned by the CEO. 

Alpha Eda Note Payable Related Party 

On November 15, 2020, the Company issued
a promissory note to Alpha Eda, LLC Alpha ), a related party, for .
The note accrues interest at ,
is unsecured and was due on . On June 20, 2021 Alpha and the Company extended the note maturity to . The balance of the note at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and
 
plus accrued interest of 
and ,
respectively. 

Stanley Hills LLC Convertible
Note Payable Related Party 

The Company entered into
a series of loan agreements with Stanley Hills LLC Stanley pursuant to which it received more than in loans
(the Debt from May 2019 up to December 2019. On February 26, 2020, in order to induce Stanley to continue to provide funding,
the Company and Stanley entered into a letter agreement providing that the current note payable balance due to Stanley of
 may be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 85 multiplied by the lowest
one trading price for the common stock during the 20-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion
date. Since the conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with
this note is accounted for as a derivative liability. Stanley had agreed to restrict its ability to convert the Debt and receive
shares of common stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by it and its affiliates after such conversion or
exercise does not exceed 4.99 of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley
converted of its convertible note plus interest into shares of the Company s common stock, and
during the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley loaned the Company an additional . Also, during the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company transferred the SURG shares received as repayment of of this convertible note (See Note 10) and converted 
of accrued interest into the principal balance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of
 to Stanley in a private transaction that the Company is not part to (See Note 10). The balance of the Stanley convertible
note payable at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The Stanley debt is secured via
a pledge agreement on the SURG shares. 

Stanley Hills LLC Accounts
Payable Related Party 

On March 8, 2020, SURG filed a lawsuit against its
transfer agent, Vstock from transferring millions of SURG stock that is currently in possession by the Company and assigned to Stanley
Hills, LLC. On January 1, 2021, SURG, AltCorp and Stanley Hills, LLC Stanley entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement
Agreement Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, SURG agreed to amend the AltCorp Exchange
Agreement where SURG acknowledged a debt of (the Debt to be paid in 33 monthly payments of payable
in shares of common stock of SURG at a per share price equal the volume weighted average price of Surg s common stock during the
10 trading days immediately preceding the issuance. SURG paid in cash and by shares. The SURG common stock issued
to Altcorp has been pledged since August 12, 2020 for the benefit of Stanley to secure Stanley s note payable by the Company. Accordingly,
the SURG Common Stock issued to AltCorp as a result of the Settlement Agreement were pledged to Stanley. As of December 31, 2021 there
were no surge shares pledges after the final settlement signed on December 22, 2021 and that replaced all prior settlement agreement.
The final settlement SURG agreed to make total payments of to the Company on or prior to January 7, 2022. The was recorded as
other receivable as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded an outstanding payable balance to Stanley
amounted recorded under accrued expenses. 

Consulting income for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 were and . Consulting income are derived from providing IT consulting services to Stanley Hills, a related party. 

Following the sale of UGO, the Company noticed third
parties (including SURG, via its asset manager) to wire the UGO funds to its new bank account. SURG never answered the notice. SURG is
the clearing house for UGO.The Company noticed certain third parties that it intends to take legal actions to resolve this issue. On November
12, 2020 the Company filed a complaint in the United States District Court District of Nevada - Case 2:20-cv-02078 against RWJ,
Mr. Bauer, Mr. Jackson and against W.L. Petrey Wholesale Company Inc for fraud, breach of contract, Unjust Enrichment and other claims.
On January 28, 2022 the court awarded the Company with injunction against RWJ defendants, where all fee funds generating from resale should
be deposited into GBT blocked account, and therefore RWJ defendants cannot use these funds without court order. 

The Company entered into
the Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release RJW Agreement by and between RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC, Robert
Warren Jackson, Gregory Bauer (collectively the RJW Parties and W.L. Petrey Wholesale Company, Inc., Petrey on one hand; and GBT Technologies Inc., on behalf of itself and its agents (collectively the GBT Parties ), on the other hand. The
Company the RJW Agreement effective September 26, 2022 with final signatures delivered to the Company on or about October 5, 2022. Pursuant
to the RJW Agreement, the parties have agreed to settle, release, and otherwise resolve all known or unknown claims between them and agreed
to jointly stipulate, move, or otherwise dismiss the lawsuits filed in the United States District Court of Nevada (Case No. 2:20-cv- 02078),
in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, Central District (Case Nos. 19STCV03320 and 20STCV32709), and
in the United States District Court of the Central District of California (Case No. 2:20-cv-09399-RGK-AGR) with prejudice. The parties
agreed and stipulated to release all funds currently being held in a blocked account of with 50 distributed to the RWJ Parties
and 50 distributed the Company or its assignee. The Parties also entered into the InComm Assignment Agreement IAA which
assigned, transferred and conveyed all proceeds derived from the RWJ Parties agreements with Interactive Communications International,
Inc., and its affiliate Hi Technology Corp., including but not limited to that Master Distribution and Service Agreement between Interactive
Communications International, Inc. and Petrey d/b/a UGO-HUB dated August 29, 2016, as amended (collectively referred to as the InComm
Proceeds ), and which shall divide the InComm Proceeds 90 to the Company or its assignee and 10 to the RWJ Parties or their assignee.
Finally, the Company agreed to pay to the RWJ Parties or their assignee. The Company accrued expenses represent
the final amounts due to the RJW Parties. 

The Company under a different
settlement agreement with SURG, committed to assign the IAA. As such, on October 5, 2022 and as cumulation of all settlement agreements
the Company issued a request to SURG regarding release of certain escrow funds and the execution of an assignment of rights as contemplated
in the aforereferenced agreement. 

On December 3, 2018, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Discover Growth Fund, LLC (the Investor pursuant to which the Company issued a Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture (the Debenture of
 .
In connection with the issuance of the Debenture and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company issued a Common Stock
Purchase Warrant to acquire up to shares
of common stock for a term of three years (the Warrant on a cash-only basis at an exercise price of 100 per
share with respect to 50,000 Warrant Shares, 75 with respect to 75,000 Warrant Shares and 50 with respect to 100,000
Warrant Shares. The holder may not exercise any portion of the Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than
4.99 of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately after exercise. The outstanding principal amount may be
converted at any time into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 95 of
the Market Price less 5 (the conversion price is lowered by 10 upon the occurrence of each Triggering Event the
current conversion price is 75 of the Market Price less 5.00). The Market Price is the average of the 5 lowest individual
daily volume weighted average prices during the period the Debenture is outstanding. On May 28, 2019, the Investor delivered
to the Company a Notice of Default and Notice of Sale of Collateral (the Notice ). On December 23,
2019, in arbitration between the Company and the Investor, an Interim Award was entered in favor of the Investor. On January
31, 2020, the Company was informed that a final award was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms
that certain sections of the Debenture constitute unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and were stricken. Further,
it was determined that the Investor was entitled to recovery of their attorney s fees. Consequently, the arbitrator
awarded Investor an award of plus
interest of 
accrued from May 15, 2019 and costs of .
On February 18, 2020, the Company filed a motion with the United States District Court District of Nevada (the Nevada
Court to confirm the Final Award and a motion to consolidate Investor s application to confirm the Final Award
filed in the U.S. District Court of the Virgin Islands (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM) (the Virgin Island
Court ). On February 27, 2020, the Nevada Court denied the Company s motion to confirm the Final Award and motion
to consolidate and further decided that the confirmation of the Final Award should be litigated in the Virgin Island Court.
As such, on February 27, 2020, the Company filed a Notice of Entry of Order as well as a Motion to Confirm the Arbitration
Award, address the outstanding issues regarding whether Investor s rights are subordinated to other creditors and,
thereafter, oversee a commercially reasonable foreclosure sale (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM). It was the
Company s position that the Final Award must first be confirmed and all questions regarding the rights of Investor
relative to those of other creditors must be determined before any foreclosure sale can proceed. It is further the position
of the Company that the previously disclosed foreclosure sale scheduled by Investor is being conducted in a commercially
unreasonable manner and that if Discover proceeded forward with the foreclosure sale it did so at its own risk. Nevertheless,
on February 28, 2020, Investor advised that it conducted a sale of the Company s assets. As the date of this report
Investor failed to present a deed of sale for the alleged sale that allegedly took place as noticed. The Company filed with
Virgin Island Court the motions disputing the validity of the alleged sale. On July 28, 2020, Investor filed in the State
of Nevada a motion for attorneys and
costs .
The Company filed an answer on August 11, 2020. On October 16, 2020, Investor motion for attorneys and
costs was
denied. This case is still pending with the Federal court and the Court has not taken any substantive action in the matter as
of the date of this report. 

In connection with SURG Exchange Agreement (see Note
5) - On November 4, 2020, Altcorp and Stanley filed an Ex Parte Motion in the District Court, Clark County, Nevada (Case No: A-20-823039-B,
in Dep No: 43) to appoint receiver and issue a temporary restraining Order against SURG and its transfer agent for alleged defaults on
prior exchange agreement. On December 4, 2020, the parties entered an interim agreement which set the material terms of the settlement.
A final settlement was achieved per the interim agreement terms on January 1, 2021. On March 4, 2021 the Company filed a motion to enforce
settlement agreements, as the Company alleged that SURG owes an additional 240,000 which is due and owing under the settlement agreements. 

On June 24, 2021 per the June 23, 2020 Agreement,
the Company together with AltCorp sent SURG and its transfer agent via registered mail, a true-up shares demand for an additional 
SURG shares as calculated per the Agreement. As of the filing date of this report, SURG s transfer agent did not answer the Company s
request. 

Subsequently, SURG was a party to two lawsuits in
state District Court, the Eighth Judicial District Court for Clark County, Nevada involving AltCorp, Stanley and Glen Eagles Acquisition
LP (the AltCorp Parties. ). Each of these lawsuits were ultimately disputes relating to the total consideration SURG was
to pay the Company under the APA. 

On October 18, 2021, the AltCorp Parties, the Company,
and SURG entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (the MOU to set up a framework for an attempt to settle the two lawsuits. 

On December 22, 2021 (the Effective Date ),
pursuant to the framework in the MOU, the AltCorp Parties (and an additional third party), the Company, ECS, and SURG, Kevin Brian Cox
(SURG s Chief Executive Officer) - in his individual capacity, entered into a Resolution of Purchase, Mutual Release, and Settlement
Agreement (the Final Settlement Agreement to settle the two lawsuits and resolve all disputes related to the consideration
paid by SURG to the Company in connection with the APA. 

On or about July 9, 2021 the Company filed a lawsuit
in District Court in Clack County Nevada Department 19 (Case number A-21-837631-C) against Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings, Inc
for breach of contract, breach of covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Unjust Enrichment and declaratory relief for failure of providing
consulting services per contract they entered. The Company is demanding the return of 240,000 shares issued, return of the 5,000 payments,
recission of the consulting agreement, and attorney s fees and costs. As Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings failed to appear to a notice
of deposition, the Company filed for a summary judgment. On January 20, 2023 the court issued a 708,821 writ of execution against Terry
Taylor and TTSG 

Gregory Mancuso and Rainer
AG 

On or about February 2, 2022,
GBT was served with a First Amended Complaint (the Complaint initiated by Gregory Mancuso and Rainer AG, a Swiss corporation,
Case No. 21SMCV01430, filed in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Los Angeles. The Complaint names a number
of different parties, including GBT, and asserts, among other things, claims for conversion, unjust enrichment, breach of contract, and
breach of implied covenant of fair dealing, which Plaintiffs allege arise out of a brokerage agreement entered into between Plaintiff
Rainer AG and co-defendant Consul Group re Dos Mil Veintiuno S.R.L Consul ). GBT was sued under an alter ego theory of liability,
and its only involvement in the above-referenced chain of events seems to be that its shares were deposited with Rainer by Consul upon
the opening of the brokerage account. GBT will be filling a demurrer to the First Amended Complaint based on a variety of deficiencies
with the First Amended Complaint, and will ask the Court to dismiss the claims against GBT. 

GBT Technologies, S.A. 

On September 14, 2018, the
Company entered into an Exclusive Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement (the GBT License Agreement with
GBT-CR, a fully compliant and regulated crypto currency exchange platform that currently operates in Costa Rica as a decentralized crypto
currency platform, pursuant to which, among other things, the Company granted to GBT-CR an exclusive, royalty-bearing right and license
relating intellectual property relating to systems and methods of converting electronic transmissions into digital currency as reflected
in that certain patent filed with the United Stated Patent and Trademark Office on or about June 14, 2018 (EFS ID: 32893586; Application
Number: 16008069; Type: Utility under 35 USC 111(a); Confirmation Number: 6787)(collectively, the Digital Currently Technology ).
Pursuant to the GBT License Agreement, the Company granted GBT-CR an exclusive worldwide license to use the Digital Currency Technology
to make, use, sell, lease or otherwise commercialize and dispose of products and devices utilizing the Digital Currently Technology.
Under the terms of the GBT License Agreement, the Company is entitled to receive a royalty payment of 2 of gross revenue of each licensed
product sold by GBT-CR during the period starting in which revenue is first generated using the licensed products and continuing for
five years thereafter. Upon signing the GBT-CR License Agreement, GBT-CR paid the Company 
 which is nonrefundable. The Company recognized the 300,000 as revenue during the years ended December 31, 2018. Upon GBT-CR
making available for sale (the Commercial Event an ICO (Initial Coin Offering) (the Coin ), GBT-CR will make
a payment to the Company of .
Further, upon the Commercial Event, GBT-CR will grant the Company the ability to acquire 30 of the Coin at a 30 discount of such offering
price of the Coin. The GBT License Agreement commenced as of the signing date and, unless terminated in accordance with the termination
provisions of the GBT License Agreement, shall remain in force until the expiration of the patent pertaining to the Digital Currency
Technology; provided that the right to use trade secrets shall survive the expiration of the GBT License Agreement provided the Company
has not terminated. Prior to the signing of the GBT License Agreement, GBT-CR advanced to
the Company, which the parties have agreed will be applied toward the 5,000,000 fee when it becomes due. On February 27, 2020 GBT Technologies,
S.A., as successor in interest to Hermes Roll, LLC had notified the Company that it was in default on its Amended and Restated Territorial
License Agreement ARTLA dated June 15, 2015 and that the ARTLA had been cancelled and rescinded. 

Stock Loan Receivable 

On January 8,
2019, the Company entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement with Latin American Exchange Latinex Casa de Cambio, S.A., a Costa
Rica corporation Latinex ), to provide that Latinex may maintain its required regulatory capital as required by
various regulators. The Company pledged 4,006 restricted
shares of its common stock valued at 7,610,147 (based
on the closing price on the grant date) for three years for an annual payment of 375,000 paid
in quarterly installments of 93,750.
In lieu of cash payment, Latinex may pay the Company in virtual currency of WISE Network S.A. valued at a 50 discount of its
offering price of 10 per token. In the event that Latinex s required capital has decreased below 5,000,000,
Latinex is permitted to sell the pledged shares of common stock only in an amount to ensure that Latinex can satisfy the
required capital levels. The Company must consent to such sale of the shares of common stock, which may not be unreasonably
withheld. Upon expiration of the agreement, the remaining shares of common stock shall be returned to the Company free and
clear of all liens. The Company recorded the value of these shares of common stock as a stock loan receivable which is
presented as a contra-equity account in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2019, the Company wrote
off the accrued interest income as Latinex did not perform any payment and the Company has no mean to enforce this payment.
Latinex agreed in principle to return the pledged 4,006 restricted shares to the Company for
cancellation. The 4,006 restricted
shares have not yet been returned to the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Assignment of lease
agreement 

On May 17, 2022, Mahaser
LLC Assignee entered into an assignment and assumption of lease agreement by and between 2819 Coldwater LLC Assignor ),
Sunset Place Holdings LLC Lessor and Yossi Attia Guarantor ). Pursuant to the agreement, Lessor agreed to
lease to Assignor certain Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease Gross agreement dated February 7, 2022 (the Lease and expiring on January 31, 2024, which premises commonly known as 8265 Sunset Boulevard, Suite #107, West Hollywood, CA 90046. The base
rent payment shall equal 4,100 per month and share of common area operating expense shall equal per month. Guarantor has guaranteed
payment of Assignor s obligations under the Lease and Assignor assigned all of its right, title and interest in the Lease to Assignee
and Assignee assumed Assignor s obligations under the Lease. 

and has a working capital deficit of as of December 31, 2022, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern as the Company does not have sufficient funds to discharge its current liabilities. 

Customers 

Sales for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 
and . The Consulting income from related party for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and . Sales are
derived from providing IT consulting services to a related party and sales from amazon and Ebay. 

. The convertible promissory note bears interest of and is payable at maturity on . 

On March 1,
2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Promissory Note (the DL Note of 
with an original issue discount of 
resulting in net proceeds of the Company of .
The DL Note had a maturity date of and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at
the rate of 12.0 from the date on which the DL Note is issued. A one-time interest charge of 
or 
was applied on the issuance date of the DL Note to the principal amount owed under the DL Note. Accrued, unpaid interest and
outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in ten payments of .60
resulting in a total payback to DL of .
The first payment is due April 15, 2023 with nine subsequent payments each month thereafter. The Company shall have a
five-day grace period with respect to each payment. The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any
time with no prepayment penalty. This DL Note shall not be secured by any collateral or any assets of the Company. 

The outstanding principal
amount of the DL Note may not be converted into the Company common shares except in the event of default. In the event of default on the
DL Note, DL may convert the DL Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 75 of the lowest trading
price during the 10 day period immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an event of default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed
to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates
would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

On March 1, 2023, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory Note (the DL
Convertible Note of for a purchase price of . The DL Convertible Note had a maturity
date of and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Convertible Note at the rate
of from the date on which the DL Convertible Note is issued until the same becomes due and payable, whether
at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL Convertible Note, provided
it makes a payment including a prepayment to DL as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. 

The outstanding principal
amount of the DL Convertible Note may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the date the
DL Convertible Note is issued . Following the 180th day, DL may convert the DL Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 85 of the lowest trading price during the 20 day period preceding the date of conversion. In addition,
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the DL Convertible Note), the DL Convertible Note
shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional
amounts as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with
all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the
common stock of the Company. 

On June 10, 2022, GBT Technologies,
Inc. (the Company ), entered into a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Metaverse Agreement with Ildar Gainulin and Maria Belova (collectively, the Licensor ). 

Under the Metaverse
Agreement, the parties formed Metaverse Kit Corp., a Nevada corporation Metaverse Kit ). The purpose of Metaverse Kit was
to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary technologies and comprehensive platform that combines a core virtual
reality platform and an extended set of real-world functions to provide a metaverse experience initially within the area of sports and
then expanding into virtual worlds of entertainment, live events, gaming, communications and other cross over product opportunities (the
 Meta Portfolio ). Under the Metaverse Agreement, Licensor agreed to provide Metaverse Kit with the licensed technology and
expertise. In connection therewith, the parties entered an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Metaverse APA concurrently with
the Metaverse Agreement whereby Licensor sold Metaverse Kit all source codes pertaining to the Meta Portfolio. Further, Licensor provided
an exclusive license to Metaverse Kit throughout the world for the invented product/service and the related platforms relating to the
Meta Portfolio and to use the know how to develop, manufacture, sell, market and distribute the Meta Portfolio throughout the world. The
Company was required to contribute shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to Metaverse Kit. Licensor
and the Company were to each own 50 of Metaverse Kit. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in Metaverse Kit to Igor 1 Corp. to secure
a convertible note held by Igor 1 Corp. The Company was to appoint two directors and Licensor was allowed to appoint one director of Metaverse
Kit. 

In addition,
Metaverse Kit, Licensor and Elentina Group, LLC Elentina entered into a Consulting Agreements in which IGBM
and Elentina, each were engaged to provide services for 
per month payable quarterly which Metaverse Kit has the option to pay in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed
divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP. Licensor and Elentina were to provide services in connection with the development
of the business as well as Metaverse Kit s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement was two
years. 

The closing of the Metaverse
Agreement occurred on June 13, 2022. 

On March 14, 2023, the Company
received a counter signed Settlement Agreement and Release by Licensor dated March 2, 2023 Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement, the parties agreed that Metaverse Agreement, the Metaverse APA and the Consulting Agreement are void and
cancelled. Licensor agreed to pay to the Company as settlement payment and surrender their shares in Metaverse Kit. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company engaged AlKhatib Consulting Group to provide exclusive representation services in connect with managing market partners, effective
on February 1, 2012 for 24 consecutive months. 

On April 3, 2023, GBT Tokenize Corp. Seller ),
a subsidiary that is owned by GBT Technologies, Inc GBT entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA with Trend Innovation Holdings, Inc. TREN ), in which GBT consented, pursuant to which Seller sold certain assets relating
to proprietary system and method named Avant-Ai, which is a text-generation, deep learning self-training model (the System ). 

In consideration of acquiring the System, TREN is
required to issue to the Seller common shares of TREN (the Shares ). The Shares will be restricted per Rule 144
as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Seller agreed to a lock-up period of nine
(9) months following closing (the Lock Up Term ). In the event that TREN is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a
business combination or otherwise prior to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, the Seller may request within three (3) business days of
the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions contemplated by the APA be unwound. 

In addition, TREN, Seller and GBT entered into a license
agreement regarding the System, granting the Seller and/or GBT a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license for using
the System to be used in its own development, as in-house tool, where Seller or GBT may not sublicense its rights hereunder to any customer
or client. 

F-47 

<EX-4.18>
 2
 e4542_ex4-18.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.18

Exhibit 4.18 Description of Securities 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

General 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 10,000,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

The following description of our capital stock and
provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. You should also refer to our Articles of Incorporation, a copy of which is filed
as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and our Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit
to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue up to a total of 10,000,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters
submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our common stock have no cumulative voting rights. 

Further, holders of our common stock have no preemptive
or conversion rights or other subscription rights. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our common stock are entitled
to share in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any of our outstanding shares of
preferred stock. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our common stock
are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of our assets which are
legally available. 

The holders of a majority of the shares of our capital
stock, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting. If a quorum
is present, an action by stockholders entitled to vote on a matter is approved if the number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds
the number of votes cast in opposition to the action, with the exception of the election of directors, which requires a plurality of the
votes cast. 

Preferred Stock 

Our board of directors will have the authority, without
further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations,
powers, preferences, privileges, and relative participating, optional, or special rights as well as the qualifications, limitations, or
restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, and liquidation
preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the common stock. Our board of directors, without stockholder approval,
will be able to issue convertible preferred stock with voting, conversion, or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power
and other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock could be issued quickly with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change
of control or make removal of management more difficult. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of decreasing
the market price of our common stock, and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue up to a total of 45,000
shares of a series of preferred stock designated as Series B preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Holders of our Series B preferred
stock are entitled to vote the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares of Series B preferred
stock, held by such holder are convertible as of the record date on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our
Series B preferred stock are entitled, exclusively and as a separate class, to elect two directors of the Corporation, 

Further, holders of our Series B preferred stock shall
have conversion rights. The holders of our Series B preferred stock have the right to convert each share of Series B preferred stock,
at any time, without payment of additional consideration by the holder into 30 shares of our common stock. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue up to a total of 10,000
shares of a series of preferred stock designated as Series C preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Holders of our Series C preferred
stock are entitled to vote the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares of Series C preferred
stock, held by such holder are convertible as of the record date on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our
Series C preferred stock are entitled, exclusively and as a separate class, to elect two directors of the Corporation, 

Further, holders of our Series C preferred stock shall
have conversion rights. The holders of our Series C preferred stock have the right to convert each share of Series C preferred stock,
at any time, without payment of additional consideration by the holder into 8 shares of our common stock. 

Series H Convertible Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue up to a total of 40,000
shares of a series of preferred stock designated as Series H preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Holders of our Series H preferred
stock are entitled to vote the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of common stock into which the shares of Series H preferred
stock, held by such holder are convertible as of the record date on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our
Series F preferred stock are entitled, exclusively and as a separate class, to elect two directors of the Corporation, 

Further, holders of our Series H preferred stock shall
have conversion rights. The holders of our Series H preferred stock have the right to convert each share of Series H preferred stock,
at any time, without payment of additional consideration by the holder into such number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of our
common stock as determined by dividing 500 by 10 in effect at the time of such conversion. In lieu of any fractional shares to which
the Series H holder would otherwise be entitled, the Company shall pay cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the fair market value
of a share of common stock as determined in good faith by our board of directors.] 

Anti-Takeover Provisions Under Nevada Law. 

Combinations with Interested Stockholder. Sections 78.411-78.444,
inclusive, of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS contain provisions governing combinations with an interested stockholder.
For purposes of the NRS, combinations include: (i) any merger or consolidation with any interested stockholder, (ii) any
sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition to any interested stockholder of corporate assets with an aggregate
market value equal to 5 or more of the aggregate market value of the corporation s consolidated assets, 5 or more of the outstanding
shares of the corporation or 10 or more of the earning power or net income of the corporation, (iii) the issuance to any interested
stockholder of voting shares (except pursuant to a share dividend or similar proportionate distribution) with an aggregate market value
equal to 5 or more of the aggregate market value of all the outstanding shares of the corporation, (iv) the dissolution of the corporation
if proposed by or on behalf of any interested stockholder, (v) any reclassification of securities, recapitalization or corporate
reorganization that will have the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the corporation s outstanding voting shares held
by any interested stockholder and (vi) any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit (except proportionately as a stockholder)
of any loan, advance, guarantee, pledge or other financial assistance. For purposes of the NRS, an interested stockholder 
is defined to include any beneficial owner of more than 10 of any class of the voting securities of a Nevada corporation and any person
who is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was at any time during the preceding three years the beneficial owner or more
than 10 of any class of the voting securities of the Nevada corporation. 

Subject to certain exceptions, the provisions of the
NRS governing combinations with interested stockholders provide that a Nevada corporation may not engage in a combination with an interested
stockholder for two years after the date that the person first became an interested stockholder unless the combination or the transaction
by which the person first became an interested stockholder is approved by the board of directors before the person first became an interested
stockholder. 

Control Share Acquisitions. The NRS also contains
a control share acquisitions statute. If applicable to a Nevada corporation this statute restricts the voting rights of
certain stockholders referred to as acquiring persons, that acquire or offer to acquire ownership of a controlling
interest in the outstanding voting stock of an issuing corporation. For purposes of these provisions a controlling
interest means with certain exceptions the ownership of outstanding voting stock sufficient to enable the acquiring person to exercise
one-fifth or more but less than one-third, one-third or more but less than a majority, or a majority or more of all voting power in the
election of directors and issuing corporation means a Nevada corporation that has 200 or more stockholders of record, at
least 100 of whom have addresses in Nevada appearing on the stock ledger of the corporation, and which does business in Nevada directly
or through an affiliated corporation. The voting rights of an acquiring person in the affected shares will be restored only if such restoration
is approved by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the corporation. The NRS allows a corporation to opt-out 
of the control share acquisitions statute by providing in such corporation s articles of incorporation or bylaws that the control
share acquisitions statute does not apply to the corporation or to an acquisition of a controlling interest specifically by types of existing
or future stockholders, whether or not identified. 

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

No Cumulative Voting. Where cumulative voting
is permitted in the election of directors, each share is entitled to as many votes as there are directors to be elected and each shareholder
may cast all of its votes for a single director nominee or distribute them among two or more director nominees. Thus, cumulative voting
makes it easier for a minority shareholder to elect a director. Our articles of incorporation deny shareholders the right to vote cumulatively. 

Authorized But Unissued Shares. Our articles
of incorporation permit the board to authorize the issuance of preferred stock, and to designate the rights and preferences of our preferred
stock, without obtaining shareholder approval. One of the effects of undesignated preferred stock may be to enable the board to render
more difficult or to discourage a third party s attempt to obtain control of Gopher Protocol by means of a tender offer, proxy contest,
merger, or otherwise. The issuance of shares of preferred stock also may discourage a party from making a bid for the common stock because
the issuance may adversely affect the rights of the holders of common stock. For example, preferred stock that we issue may rank prior
to the common stock as to dividend rights, liquidation preference, or both, may have special voting rights and may be convertible into
shares of common stock. Accordingly, the issuance of shares of preferred stock may discourage bids for our common stock or may otherwise
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company NATCO with a business address at 50 West Liberty Street, Suite
880, Reno NV 89501; NATCO s website is www.natco.com , and their phone number is (775) 322-0626. 

</EX-4.18>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 e4542_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mansour Khatib, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GBT Technologies
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant)
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 12,
2023 
 /s/
Mansour Khatib 

Mansour Khatib, 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial
Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 e4542_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of GBT Technologies
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mansour Khatib, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 12, 2023 
 /s/
Mansour Khatib 

Mansour Khatib, 

Principal Executive Officer (Principal Executive and
Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gtch-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gtch-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gtch-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gtch-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

