<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230626_10-K_edgar_data_1074871_0001213900-23-051688.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6575677</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>323039</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2271300</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1456274</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1229772</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1140666</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-051688.hdr.sgml : 20230626
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230626160152
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-051688
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230626
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230626

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Modular Medical, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001074871
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				870620495
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41277
		FILM NUMBER:		231042324

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16772 WEST BERNARDO DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-800-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16772 WEST BERNARDO DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BEAR LAKE RECREATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-051688.txt : 20230626

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_modular.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
 transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

MODULAR MEDICAL,
INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market, LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market
on September 30, 2022 was . 

The number of shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding, par value 0.001 per share, as of June 22, 2023, was . 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 38 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
 Risk 
 42 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
 Inspections 
 44 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence 
 59 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 59 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 60 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10K Summary 
 61 

Signatures 
 62 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that relate to future
events or to our future operations or financial performance. Any forward-looking statement involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statement. 

Words such as, but not limited
to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, forecast, intend, 
 may, plan, potential, predict, project, targets, likely, 
 will, would, could, should, continue, scheduled and
similar expressions or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases, are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each
forward- looking statement contained in this report, we caution you that these statements are based on our estimates or projections of
the future that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results,
level of activity, performance, experience or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward- looking
statement. Actual results, level of activity, performance, experience or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied
by any forward-looking statement as a result of various important factors, including our critical accounting policies and risks and uncertainties
relating to: 

our strategies, prospects, plans, expectations, forecasts or objectives; 

our ability to achieve a marketable product (i.e., our insulin pump) and the costs and timing thereof; 

acceptance of our product candidate by our target market and our ability to compete in such market; 

our ability to raise additional financing when needed and the terms and timing thereof; 

our ability to expand, protect and maintain our intellectual property rights; 

our future operations, financial position, revenues, costs, expenses, uses of cash, capital requirements,
our need for additional financing or the period for which our existing cash resources will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements; 

our analysis of the target market for our insulin pump; 

the impact of COVID-19 and other adverse public health developments on our operations and our industry: 

our ability to obtain all regulatory approvals and clearances relating to our insulin pump, including
those of the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA; 

regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; 

the timing and costs of our obtaining all regulatory approvals and clearances identified immediately above; 

our compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including those of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, or SEC, and the FDA; 

our ability to compete in the diabetes marketplace with larger and more substantial medical device companies; 

general economic, business, political and social conditions; 

our reliance on and our ability to retain (and if necessary, timely recruit and replace) our officers,
directors and key employees and their ability to timely and competently perform at levels expected of them; 

our ability to generate significant revenues and achieve profitability; 

our ability to manage the growth of our business; 

our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategies; 

our ability to expand, protect and maintain our intellectual property position; 

the success of competing third-party products; 

our ability to comply with regulatory requirements relating to our business, and the costs of compliance
with those requirements, including those on data privacy and security; 

the specific risk factors discussed under the heading Risk Factors set forth in this report; and 

various other matters, many of which are beyond our control. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Our fiscal year ends on March
31 of each calendar year. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Report, refers to the fiscal year ended March 31 of the calendar year
indicated (for example, fiscal 2023 refers to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023). Unless the context requires otherwise, references
to we, us, our, and the Company refer to Modular Medical, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiary. 

Overview 

Modular Medical is a development-stage, medical device company focused
on the design, development, and commercialization of an innovative insulin pump using modernized technology to increase pump adoption
in the diabetes marketplace. Through the creation of a novel two-part patch pump, the Company seeks to fundamentally alter the trade-offs
between cost and complexity and access to the higher standards of care that presently available insulin pumps provide. By simplifying
and streamlining the user experience from introduction, prescription, reimbursement, training and day-to-day use, we seek to expand the
wearable insulin delivery device market beyond the highly motivated super users to expand the category into the mass market.
Our product seeks to serve both the type 1 and the rapidly growing, especially in terms of device adoption, type 2 diabetes markets. 

Differentiation 

We believe that there are a number of shortcomings and issues with
currently available insulin pumps that prevent a substantial number of people who require insulin on a daily basis from choosing an insulin
pump to treat their diabetes. We believe, that by tailoring our insulin pump to address such factors, we can expand the scope and adoption
rate of insulin pump usage. We believe that to achieve broader market acceptance, an insulin pump must be easier to learn to use, be less
time- consuming to operate, more intuitive to both patients and physicians, and meet the standards for coverage by insurance providers
so that co-payments required from patients are affordable and the hurdles to insurance coverage are significantly reduced. 

Among the more
prominent issues are: 

Complexity : Many existing pumps are highly complex and require significant technical expertise to use effectively. We believe such pumps were designed for super users, who have high levels of motivation and technical competence. The complexity of pumps may be daunting to less technically inclined, less motivated users. 

Cumbersome : We believe that a majority of existing pumps are bulky and difficult to manage, requiring a means of carrying the pump around and up to 48 inches of tubing to the injection site to connect the catheter to a pump. The tubing and the cartridge, which holds the insulin, must be replaced every few days. This requires users to carry spare parts and other equipment adding to the difficulty of using the pump. In comparison, our product only requires a cartridge change every few days. 

Cost : Costs associated with insulin pump therapy can be high and prohibitive, especially for those on fixed or limited incomes. These costs vary by pump and insurance coverage, but multi-thousand-dollar upfront payments, often with substantial co-payments in addition to possible additional co-payments on consumables, can easily place current pumps out of reach for patients. This leads to limited or absent reimbursement/coverage and potentially high financial hurdles for patients to gain access. 

Outdated style : Consumer electronics devices have evolved in both form and function. Diabetes pumps have not experienced similar progress. We believe that consumers will be more receptive of products designed with the user experience in mind and that many have low tolerance for complex, difficult procedures for use and maintenance of products. 

Pump mechanism limitations : Traditional pumps generally utilize a syringe and plunger mechanism to deliver insulin. We believe this design limits the ability to reduce the size of the pump, and also potentially exposes the user to the unintended delivery of the full volume of insulin within the pump, which can cause hypoglycemia or death. We believe that the fear of adverse health events due to technical malfunctions related to traditional pump mechanism limitations deters the adoption of insulin pump therapy. 

Our team has substantial knowledge of the diabetes industry and experience
in developing, obtaining marketing authorization for, and bringing insulin pumps to market. Based on this experience, we believe that
our innovative insulin pump, using a new and proprietary method of pumping insulin, can address most or all of these shortcomings. It
provides a state-of-the-art insulin pump capable of both basal (steady flow) and bolus (mealtime dosing) insulin disbursement. It also
has been designed considering a natural migration path to multi-chamber/multi-liquid pumps, potentially offering an exciting array of
new therapies to patients with diabetes and other conditions. 

1 

Our goal is to become the leader in expanding
access to insulin pump technology to a wider portion of diabetes sufferers and provide not just care for the super users, but diabetes
care for the rest of us. While our initial target market is people with Type 1 diabetes, we believe there is a substantial opportunity
to penetrate the type 2 marketplace, whether through our initial MODD1 pump or further simplification of our pump to address the type
2 marketplace. 

The MODD1 is a high-precision pump that we believe represents the best
choice for new pump patients because it is easy to afford, easy to learn, easy to use, and has a revolutionary design and internal technology
that enable precision with low-cost manufacture and high reproducibility. 

Key features
include: 

Two parts - one reusable, one disposable - snap together to form the working system; 

One button interface, easy to learn and use; 

90-day reusable, 3-day disposable; 

Disposable portion removable at any time from an adhesive-backed retainer, which remains in place; 

No external controller required, no charging, no battery replacement; and 

Slim profile, lighter weight. 

A proprietary survey of American healthcare payors
representing 50 million covered lives (approximately 1/3 of U.S. covered lives) performed for us by industry leading survey firm ISA in
2019 has demonstrated that payors are willing to grant equivalent or preferential coverage for a product with this feature set at launch
in exchange for discounts of approximately 20 . 

Diabetes
Classifications and Therapies 

Diabetes is typically classified as either type
1 or type 2: 

T1D is an auto-immune condition characterized by the body s nearly complete inability to produce insulin. It is frequently diagnosed during childhood or adolescence, although it can sometimes have onset in adulthood. Individuals with T1D require daily insulin therapy to survive. 

T2D represents over 90 of all individuals diagnosed with diabetes and is characterized by the body s inability to either properly utilize insulin or produce sufficient insulin. Initially, many people with T2D attempt to manage their condition with improvements in diet and exercise and/or the use of oral medications and/or injection of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) drugs. However, as their diabetes advances, patients often progress to requiring insulin therapies such as once-daily long-acting insulin and ultimately to intensified mealtime rapid-acting insulin therapy. This represents an important portion of the diabetes market with an estimated 1.6 million T2D intensively treated with insulin currently in the United States. 

Glucose, the
primary source of energy for cells, must be maintained at certain levels in the blood in order to permit optimal cell function and health.
In people with diabetes, blood glucose levels are not well controlled and frequently become very high, a condition known as hyperglycemia,
and very low, a condition called hypoglycemia. Hyperglycemia can lead to serious long-term complications, including blindness, kidney
disease, nervous system disorders, occlusive vascular diseases, lower-limb amputation, stroke, cardiovascular disease, and death. Hypoglycemia
can lead to confusion or loss of consciousness, often requiring a visit to the emergency room or, in certain cases, result in seizures,
coma, and/or death. 

All people with
T1D, which is our primary market, require daily insulin. According to the Seagrove 2021 Diabetes Blue Book, approximately 18 of people
with T2D in the United States, or approximately 4.7 million people, require insulin (basal alone represent 3.1 million and basal plus
mealtime represent 1.6 million) to manage their diabetes. In this Report, we refer to people with T1D and people with T2D who require
mealtime insulin as insulin-requiring people with diabetes. 

2 

Currently, there
are two primary therapies available for insulin-requiring people with diabetes: multiple daily insulin injections directly into the body
through syringes or insulin pens (a type of syringe) , referred to as Multiple Daily Injection, or MDI therapy, or the use of an insulin
pump to deliver mealtime insulin boluses to help with glucose absorption after carbohydrate consumption and a continuous subcutaneous
insulin infusion, or CSII therapy, into the body. Generally, CSII therapy is considered to provide a number of advantages over MDI therapy,
primarily an improvement in glycemic control, as measured by certain diabetes management tests such as hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) measure
and more recently Time in Range (TIR) where a continuous glucose measuring device is used to calculate this test. Among other clinical
benefits, a study conducted by Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. in 2021 demonstrated that insulin pump use can decrease glucose variability,
reduce the number of hypoglycemia events, and reduce the fear of hypoglycemia. 

Notwithstanding these advantages, we believe the
difficulty in use resulting from the complexity and cumbersome design of available insulin pumps as well as high and often prohibitive
costs for both the patient and insurance provider has resulted not only in dissatisfaction among many existing pump users (fewer than
half purchase a new pump after the warranty expires, as noted in a Seagrove Partners 2021 study), but also has severely limited the adoption
rate of insulin pumps by a large segment of the MDI diabetes population, whom we refer to in this Report as Almost Pumpers. 

We define Almost Pumpers as insulin-requiring people with diabetes who are aware of pumps and their
 potential benefits but because of past experiences, pump shortcomings, cost, complexity, and time and learning required to adopt and
 utilize currently available insulin pumps, continue to receive their daily insulin through MDI therapy. We undertook one-on-one
 interviews with over 200 of these individuals to understand their past experiences on or considering pumps, existing pump
 shortcomings, the cost and insurance challenges, complexity to learn and time and complexity to operate that drives them to
 remain on MDI. With this detailed understanding, we brought a series of prototype models to them to react to, so we could refine the
 design and include features that would motivate them to be able to use this technology to better care for their diabetes. To date,
 the MODD1 pump has been well received by these individuals and our clinical advisors. 

Our research, along with marketplace data provided
by Seagrove Partners in 2023, estimates that 33 of Americans with T1D have an insulin pump and 28 of Americans with T1D (44 of those
who currently utilize MDI) can be classified as having an interest in pump adoption and meeting the American Diabetes Association guidelines
of glucose control if their objections to the currently available suite of products can be overcome. They do not want to closely manage
their glucose levels and incur the associated time and effort involved; however, they understand they need to do more to achieve a reasonable
level of glucose. They are the Almost Pumpers. We have developed what we believe to be the most technologically advanced delivery system
overcome the objections and provided motivation for this market. We believe that there are four addressable hurdles to adoption: 

Usability :
the device needs to be easy to learn and to operate; 

Affordability: we will focus on overcoming copay and insurance hurdles rather than leaving the insurance journey to the clinician and patient; 

Accessibility and Education: we will seek to engage patients to sample this new technology by supplying clinicians with free samples and simple training to allow people to see first-hand the typical barriers to adoption that have been overcome; and 

Service and Support: where we will answer their questions and concerns during this diabetes experience. 

We believe this
conversion process, engaging people to try and thereby receive the benefits of our technology will substantially increase adoption of
insulin pumps among both those with T1D and T2D who remain reliant upon multiple daily injections. Diabetes is a disease that appears
throughout the world. Therefore, we cannot segment the market by socioeconomics, education or level of care. We intend to create an insulin
pump that appeals to all Almost Pumpers. 

3 

Market 

The International Diabetes Federation estimated
that, in 2019, approximately 460 million people were living with diabetes worldwide, and by 2045, this number will increase to approximately
700 million people. 

An estimated 34 million people in the United States
live with diabetes. Within this group, T1D accounts for approximately 1.8 million people with the remainder being T2D. All people with
T1D require daily insulin. However, of the approximately 32.2 million people with T2D, about 1.6 million of them require multiple daily
injections of insulin to manage their diabetes. This represents a large and growing market with the effects of diabetes accounting for
roughly 25 of all healthcare dollars spent annually in the United States. 

According to the National Diabetes HCP Survey
conducted by Seagrove Partners, LLC in 2021, approximately 25 of the 1.6 million highly insulin intensive T2D have considered going on
pump. 

Insulin pumps have been shown to provide a higher
level of care for insulin dependent people with diabetes and result in better glycemic control, fewer comorbidities, fewer trips to the
emergency room, and higher overall quality of life. They also result in lower overall costs to the healthcare system, reducing typical
expense per patient year from 27,195 to 16,992. 

Despite these benefits, only 1 in 3 (33 of the
1.8 million Americans with T1D and very few of the 1.6 million T2D intensively treated with insulin currently use an insulin pump, for
a total of approximately 670,000 current users, with only a slow increase of insulin pump use. The remaining 68 of T1D s and virtually
all of the T2D s rely on multiple daily injections (MDI) for glucose control. Decades of advances in technology advances have left
these non-pumpers at a significant disadvantage from a control perspective versus their pumping counterparts. 

We have identified a large segment of the market
that we refer to as Almost Pumpers. Almost Pumpers are those insulin-requiring people with diabetes (T1D and T2D) who feel
that they would adopt the pump if it were less expensive, less time consuming, less technically intimidating, and if there was no separate
controller. We believe that they represent approximately 32 of the T1D market correlating to a 1.9 billion growth opportunity. 

Insulin pumps on the market today require a substantial
amount of time to manage the therapy, have high out-of-pocket costs that place these technologies out of reach for a large part of the
population, and are feature-heavy with complex systems that we believe have hampered adoption and intimidated many users. The most commonly
used insulin pumps today require extensive training and hours of daily management. The average pump user must go through 42 steps of setup
and refill process every 72 hours to stay on track. Our product only requires nine steps for setup and refill every 72 hours. 

The current reluctance to adopt the insulin pump
has had serious consequences on the healthcare system. In the United States, people living with T1D have struggled to attain glycemic
targets. A 2019 analysis of the large T1D Exchange clinical registry found that only 21 of U.S. adults with T1D achieved the ADA A1c
goal 

Another transition in the care of diabetes is
the measuring of glucose from finger-stick tests to continuous glucose monitoring, or CGM , sensors, which are wearable devices.
These sensors are placed under the skin and give a reading every five minutes of the user s glucose level. While Dexcom has been
a market leader in this field, the introduction and rapid adoption of the Freestyle Libre by Abbott Labs has made CGM easier and more
affordable, expanded the product category, and doubled the market size. The Freestyle Libre product is a more affordable, easier to use
and smaller version of the popular Dexcom, Inc. (Dexcom) CGM product. Now for the first time, there is an easy, less painful, i.e., no
more finger sticks, way for patients to have the data they need to understand more about their glucose levels and their insulin requirements.
Access to such data has motivated patients to ask their diabetes clinician how they can achieve better glycemic control and made them
more comfortable with using technology and wearables to treat their diabetes. Pumps offer a clear pathway to better control and better
overall care. We believe that the insulin pump market is ready for a similar transition as that experienced in the CGM space. MODD1 pump
represents a new and better offering to assist and induce a wide variety of patients to make the transition and bridge the void to superior
control by becoming a pumper. 

4 

We believe the present pump marketplace is approximately
a 1.9 billion market, comprising 33 of T1D pumpers and a small group of T2D pumpers. Seagrove Partners estimates in its 2021 report
that 28 of T1D patients and 25 of T2D patients would adopt technology that was easier to use, access and pay for. We believe the total
addressable market approximates 3 billion, assuming revenue of 4,128 per patient, per year. We expect to spend approximately 15 of
our total revenue on discounts and free samples to encourage adoption of our pump product. 

We are dedicated to helping all people with diabetes
gain access to high quality care. We aim to help people with diabetes - especially Almost Pumpers and the historically underserved communities
- gain access to insulin pump technology by making it affordable and easy to use. 

Diabetes Care is at an Inflection Point 

We believe that the insulin pump market stands
at a crossroads as a confluence of events makes the timing for a new product introduction ideal. 

2020 was a very difficult year in diabetes. Between
COVID-19 and a loss of glycemic control during quarantines and isolation, deaths from diabetes rose by 17 in 2020 versus the prior year.
This was sharpest among the young who saw deaths rise 29 in the 25-44 year old demographic. This has created a pain point and a desire
to find new and better solutions and has raised awareness among patients, caregivers, payors, and policy makers. 

COVID-19 also encouraged (and required) trial
and adoption of telehealth models and a great many people have found them to their liking with a high proportion of patients and of health
care providers (HCPs) that want to continue to use these technologies. We expect much of this shift and newfound comfort with distance
care models to persist and believes that this can provide a patient acquisition and engagement model for insulin pumps and diabetes care,
especially for pumps optimized for free trial and easy learning. 

At the same time, reimbursement for patch pumps
has been increasingly moving to a pharmacy benefits manager (PBM) model, which simplifies reimbursement which will further aid in a frictionless
launch. This represents a fundamental shift in the insulin pump market, making onboarding rapid and simplifying a previously complex
and time-consuming insurance journey. 

We believe these CGM users are increasingly interested
in adopting technology and wearables to manage their diabetes. We believe they are a natural market for a new type of pump if it can meet
their needs and address their objections and that the conjunction of the above trends represents a unique opportunity in the insulin pump
market s history. 

Diabetes technology companies understand that
we are at a turning point with new markets (T2D, T1D that are currently not using technologies). This can be seen with increased discussion
around this topic during recent national diabetes conferences, as well as but also an increase in marketing promotion. For example, Dexcom
purchased a 5.5 million 30-second commercial advertisement during the 2021 Super Bowl. 

All these recent changes support the high proportion
of T1D and T2D intensively treated with insulin that are considered as Almost Pumpers, a number that may grow in the coming years and that
may be more reachable with adequate marketing strategies. 

Our Insulin
Pump 

Instead of building complex, bespoke, and difficult
to manufacture and maintain pumping and control systems, we began with the technology and the user in mind. Using proprietary methods
of insulin measurement, we were able to eschew complex mechanisms and instead built a product candidate using only parts from high volume
consumer electronics manufacturing lines, breaking the cost vs functionality curve that has existed in the insulin pump space and representing
the first truly modern insulin pump design. This is a new kind of product for a new kind of patient. 

The production models of our low-cost insulin
pump have passed many of the tests required to submit to the FDA for 510(k) clearance to market them in the United States, and we are
in the process of completing and demonstrating that we can pass the formal tests. A good part of our focus has shifted to implementing
the operational capability to manufacture production models of our pump product in low volume and ensure that this manufacturing flow
can be successfully outsourced to a tier-one contract manufacturer with the ability to scale to higher volumes at lower cost. We continue
to devote substantial time and resources to better understand the needs and preferences of Almost Pumpers and the specific patient/provider/payor
requirements to motivate change from MDI. By making the bolus delivery at meals simple we believe we will drive improved outcomes. 

5 

MODD1 has several
distinguishing features: 

1 - The pump has a simple button to press to deliver
insulin as the patient requires it. The electronic pump uses a simple motor and rotating cam to motivate the insulin into the patient
along with a low power Bluetooth and near-field communication (NFC) chips to optionally allow the patient to communicate with their smart
phone, tablet, or other mobile computing platform. Our mobile device application will be included in our 510(k) submission and will be
a part of our introductory product. 

2 - The pump snaps together with a three-day disposable
cartridge that is patient filled with insulin for delivery. It includes the power source and a simple coin cell that allows it to run
through the 80-hour life of the cartridge. 

3 - There is an infusion set (not shown) that
contains a soft 6 mm cannula and an introducer for insertion into the skin and removal of the needle used to transfer insulin to the body. 

4 - MODD1 comes with a variety of methods for
the patient to wear the pump. Options include: a base plate with adhesive (shown) for attaching to the body that has features for holding
the pump to the patient; overwraps to hold the product candidate to the patient; and a velcro strap with a base plate suitable for wrapping
around the arm or leg of the patient. 

The system will deliver a small continuous rate
called a basal that will provide approximately 50 of the total daily dose required and the user will use the on-pump button to administer
boluses, typically before and after meals. 

The objective is to make the product candidate
simple to acquire and take home, simple to learn and most importantly, simple to use to expand the pump market, drive adoption and ultimately
better clinical outcomes. 

Technological Advantages 

The adoption of new ultra-high volume technologies
will result in far easier manufacturing scale up as parts sourcing and assembly processes are far easier. The MODD1 was designed from
the beginning for mass manufacturing processes and lights out or near lights out production assembly lines whereby a minimal
number of workers will be required in our production facility. This advantage is compounded by the high availability and already optimized
cost reduction in its components. This has resulted in a cost of goods, estimated on the competitors announced margins and sales,
50 lower than our closest patch pump competitor. 

6 

The adoption of modern, miniaturized technologies
has led to numerous other advantages as well. Our MODD1 pump is smaller in overall volume than Insulet s popular Omnipod product
and has a lower profile to the skin. Despite this, it holds a full 3mL (300 units) of insulin in line with full sized pumps such as Tandem
and Medtronic, 50 more than the 2mL reservoir in the Omnipod. We believe that this volume advantage over other patch pumps will be significant
as 24 of type 1 and over 50 of the rapidly growing type 2 market require more than 2mL of insulin every three days (the expected wear
time of patch pumps). 

In addition, our new pumping modality will provide
what we believe is the most even (and thus closest to the function of a healthy pancreas) delivery of basal insulin in the industry. Basal
rate can be delivered almost continuously while other pumps are delivering micro-boluses every 5 minutes for the Omnipod, Tandem and Medtronic
pumps. We plan to demonstrate the impact of our system on glycemic control in a future clinical study. 

The technology allows the patient to simply add
insulin and operate. The battery is included in each cartridge and the device is operated without a controller. Nothing needs charging.
MODD1 has been made push button simple to appeal to a wider audience of users. 

This new technology has also made the MODD1 lighter
than existing offerings. Compared to the Insulet Omnipod, MODD1 weighs 20 grams (vs. 26 grams) empty and 23 grams (vs. 28 grams) fully
filled (despite carrying 50 more insulin), a reduction of 23 and 18 , respectively. Also, unlike existing patch pumps, the MODD1 can
be removed from the needle and taken off and replaced later if the user desires. This avoids loss of insulin in a pump due to accidental
dislodging of the soft canula, an issue that users have expressed considerable dissatisfaction with on other patch pumps. 

Our approach to the care of diabetes can be further
enhanced by leveraging the MODD1 single-pumping chamber technology and reusable pump approach to apply to dual (or more) chamber pumping
solutions. We believe that such multi-chamber pumps will be integral to the realization of high time-in-range artificial pancreas solutions
that require no human intervention because of the application of, for instance, drugs to raise glucose levels coupled with drugs to lower
glucose. They will be the next step forward from the cumbersome and awkward solutions today that require the user to announce meals, count
and input carbohydrates, and adjust delivery for exercise and sleep to prevent overdosing of insulin. Instead, if a user overdosed insulin,
the user would simply pump in a drug to release sugar stores to raise it up. We believe that a pre-filled peel and stick patch pump with
the ability to function in a fully autonomous closed loop system with a CGM device, which is measuring and transmitting glucose-level
information, represents the next generation of diabetes care. We believe that we have demonstrated our technology and are securing intellectual
property protection on our approach. 

We believe this technology, especially in dual
chamber, will open up numerous applications outside of diabetes where medication compliance of complex therapy regimes is difficult. Example
applications would include weight loss, fertility, and simplifying the delivery of complex multi-drug cocktails, especially those with
diverse and challenging dosing schedules. 

7 

Our Solution 

Our proposed pump is being designed and developed
to address the aforementioned shortcomings of the existing pump market and to appeal to: (i) the substantial group of Almost-Pumpers 
who may be interested in using an insulin pump, but have not done so because of the complexity, cost or cumbersome nature of existing
products, and (ii) people who are using one of the currently available insulin pumps but are dissatisfied with such products. We believe
that, owing to our new proprietary technology, our proposed insulin pump will be the simplest and least expensive product on the market
and the easiest for providers to prescribe. 

Our current pump has been built to test what we
believe to be our novel approach to insulin pumps. By providing a pump that we believe will establish industry standards in terms of technology,
simplicity to understand, ease of use and price, we believe our proposed pump will offer the vast majority of benefits afforded by more
expensive and complex pumps but remain accessible to a substantially greater percentage of diabetes sufferers requiring daily insulin
therapy. 

We believe people generally will not use technology
that intimidates them. In addition, we believe that physicians are hesitant to prescribe such technology due to the level of training
and support required with the present pump product offerings. We believe mass-market products, such as is intended for our proposed pump,
must be user friendly and affordable. We believe this approach is fundamentally different from that applied to the existing
pump market today, where most pumps are continuously adding complex features appealing to super users and leaving the other people with
diabetes further behind. 

Our current goal is to successfully design, develop
and obtain all required regulatory approvals for our proposed insulin pump, and, thereafter, commercialize the finished product. Our long-term
goal is to become a leading provider of insulin pump therapy by focusing on both consumer and clinical needs. 

To achieve our above stated immediate and current
goals, we intend to pursue the following business strategies: 

Use of innovative proprietary technology. 

Based upon the substantial experience of Paul
DiPerna, our President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of our Board of Directors, in engineering design and innovative
technology in the medical device industry and, in particular, with the invention, market vision and technical development of insulin pumps,
we have generated proprietary technology that has been incorporated into our proposed insulin pump. We believe this technology allowing
for a two-part, yet small enough to wear, pump product, along with simplified mechanics for pumping, will greatly assist us in creating
a simpler, user-friendly pump. We believe the proposed design, engineering and technology being incorporated into our proposed pump will
make it substantially simpler and more affordable than those currently available. These features, together with the safety and reliability
of our proposed pump, are designed to create the next generation of insulin pumps that will feature important and well-differentiated
attributes compared to those currently available and make it available to consumers across mostly all socioeconomic groups in the United
States and around the world. 

Keep costs low during our design and development process. 

To attempt to ensure that we have sufficient funds
to design, develop, and obtain all required regulatory approvals for our proposed insulin pump without having to sacrifice quality and
efficiency, we intend to maintain a tight budget and limit expenditures where possible. We believe this will be possible because of the
extensive knowledge and experience of Mr. DiPerna, not only in the diabetes industry and more specifically in the insulin pump device
market, but also his experience in designing and developing insulin pumps and other medical devices and his ability to manage a small,
focused development team. We currently expect that various other expenses, such as product scale up, and sales and marketing costs, will
not be incurred until such time as development work is completed and regulatory approvals obtained. 

8 

Employ experienced engineers selected, supervised, and led by Mr. DiPerna, a highly experienced and respected engineer and executive in the insulin pump industry. 

To attempt to ensure our proposed insulin pump
is state of the art, functional, and efficient, as well as to conserve funds, substantially all of our employees will initially
be hand-picked engineers under the leadership of Mr. DiPerna. We believe that there is a strong pool of engineers with significant applicable
experience and knowledge who we will be able to initially employ on a contract and/or outsource basis to help us design and develop our
proposed insulin pump. We believe by hiring such persons on an out-source basis, we will save substantial resources and by having Mr.
DiPerna lead and focus the team on technological and mechanical aspects of our proposed insulin pump, we believe our team will be well
guided, focused, cost efficient, and able to efficiently design and develop our product candidate that we believe can eventually be a
competitive and popular choice for people with insulin requiring diabetes. 

Commercialization
Strategy: Overcoming the Insurance Hurdles 

Our goal is to
establish MODD1 as the best option for new pump patients as we expand the market into the Almost Pumpers (Type 1 and Type 2) and the newly
motivated CGM users. We seek to grow the market by providing first-line insulin pump therapy that is well suited to meet the needs of
both diabetes patients requiring insulin and their clinicians. 

We believe that MODD1 is approximately 50 less expensive to manufacture than Omnipod. This low cost allows us to spend more on patients and sampling. We believe that this will save money for payers because we expect to offer the pump with no upfront cost to patients. Expected benefits of MODD1 include: 

o 
 20 discount vs Insulet (PODD) will drive preferred status; 

o 
 Designed to use Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM) codes as a disposable; 

o 
 No new code needed to be reimbursed at launch because MODD1 will be able to use existing CMS codes; and 

o 
 Saves provider an estimated 1,062/patient/year vs Omnipod, as we will offer providers discounts from the existing reimbursement code. 

The MODD1 will be sampled and given to patients by the doctor or
 diabetes nurse educator at the time of the patient visit. When a patient is motivated to make change, our starter kit will make it
 easy for the clinician to initiate the new therapy that same day. We seek to eliminate the currently challenging insurance
 journey and product acquisition timeline and significantly reduce training time for the busy clinician, which we believe are
 all major hurdles to pump adoption. We intend to add telehealth support to help the patient throughout adoption and use and to
 facilitate greater collaboration between patients and their physicians. 

9 

Europe represents another large potential market for MODD1, as approximately
60 million people in Europe live with diabetes. 161 billion is spent annually on diabetes healthcare costs in Europe based on data from
a Seagrove Partners 2023 study. At present, cost containment is restricting pump uptake across Europe. Current pump usage hovers between
10 and 20 in many markets. Single payor healthcare systems across Europe traditionally attempt to contain costs in the short term and
seek low price technologies with moderate medical benefits. We anticipate MODD1 will offer a rebalance of this risk/reward strategy in
that payors will incur only minor incremental short-term costs with the benefit of longer -term cost savings associated with reliable
pump use. We intend to employ a partnership strategy across Europe following in-house managed regulatory and pricing activities in the
major markets (e.g., UK) and more cost receptive markets (e.g., Nordics). We are targeting European and United Kingdom approval towards
late 2024. 

Marketing 

MODD1 tackles the most significant barriers to
pump use-access and affordability-and makes it easier for clinicians, caregivers and individuals to manage diabetes care. We believe that
MODD1 will be the only insulin pump that patients can take home immediately from the doctor s office. Our commercialization plan
will drive adoption and is designed to expand the market and is intended to do the following: 

Maximize adoption with a comprehensive frictionless launch program. We will seek to decrease the level of reimbursement effort and cost to encourage HCPs to offer our pumps and encourage patient trials. Our product candidate reduces the technical hurdles to widen appeal, new starts and increase adherence. We will encourage MDI patients who want or need more control to make the switch to the pump earlier in their treatment-ideally right at diagnosis. 

Leverage technology to support sales and new patient acquisition . We intend to set up tech-enabled sales teams backed with a full omnichannel program to drive awareness and trial with HCPs and patients. We will focus on educating providers that our product candidate is simple to teach and easy to support making it an ideal front line offering. 

Facilitate patient trials. To facilitate patient trials, we intend to: 

o 
 Provide a free sample pump, insurance verification, co-pay coupons and telehealth support, as may be allowed under federal and state law, to patients thereby reducing outlay of time and money; and 

o 
 Partner with connected care companies to provide superb support of
 patients from trial through the first year. 

Leverage MODD1 300-unit chamber to increase adoption with Type 2 patients . We believe MODD1 has a major advantage over existing patch pumps in that the chamber carries enough insulin to meet the high doses many Type 2 patients need. We intend to promote this advantage and capture a significant share of the existing Type 2 pump users as well as new starts. 

Work with key organizations and policy makers to pave the way for greater access to pumps. We will promote MODD1 technology among the underserved, who are typically low users of health technology. We will identify individuals, patient organizations, professional societies, and policy and DEI organizations that are critically important to the adoption of new technologies in the diabetes space and build relationships with these influential stakeholders. 

Initiate a clinical study program (with key diabetes centers We intend to provide additional clinical support for MODD1 in special patient types and clinical setting. After obtaining 510(k) clearance, we intend to conduct a soft launch and clinical research program in major markets to pave the way for the full launch in late 2024. We will work with our advisors and key diabetes associations to educate the community about the MODD1. In addition, we will conduct clinical studies to develop competitive claims and market expansion. 

Work with major health plans to establish MODD1
 as the first line pump for Type 2 patients . We believe MODD1 will be payor preferred for both Type 1 and Type 2 patients. It was designed
 to attain preferential reimbursement and avoid the coverage pitfalls many other pumps have experienced. 

o 
 Payors want an effective product whereby the users realize the clinical benefit. We intend to launch with a discount program for payors of 20 to drive uptake. 

o 
 Designed to use existing PBM codes as a disposable 

o 
 No new reimbursement code: Reimbursed at launch 

10 

Tie-in with telehealth. 

In recent years, telehealth has gone mainstream,
and patients and providers have become comfortable with it. There are only 4,000 patient-facing endocrinologists in the United States.
The treatment of diabetes will be significantly enhanced with telehealth to drive more volume and clinical enhancements through their
practices. Telemedicine is a force multiplier for a small group of doctors to better serve a large market. MODD1 was designed to be affordable
enough for free sampling and trial, and simple enough for self-guided user training. We believe that by combining telehealth support with
MODD1, we will decrease the burden of diabetes care and improve the lives of people with diabetes. 

11 

Pre-Launch/Trial 

We intend to initiate a soft launch 
following FDA clearance of the MODD1 device. Our plan is to select a group of clinicians who are well trained, experienced and have the
support infrastructure to take on initial patients and monitor them carefully to provide clinical feedback on our performance to further
refine our product candidate and support infrastructure prior to full commercial launch. Many of these clinicians will have been those
who assisted in the development of the MODD1 offering. 

We intend to continue to modify, refine and finalize
our system to best meet: 

The general
 needs and preferences of our Almost Pumper target market based upon our knowledge of the diabetes industry and information available
 and/or obtained by us from Almost Pumpers and their caregivers; and 

The general
 guidelines of third-party payors, private and public insurance companies, preferred provider organizations and other managed care
 providers with particular focus on the guidelines established by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, 
 which administrates the United States Medicare program. To assist us in making such modifications and refinements, we have retained
 independent consultants to focus on ensuring that our product candidate satisfies the existing coverage and reimbursement criteria
 of such third-party payors. 

Manufacturing 

Our pump product comprises the pump, a disposable
cartridge that holds the insulin reservoir, a baseplate that affixes the pump product to the user s body and the infusion set, which
includes a cannula to infuse the insulin into the body. We intend to manufacture the pump, the cartridge and the baseplate and purchase
the infusion set from third parties. Prior to shipment, our pump product will be packaged with an infusion set. In connection therewith: 

We have installed automation machines in our facility that will be capable of assembling the cartridges at a rate sufficient to supply 10,000 patients (100,000 per month). 

Product packaging will initially be performed manually by our
 personnel, while the cartridge automation is being refined. We expect to purchase and implement packaging automation equipment as
 the second phase of automation of the cartridge. 

The infusion sets will be purchased from a third-party supplier to cost-effectively introduce our product and focus on our core expertise. 

We have commenced working with a tier-one medical
product contract manufacturer to develop the tooling equipment required to produce the components used in our product and to prepare for
the transfer to its facility. As discussed above, we are in the process of implementing the cartridge assembly tooling equipment in our
facility. Prior to product launch, we expect to transfer the cartridge automation equipment to this contract manufacturer in early 2024
to verify and validate into our manufacturing process. The contract manufacturer would perform all manufacturing responsibilities to ensure
compliance with FDA regulations. To date, we have entered into a development agreement with this contract manufacturer for these development
activities, but we have not yet entered into a contract manufacturing agreement. 

FDA Clearance 

The FDA requires us to meet all applicable regulations
for insulin pumps, a subcategory of infusion pumps, which are generally considered Class II devices by the FDA. The design of the MODD1
pump has been completed, units have been built and testing is underway to verify that the design meets all FDA requirements prior to submission.
There are 17 specific tests required to submit for 510(k) clearance. One of the more important tests addresses insulin stability, and
we must demonstrate that our MODD1 pump does not damage the insulin molecules during infusion. We have performed preliminary tests on
insulin stability to increase the likelihood that we will pass these tests. In an earlier version of our pump product candidate, we experienced
issues demonstrating insulin stability. To address those issues, we began working with a medical product contract manufacturer to develop
a full commercial version of our product utilizing alternative component parts. In addition, we must demonstrate: i) biocompatibility,
meaning that we don t use materials that compromise long-term patient safety, ii) occlusion detection, meaning that our device will
inform the patient of a lack of insulin delivery and iii) cybersecurity controls to ensure that our product has adequate security protection
to ensure it cannot be hacked by a third party. Appropriate design control and standard operating procedures have been implemented to
allow us, when testing is completed, to submit for clearance under the premarket notification (or 510(k)) process. To achieve this, we
will continue to work closely with our regulatory consultants to complete, finalize and file our submission to the FDA for 510(k) clearance
and all other documentation necessary to obtain marketing authorization of our insulin pump. 

12 

We have
engaged the FDA in three pre-submission conferences to ensure that we understand and meet the FDA s requirements, expectations
and standards with regard to clearance of our product candidate. At these meetings, our team, including our FDA regulatory consultant,
received FDA comments and guidance regarding our proposed submission during the pre-market notification period for 510(k) clearance (including
any suggested modifications to the device description, indications for use or summary of supporting data contained in the notification); 

We are currently
preparing our premarket notification, which will be part of our FDA submission. The purpose of the premarket notification is to
demonstrate that our insulin pump is substantially equivalent to an insulin pump that has: i) previously been cleared and approved for
use by the FDA and ii) legally marketed to the public and generally safe and effective for its intended use. We are also preparing other
parts of our submission to the FDA, which will include the relevant results of our performance and human factor tests relating to, among
other things, user effectiveness, sterility, pump efficiency and shipping compatibility demonstrating the accuracy and usability of our
insulin pump, which we believe will satisfy the mandates of the FDCA and any applicable performance standards. 

Commercialization Steps 

To commercialize our product, we must successfully
complete a number of material steps including: 

Continue to refine and finalize the production version of our product to ensure it meets: 

o FDA requirements for 510(k) clearance; 

o the general needs and preferences
of our Almost-Pumper target market based upon our knowledge of the diabetes industry and information available and/or obtained by us
from Almost Pumpers and their caregivers; and 

o the general guidelines of third-party
payors, private and public insurance companies, preferred provider organizations and other managed care providers with particular focus
on the guidelines established by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS which administers the United States Medicare program,
or Medicare. To assist us in making such modifications and refinements, we have retained independent consultants to focus on ensuring
that our product candidate satisfies the existing coverage and reimbursement criteria of such third-party payors. 

Refine our manufacturing process during the submission process to qualify and test our product for transfer to a manufacturer; We recently moved to a larger facility and have purchased production-level tools and assembly equipment to manufacture our disposable cartridge and reusable pump. It is our intention to transfer these tools to a tier 1 medical product manufacturer prior to product launch; 

Take such actions, if any, as may be required by the FDA as a condition to granting approval and providing 510(k) clearance for our insulin pump; and 

Hire and retain appropriate sales and marketing personnel to develop, implement and launch a promotional campaign for our insulin pump substantially focused on our target market. 

As with any medical device attempting to enter
and successfully compete with existing products in an established and competitive marketplace, we will face significant hurdles to accomplish
the above steps to commercialization including: 

Obtaining FDA 510(k) clearance to market and sell our insulin pump to the public; 

Obtaining any other FDA-required authorizations with regard to our product candidate, as required by the FDCA; 

Educating endocrinologists, physician s assistants, nurse practitioners and nurse educators, who typically prescribe pump usage, and certified diabetes educators and dieticians, who provide education and guidance to diabetes patients, as to what we believe to be the superior qualities of our product candidate; 

Demonstrating to select general practitioners, who have historically been skeptical of the heightened support inherent in insulin pumps, our product candidate s ease of use and convenience; 

13 

Ensuring that our final product does, in fact, meet the needs of Almost-Pumpers; 

Overcoming the historic obstacles and reluctance of Almost-Pumpers to using insulin pumps to treat their diabetes; and 

Ensuring that third party payors agree to cover all or a substantial portion of the purchase price and recurring costs of the use of our insulin pump. 

Looking Forward 

Going forward, we expect to continue to evolve
the MODD1 pumps and their capabilities and functionality both in response to patient needs and as part of our current platform roadmap. 

With our future MODD1+ product, we intend to seek to add phone-based control and Alternative Controller Enabled ACE and Automated Insulin Deliver AID capability to allow integration with popular continuous glucose monitors. This will expand our available market to include many existing pumpers. The new model has the same modular design and low-cost components as MODD1 and provides a much desired breakthrough for patients - two-factor command authentication that allows the wearer to use an application on his/her cell phone as the controller. 

AID control functionality is added via an ACE designation on the pump. 

Any approved algorithm controller can drive insulin delivery in auto mode. 

CGM integration allows the controller to potentially adjust basal insulin rate for meals and exercise with an approved algorithm. 

With our future MODD2 product, we will seek to move to a full-featured, multi-chamber pump optimized for high time in range fully autonomous close loop insulin delivery utilizing the form factor and cost advantages of its pumping designs to create an affordable, easy to use drug delivery system to realize the aspiration of true artificial pancreas systems. We envision moving to a drug prefill model such that cartridges can be filled with insulin or other drugs and shipped cold chain to patients, further simplifying the use process. 

14 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023,
we had 38 employees all of whom are located in the United States and 37 of whom are full-time employees, consisting of 34 in research
and development and manufacturing operations and 4 in general and administrative functions. 

Competition 

Today, in the United States, only three companies
are commercializing insulin pumps to T1D patients and insulin treated T2D patients: 

Medtronic - commercializes the durable Minimed 770G and also offers older durable pumps (670G, 630G etc.). In 2020, they held approximately 51 of the US insulin pump market. 

Tandem - commercializes the durable t:slim X2 pump (with or without algorithms - Basal-IQ and Control-IQ). In 2020, they held approximately 28 of the US insulin pump market. 

Insulet - commercializes the disposable Omnipod patch pump with about 19 of the US market in 2020. 

Older insulin pumps are also still being
used by a minority of patients previously provided by Roche or Animas though these pumps are not commercialized any longer. To a lesser
extent, the pumps described below are also used in small numbers. 

Medtronic pump and infusion set 
 Tandem pump and infusion set 

These three insulin pump offerings are vying for
the attention of the most motivated and well insured in hope of converting them away from their reliance on MDI. The t:slim X2 and Minimed
770G each have a ~ 5,000 list price that is covered through Durable Medical Equipment (DME) reimbursement and daily consumables, which
comprise cartridge, tubing and set for each three-day period, as well. These products have controllers integrated into the pump, making
them cumbersome and bulky, along with long (> 20 inch) tubing between the pump and the cannular site. The Omnipod is the third offering,
a patch pump that attaches to your body for 72 hours and uses a separate controller to manage the insulin delivery process. Insurance
coverage for Omnipod can be provided via DME but also via Pharmacy Benefit (PB). The Omnipod patch pump is more expensive per day and
less accurate than other insulin pumps, according to a Mende 2022 study. Around 33 of people living with T1D are currently using insulin
pumps; of these, the vast majority are using one of these three offerings, a statistic that has not changed significantly over the last
5+ years. 

All of these pump products require extensive training
to initiate, two to four hours per day to use and manage on an ongoing basis. We believe this level of sophistication and effort along
with the cost and awkwardness of these products contribute to the limited uptake. 

Although there are purely mechanical pumps available
to patients with a small percentage of T2D patients using the Mannkind V-Go patch pump, a fixed basal rate and a button to deliver small
boluses. This pump is simple to use though gives little performance decision to the user (no possibility to change the basal rate, no
possibility to stop bolus doses, small reservoir, pump that needs to be changed every day, etc.). The last available patch pump is provided
by Cequr, called Simplicity, a bolus only delivery option without basal delivery that is yet to be commercially available. 

15 

In the future, Medtronic intends to launch a new
version of their insulin pump, the Minimed 780G, already available in some European countries with an advanced algorithm, but no obvious
change in hardware. Tandem is currently developing a patch pump called Mobi, coupled with an algorithm with potential launch expected
in 2024. The Mobi is expected to have a small 2mL reservoir and would be controlled by a separate unit, similar to the current Omnipod
product. Insulet has also launched the Omnipod 5, a similar patch pump to their offering today, that includes an AID algorithm. 

Approximately 79 of the people who rely upon
MDI choose to not administer a shot outside of their house, which creates a poorly controlled group. MODD1 is designed to focus upon
a segment of these people and mobilize them via a simple, easy to use, affordable product. 

Intellectual Property 

Our success depends in part on our ability to
obtain patents and trademarks, maintain trade secret and know-how protection, enforce our proprietary rights against infringers, and operate
without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. Because of the length of time and expense associated with developing new
products and bringing them through the regulatory approval process, the health care industry places considerable emphasis on obtaining
patent protection and maintaining trade secret protection for new technologies, products, processes, know-how, and methods. 

As of March 31, 2023, we held three U.S. utility
and no foreign patents, and we also held 22 pending applications in the United States and abroad. The patents and patent applications
cover various aspects of our technology, including our proprietary fluid movement technology and associated features of our insulin delivery
methodology. There can be no assurance that the pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, that patents issued
to or licensed by us will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently
broad to protect our technology or provide us with a competitive advantage. 

Government Regulation 

Our operations are subject to comprehensive federal,
state, and local laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we or our research and development partners do business. The laws
and regulations governing our business and interpretations of those laws and regulations and are subject to frequent change. Our ability
to operate profitably will depend in part upon our ability, and that of our research and development partners and affiliates, to operate
in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The laws and regulations relating to medical products and healthcare services that
apply to our business and that of our partners and affiliates continue to evolve, and we must, therefore, devote significant resources
to monitoring developments in legislation, enforcement, and regulation in such areas. As the applicable laws and regulations change, we
are likely to make conforming modifications in our business processes from time to time. We cannot provide assurance that a review of
our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations or that
the regulatory environment will not change in a way that restricts our operations. 

16 

FDA Regulation 

In the United States, medical devices are strictly
regulated by the FDA. Under the FDCA, a medical device is defined as an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance,
implant, in vitro reagent, or other similar or related article, including a component, part or accessory which is, among other things:
intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in
man or other animals; or intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals, and which does not achieve
its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being
metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended purposes. This definition provides a clear distinction between a
medical device and other FDA regulated products such as drugs. If the primary intended use of a medical product is achieved through chemical
action or by being metabolized by the body, the product is usually a drug or biologic. If not, it is generally a medical device. 

We are currently developing an insulin pump delivery
system, which is regulated by the FDA as a medical device under the FDCA, as implemented and enforced by the FDA. The FDA regulates the
development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, servicing, advertising, promotion, marketing, distribution,
import, export, and market surveillance of our medical devices. 

Device Premarket Regulatory Requirements 

Before being introduced into the U.S. market, each medical device must
obtain marketing clearance or approval from the FDA through the premarket notification (or 510(k)) process, the de novo classification
process, or the premarket approval, or PMA, process, unless they are determined to be Class I devices or to otherwise qualify
for an exemption from one of these available forms of premarket review and authorization by the FDA. Under the FDCA, medical devices are
classified into one of three classes - Class I, Class II or Class III - depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device
and the extent of control needed to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. Classification of a device is important
because the class to which a device is assigned determines, among other things, the necessity and type of FDA review required prior to
marketing the device. Class I devices are those for which reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness can be maintained through adherence
to general controls which include compliance with the applicable portions of the FDA s Quality System Regulation (the QSR ),
as well as regulations requiring facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and appropriate, truthful
and non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials. The Class I designation also applies to devices for which there is
insufficient information to determine that general controls are sufficient to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness
of the device or to establish special controls to provide such assurance, but that are not life-supporting or life-sustaining or for a
use which is of substantial importance in preventing impairment of human health, and that do not present a potential, unreasonable risk
of illness or injury. 

Class II devices are those for which general controls
alone are insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness and there is sufficient information to establish special
controls. These special controls can include performance standards, post-market surveillance requirements, patient registries and
FDA guidance documents describing device-specific special controls. While most Class I devices are exempt from the premarket notification
requirement, most Class II devices require a premarket notification prior to commercialization in the United States; however, the FDA
has the authority to exempt Class II devices from the premarket notification requirement under certain circumstances. As a result, manufacturers
of most Class II devices must submit premarket notifications to the FDA under Section 510(k) of the FDCA (21 U.S.C. 360(k)) in
order to obtain the necessary clearance to market or commercially distribute such devices. To obtain 510(k) clearance, manufacturers must
submit to the FDA adequate information demonstrating that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to a predicate
device that is already on the market. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to PMA, meaning, (i)
a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 pre-amendments device and for which a PMA is not required, (ii)
a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I or (iii) a device that was found substantially equivalent through
the 510(k) process. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device identified by the applicant
in a premarket notification submission, the agency will grant 510(k) clearance for the new device, permitting the applicant to commercialize
the device. Premarket notifications are subject to user fees, unless a specific exemption applies. 

If there is no adequate predicate to which a manufacturer
can compare its proposed device, the proposed device is automatically classified as a Class III device. In such cases, a device manufacturer
must then fulfill the more rigorous PMA requirements or can request a risk-based classification determination for its device in accordance
with the de novo classification process. 

17 

Devices that are intended to be life sustaining
or life supporting, devices that are implantable, devices that present a potential unreasonable risk of harm or are of substantial importance
in preventing impairment of health, and devices that are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device and for which safety and effectiveness
cannot be assured solely by the general controls and special controls are placed in Class III. Such devices generally require FDA approval
through the PMA process, unless the device is a pre-amendments device not yet subject to a regulation requiring premarket approval. The
PMA process is more demanding than the 510(k) process. For a PMA, the manufacturer must demonstrate through extensive data, including
data from preclinical studies and one or more clinical trials, that the device is safe and effective for its proposed indication. The
PMA must also contain a full description of the device and its components, a full description of the methods, facilities and controls
used for manufacturing, and proposed labeling. Following receipt of a PMA submission, the FDA determines whether the application is sufficiently
complete to permit a substantive review. If the FDA accepts the application for review, it has 180 days under the FDCA to complete its
review and determine whether the proposed device can be approved for commercialization, although in practice, PMA reviews often take significantly
longer, and it can take up to several years for the FDA to issue a final decision. Before approving a PMA, the FDA generally also performs
an on-site inspection of manufacturing facilities for the product to ensure compliance with the QSR. 

The de novo classification process
allows a manufacturer whose novel device is automatically classified into Class III to request down-classification of its device to Class
I or Class II, on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk, as an alternative to following the typical Class III device
pathway requiring the submission and approval of a PMA application. We expect our MODD1 insulin pump product candidate to be a Class II
device, and we do not expect to be required to apply for down-classification under the de novo classification process. 

Clinical trials are almost always required to
support PMAs and are sometimes required to support 510(k) and de novo classification submissions. All clinical investigations
of devices to determine safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s investigational device exemption IDE regulations that govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of investigational devices, and specify
recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant
risk, as defined by the FDA, the agency requires the study sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective
prior to commencing human clinical trials. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA
denies the application or notifies the sponsor that the investigation is on hold and may not begin until the sponsor provides supplemental
information about the investigation that satisfies the agency s concerns. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other
concerns with an IDE that require modification of the study, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval.
The FDA may also notify the sponsor that the study is approved as proposed or approved with specific requested modification. Furthermore,
the agency may withdraw approval of an IDE under certain circumstances. In addition, the study must be approved by, and conducted under
the oversight of, an institutional review board, or IRB, for each clinical site. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the
patient according to criteria established by the FDA as part of the IDE regulations, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial after obtaining
approval for the trial by one or more IRBs without separate authorization from the FDA, but must still comply with abbreviated IDE requirements,
such as monitoring the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping requirements. 

Post-Marketing Restrictions and Enforcement 

After a device is placed on the market, numerous
regulatory requirements apply. These include, but are not limited to: 

submitting and updating establishment registration and device listings with the FDA; 

compliance with the QSR, which requires manufacturers to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation, record maintenance, including maintenance of complaint and related investigation files, and other quality assurance controls during the manufacturing process; 

unannounced routine or for-cause device facility inspections by the FDA, which may include our suppliers facilities; and 

labeling regulations, which prohibit the promotion of products for uncleared or unapproved (or off-label uses and impose other restrictions relating to promotional activities; 

corrections and removal reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by a device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; and 

post-market surveillance regulations, which apply to certain Class II or III devices when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

18 

In addition, under the FDA medical device reporting MDR regulations, medical device manufacturers are required to report to the FDA information that a device has or may have
caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or has malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious
injury if the malfunction of the device or a similar device of such manufacturer were to recur. The decision to file an MDR involves a
judgment by the manufacturer. If the FDA disagrees with the manufacturer s determination, the FDA can take enforcement action. 

The MDR requirements also extend to health care
facilities that use medical devices in providing care to patients, or device user facilities, which include hospitals, ambulatory
surgical facilities, nursing homes, outpatient diagnostic facilities, or outpatient treatment facilities, but not physician offices. A
device user facility must report any device-related death to both the FDA and the device manufacturer, or any device-related serious injury
to the manufacturer (or, if the manufacturer is unknown, to the FDA) within 10 days of the event. Device user facilities are not required
to report device malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur but may
voluntarily report such malfunctions through MedWatch, the FDA s Safety Information and Adverse Event Reporting Program. 

The FDA also has the authority to require the
recall of commercialized medical device products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. The authority
to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious adverse
health consequences or death. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall a product if any distributed devices fail to meet
established specifications, are otherwise misbranded or adulterated under the FDCA, or if any other material deficiency is found. The
FDA requires that certain classifications of recalls be reported to the FDA within ten working days after the recall is initiated. 

The failure to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

warning letters, fines, injunctions or civil penalties; 

recalls, detentions or seizures of products; 

operating restrictions; 

delays in the introduction of products into the market; 

total or partial suspension of production; 

delay or refusal of the FDA or other regulators to grant 510(k) clearance, PMA approvals, or other marketing authorization to new products; 

withdrawals of marketing authorizations; or 

in the most serious cases, criminal prosecution. 

To ensure compliance with regulatory requirements,
medical device manufacturers are subject to market surveillance and periodic, pre-scheduled and unannounced inspections by the FDA, and
these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of subcontractors. 

Federal Trade Commission Regulatory Oversight 

Our advertising for our products and services
is subject to federal truth-in-advertising laws enforced by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC as well as comparable
state consumer protection laws. Under the Federal Trade Commission Act (the FTC Act ), the FTC is empowered, among other
things, to (a) prevent unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce; (b) seek monetary
redress and other relief for conduct injurious to consumers; and (c) gather and compile information and conduct investigations relating
to the organization, business, practices, and management of entities engaged in commerce. The FTC has very broad enforcement authority,
and failure to abide by the substantive requirements of the FTC Act and other consumer protection laws can result in administrative or
judicial penalties, including civil penalties, injunctions affecting the manner in which we would be able to market services or products
in the future, or criminal prosecution. 

19 

Healthcare Law and Regulation 

United States 

If our MODD1 product candidate or our other future
product candidates are approved in the United States, we will have to comply with various U.S. federal and state laws, rules and regulations
pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and physician self-referral laws, rules and regulations. Violations
of the fraud and abuse laws are punishable by criminal and civil sanctions, including, in some instances, exclusion from participation
in federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. These laws include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal False Claims Act imposes civil penalties, and provides for civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and its implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 

the federal false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; 

the federal transparency requirements under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act require manufacturers of FDA-approved drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies covered by Medicare or Medicaid to report, on an annual basis, to the Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians, teaching hospitals, and certain advanced non-physician health care practitioners and physician ownership and investment interests; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by nongovernmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

Some state laws require pharmaceutical or medical
device companies to comply with the relevant industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated
by the federal government in addition to requiring drug and device manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians
and other health care providers or marketing expenditures. 

State and foreign laws also govern the privacy
and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted
by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. We also may be subject to, or may in the future become subject to, U.S. federal and state,
and foreign laws and regulations imposing obligations on how we collect, use, disclose, store and process personal information. Our actual
or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could result in liability or reputational harm and could harm our business. Ensuring
compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base and thereby decrease our future revenues. 

The European Union approves the use of medical
devices in a very different way. They have similar regulations and requirements to adhere to, however, a Notified Body, in the form of
a private company, will represent their interests and is required to have sufficient expertise to review all applications and the company s
internal processes to ensure the safety of the product for which approval is being requested. We are in the process of identifying a Notified
Body to represent us, and we will follow our FDA submission process with regard to preparing the materials and processes required to meet
the regulations and gain clearance. 

20 

European Union 

EEA 

In the European Economic Area, (which is comprised
of the 27 member states of the European Union plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein), or EEA, manufacturers of medical devices need to
comply with the Essential Requirements laid out in Annex I to the EU Medical Devices Directive (Council Directive 93/42/EEC) or with the
General Safety and Performance Requirements (GSPR) of the new EU Medical Devices Regulation (EU 2017/745). Compliance with these requirements
is a prerequisite to be able to affix the CE mark to medical devices, without which they cannot be marketed or sold in the EEA. To demonstrate
compliance with the Essential Requirements and the GSPR and obtain the right to affix the CE Mark, manufacturers of medical devices must
undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its classification. Except for low-risk
medical devices (Class I with no measuring function and which are not sterile), where the manufacturer can issue an EC Declaration of
Conformity based on a self-assessment of the conformity of its products with the Essential Requirements and the GSPR, a conformity assessment
procedure requires the intervention of a Notified Body, which is an organization designated by a competent authority of an EEA country
to conduct conformity assessments. Depending on the relevant conformity assessment procedure, the Notified Body would audit and examine
the Technical File and the quality system for the manufacture, design and final inspection of the devices. The Notified Body issues a
CE Certificate of Conformity following successful completion of a conformity assessment procedure conducted in relation to the medical
device and its manufacturer and their conformity with the Essential Requirements and GSPR. This Certificate entitles the manufacturer
to affix the CE mark to its medical devices after having prepared and signed a related EC Declaration of Conformity. As a general rule,
demonstration of conformity of medical devices and their manufacturers with the Essential Requirements and GSPR must be based, among other
things, on the evaluation of clinical data supporting the safety and performance of the products during normal conditions of use. Specifically,
a manufacturer must demonstrate that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use, that the known and
foreseeable risks, and any adverse events, are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its intended performance,
and that any claims made about the performance and safety of the device are supported by suitable evidence. 

All manufacturers placing medical devices into
the market in the EEA must comply with the EU Medical Device Vigilance System. Under this system, incidents must be reported to the relevant
authorities of the member states of the EEA, and manufacturers are required to take Field Safety Corrective Actions, or FSCAs, to reduce
a risk of death or serious deterioration in the state of health associated with the use of a medical device that is already placed on
the market. An incident is defined as any malfunction or deterioration in the characteristics and/or performance of a device, as well
as any inadequacy in the labeling or the instructions for use which, directly or indirectly, might lead to or might have led to the death
of a patient or user or of other persons or to a serious deterioration in their state of health. An FSCA may include the recall, modification,
exchange, destruction or retrofitting of the device. FSCAs must be communicated by the manufacturer or its legal representative to its
customers and/or to the end users of the device through Field Safety Notices. Where appropriate, our products commercialized in Europe
are CE marked and classified as either Class I or Class II. 

In 2017, the European Parliament passed the Medical
Devices Regulation, which repeals and replaces the EU Medical Devices Directive. Unlike directives, which must be implemented into the
national laws of the EEA member states, the regulations would be directly applicable (i.e., without the need for adoption of EEA member
State laws implementing them) in all EEA member states and are intended to eliminate current differences in the regulation of medical
devices among EEA member States. The Medical Devices Regulation, among other things, is intended to establish a uniform, transparent,
predictable and sustainable regulatory framework across the EEA for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic devices and ensure a high
level of safety and health while supporting innovation. 

The Medical Device Regulation was meant to become
applicable three years after publication (in May 2020). However, in April 2020, to allow EEA national authorities, notified bodies, manufacturers
and other actors to focus fully on urgent priorities related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the European Council and Parliament adopted Regulation
2020/561, postponing the date of application of the Medical Device Regulation by one year. The Medical Device Regulation became applicable
on May 26, 2021. Devices lawfully placed on the market pursuant to the EU Medical Devices Directive prior to May 26, 2021 may generally
continue to be made available on the market or put into service until May 26, 2025. The Medical Devices Regulation, among other things: 

strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces surveillance once they are available; 

establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers' responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 

improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through a unique identification number; 

sets up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and the public with comprehensive information on products available in the EU; and 

strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such as implants, which may have to undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market. 

21 

Corporate History and Background 

We were formed as a corporation under the laws
of the State of Nevada in October 1998 under the name Bear Lake Recreation Inc. We had no material business operations from 2002 until
July 2017, when we acquired Quasuras, Inc., a Delaware corporation Quasuras ), in the Acquisition (as defined below). Prior
to the Acquisition, and, since at least 2002, we were a shell company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

The Control Block Acquisition. On
April 26, 2017, pursuant to a Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2017, by and among Manchester Explorer, LP, a Delaware
limited partnership, we and certain persons named therein, Manchester Explorer, LP purchased from us 966,667 shares of our common stock,
representing a number of shares in excess of a majority of our then issued and outstanding common stock, for a purchase price of 375,000
(the Control Block Acquisition ), resulting in a change in control of the Company. In connection with the Control Block Acquisition,
James E. Besser was appointed president and a director and Morgan C. Frank was appointed the chief executive officer, chief financial
officer, secretary, treasurer and a director of ours and immediately following such appointments, our then officers and directors resigned.
Mr. Besser is the managing member of and Mr. Frank is the portfolio manager and a consultant to Manchester Management Company, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company also referred to herein as MMC. MMC is the general partner of Manchester Explorer, LP and Jeb Partners,
L.P. 

The Acquisition. On July 24,
2017, pursuant to a Reorganization and Share Exchange Agreement, by and among us, Paul M. DiPerna, the sole officer, director and a controlling
stockholder of Quasuras, Messrs. Besser and Frank (Messrs. Besser, Frank and DiPerna, collectively, the 3 Quasuras Shareholders ),
and Quasuras (the Share Exchange Agreement ), we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Quasuras owned by the
3 Quasuras Shareholders, resulting in Quasuras becoming our wholly-owned subsidiary (the Acquisition ). Simultaneously with
the closing of the Acquisition, Manchester Explorer, LP cancelled the 2,900,000 shares of our common stock purchased in the Control Block
Acquisition, Mr. Besser resigned as our president and a director and Mr. Frank resigned as our chief executive officer, chief financial
officer, secretary, and treasurer, but remained a director, and Mr. DiPerna was appointed our chairman of the board of directors, chief
executive officer, chief financial officer, secretary and treasurer. Mr. DiPerna served as our chief executive officer until August 2021. 

Available Information 

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as section 16 reports on Form 3, 4, or 5, are available free of charge on our website at www.modular-medical.com.
as soon as it is reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished with the SEC. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the
charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee are also available on our website. The
Code of Business Conduct and charters are also available in print to any stockholder upon request without charge. Requests for such documents
should be directed to Modular Medical, Inc., 10740 Thornmint Road, San Diego CA 92127, Attn. CFO. Our Internet website and the information
contained on it or connected to it are not part of, or incorporated by, reference into this Report. Our filings with the SEC are also
available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

Corporate Information 

We are a Nevada corporation, and Quasuras, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation, is our only subsidiary. Our corporate headquarters and operating facilities are located at 10740 Thornmint Road,
San Diego, CA 92127. Our telephone number is (858) 800-3500. We maintain a website at www.modular-medical.com. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We might not be able to continue
as a going concern. 

Our consolidated financial statements as of March
31, 2023 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. At March 31, 2023,
we had cash and cash equivalents of 3.8 million and an accumulated deficit of 48.5 million. In May 2023, we completed a public offering
of common stock and warrants for net proceeds to us of approximately 9.7 million. Even with these offering proceeds, we do not believe
that our cash and cash equivalents would be sufficient to fund our operations for the period of 12 months from the date of issuance of
this report, and we would need to raise additional capital. As a result of our expected operating losses and cash burn for the foreseeable
future and recurring losses from operations, if we are unable to raise sufficient capital through additional debt or equity arrangements,
there will be uncertainty regarding our ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate our business effectively, which raises substantial
doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, our stockholders would likely lose most
or all of their investment in us. 

22 

If we are unable to generate
sustainable operating profit and sufficient cash flows, then our future success will depend on our ability to raise capital. We intend
to seek additional financing and evaluate financing alternatives in order to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. We
cannot be certain that raising additional capital, whether through selling additional debt or equity securities or obtaining a line of
credit or other loan, will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms acceptable to us. If we issue additional securities to
raise funds, these securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of our common stock, and our current stockholders
may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our current
product development programs, cut operating costs, forego future development and other opportunities or even terminate our operations. 

We are a developmental stage medical
device company and have a history of significant operating losses; we expect to continue to incur operating losses, and we may never achieve
or maintain profitability. 

As a development-stage
enterprise, we do not currently have revenues to generate cash flows to cover operating expenses. Since our inception, we have incurred
operating losses in each year due to costs incurred in connection with research and development activities and general and administrative
expenses associated with our operations. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and, 2022, we incurred net losses of approximately 13.9 million
and 18.6 million, respectively. As a result, we need to raise additional capital in the future, which may or may not be available to
us at all or only on unfavorable terms. 

We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable
future as we continue the development of, and seek regulatory clearance and approvals for, our insulin pump. As our MODD1 insulin pump
is currently our only product, if it fails to gain regulatory approval and market acceptance, we will not be able to generate any revenue,
or explore other opportunities to enhance stockholder value, such as through a sale. If we fail to generate revenue and eventually become
profitable, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, our stockholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment. 

We will need substantial additional
funding to complete subsequent phases of the development of our insulin pump product candidate and to operate our business and such funding
may not be available or, if it is available, such financing is likely to substantially dilute our existing stockholders. 

The discovery, development, and commercialization
of new medical devices, such as our insulin pump, entails significant costs. While we believe that we have generally completed the engineering
and mechanical aspects of our insulin pump and cartridge along with production-level assembly equipment, we still must refine and finalize
our insulin pump to, among other things, meet the general needs and preferences of the Almost Pumper marketplace and the guidelines of
third-party payors. To enable us to accomplish these and other related items and continue to operate our business, we will need to raise
substantial additional capital and/or enter into strategic partnerships or joint ventures to enable us to: 

fund clinical studies and seek regulatory approvals; 

build or access manufacturing and commercialization capabilities; 

develop, test, and, if approved, market our product candidate; 

acquire or license additional internal systems and other infrastructure; and 

hire and support additional management, engineering and scientific personnel. 

Until we can generate a sufficient amount
of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never achieve, we expect to finance our cash needs primarily through
public or private equity offerings, debt financings or through the establishment of possible strategic alliances. We may in the future seek additional
capital from public or private offerings of our capital stock or borrow additional amounts under new credit lines or from other sources.
If we issue equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, we may incur significant
financing costs, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders.
In addition, if we raise additional funds through collaborations, licensing, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnership arrangements
or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to the MODD1 pump or our potential future products or
proprietary technologies or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

We cannot be certain that additional funding
will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are not able to secure additional equity funding when needed, we may have to delay,
reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our clinical studies, development programs or future commercialization initiatives. In
addition, any additional equity funding that we do obtain will dilute the ownership held by our existing equity holders. The amount of
this dilution may be substantially increased if the trading price of our common stock is lower at the time of any financing. Regardless,
the economic dilution to stockholders will be significant if our stock price does not increase significantly, or if the effective price
of any sale is below the price paid by a particular stockholder. Any debt financing that we obtain in the future could involve substantial
restrictions on activities and creditors could seek a pledge of some or all of our assets. We have not identified potential sources for
such financing that we will require, and we do not have commitments from any third parties to provide any future debt financing. If we
fail to obtain funding as needed, we may be forced to cease or scale back operations, and our business, prospects, results of operations,
financial condition and stock price would be adversely affected. 

23 

We have a limited operating history and historical financial
information upon which you may evaluate our performance. 

You should consider, among other factors,
our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, are in their early stages of
development. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully complete our studies and/or implement our existing
and new products. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock. Unanticipated problems,
expenses and delays are frequently encountered in establishing a new business, conducting research, and developing new products. These
include, but are not limited to, inadequate funding, failure to obtain regulatory approval, unforeseen research issues, lack of consumer,
physician or third-party payor acceptance, competition, sluggish product development, and inadequate sales and marketing. The failure
by us to meet any of these conditions would have a materially adverse effect upon us and may force us to reduce or curtail operations.
No assurance can be given that we can or will ever operate profitably. 

The amount of financing we require
will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our results of operations, financial condition and stock price
are likely to be adversely affected if our funding requirements increase or are otherwise greater than we expect. 

Our future funding requirements will depend
on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the testing costs for our insulin pump product candidate and other development activities conducted by us directly, and our ability to successfully conclude the studies and activities and achieve favorable results; 

our ability to attract future strategic partners to pay for or share costs related to our product development efforts; 

the costs and timing of seeking and obtaining regulatory clearance and approvals for our product candidate; 

the costs of filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing any patents and other intellectual property rights that we may have and defending against potential claims of infringement; 

decisions to hire additional scientific, engineering or administrative personnel or consultants; 

our ability to manage administrative and other costs of our operations; and 

the presence or absence of adverse developments in our research program. 

If any of these factors cause our funding
needs to be greater than expected, our operations, financial condition, ability to continue operations and stock price may be adversely
affected. 

Our future cash requirements may
differ significantly from our current estimates. 

Our cash requirements may differ significantly
from our estimates from time to time, depending on a number of factors, including: 

the costs and results of our clinical studies regarding our insulin pump product candidate; 

the time and costs involved in obtaining regulatory clearance and approvals; 

whether we are able to obtain funding under
future licensing agreements, strategic partnerships, or other collaborative relationships, if any; 

the costs of compliance with laws, regulations, or judicial decisions applicable to us; and 

the costs of general and administrative infrastructure
required to manage our business and protect corporate assets and stockholder interests. 

If we fail to raise additional funds on
a timely basis, we will need to scale back our business plans, which would adversely affect
our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price, and we may even be forced to discontinue our operations
and liquidate our assets. 

24 

Technological breakthroughs in diabetes
monitoring, treatment or prevention could render our insulin pump obsolete. 

The diabetes treatment market is subject
to rapid technological change and product innovation. Our insulin pump is based on our proprietary technology, but a number of companies,
medical researchers and existing pharmaceutical companies are pursuing new delivery devices, delivery technologies, sensing technologies,
procedures, drugs and other therapeutics for the monitoring, treatment and/or prevention of insulin-dependent diabetes. Any technological
breakthroughs in diabetes monitoring, treatment or prevention could render our insulin pump obsolete, which, since our insulin pump is
our only product candidate, would have a material adverse effect on our business, our insulin pump is our only product candidate, would have a material
adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition
and could result in stockholders losing their entire investment. 

Any failure to attract and retain
skilled directors, executives, employees and consultants could impair our product development and commercialization activities. 

Our business depends on the skills, performance,
and dedication of our directors, executive officers and key engineering, scientific and technical advisors. Many of our current engineering
or scientific advisors are independent contractors and are either self-employed or employed by other organizations. As a result, they
may have conflicts of interest or other commitments, such as consulting or advisory contracts with other organizations, which may affect
their ability to provide services to us in a timely manner. We will need to recruit additional directors, executive management employees,
and advisers, particularly engineering, scientific and technical personnel, which will require additional financial resources. In addition,
there is currently intense competition for skilled directors, executives and employees with relevant engineering, scientific and technical
expertise, and this competition is likely to continue. If we are unable to attract and retain persons with sufficient engineering, scientific,
technical and managerial experience, we may be forced to limit or delay our product development activities or may experience difficulties
in successfully conducting our business, which would adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operations are substantially
dependent upon key personnel. 

Our performance is substantially dependent
on the continued services and performance of our senior management and certain other key personnel. The loss of services of any of our
executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, any future expansion of our business will depend on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train, retain and motivate other
highly skilled managerial, marketing, customer service and manufacturing personnel, and our inability to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are dependent on the performance
and continued engagement of our Chairman, President and Principal Financial Officer. 

We are dependent on the performance and
continued engagement of Paul DiPerna, our chairman, president and principal financial officer. Although we believe we will be able to
engage qualified personnel for such purposes, an inability to do so could materially adversely affect our ability to market, sell, and
enhance our products. While Mr. DiPerna is currently devoting his full-time working efforts to us, other employees and consultants may
only be available to us on a part-time basis. The loss of one or more of our key employees, especially Mr. DiPerna, or our inability to
hire and retain other qualified employees, including but not limited to research and development, sales, manufacturing, and administrative
support staff, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We have limited internal research
and development personnel, making us dependent on consulting relationships. 

We consider research and development to
be an important part of the process of designing, developing, obtaining regulatory required approvals and the eventual commercialization
of our insulin pump. We continue to incur increased research and development expenditures, which are primarily attributable to effort
and expenses incurred in designing and developing our innovative insulin pump. We expect to continue to incur substantial costs related
to research and development. 

We will need to outsource and rely
on third parties for various aspects relating to the development, manufacture, sales and marketing of our insulin pump as well as in connection
with assisting us in the preparation and filing of our FDA submission, and our future success will be dependent on the timeliness and
effectiveness of the efforts of these third parties. 

We are dependent on consultants for important
aspects of our product development strategy. We do not have the required financial resources and personnel to carry out independently
the development of our product candidate, and do not have the capability or resources to manufacture, market or sell our current product
candidate. As a result, we contract with and rely on third parties for important functions, including in connection with the development
and finalization of our insulin pump, the preparation and filing of our FDA submission and eventual manufacturing and commercialization
of our product candidate. We have recently entered into several agreements with third parties for such services. If problems develop in
our relationships with third parties, or if such parties fail to perform as expected, it could lead to delays or lack of progress in obtaining
FDA clearance, significant cost increases, changes in our strategies, and even failure of our product initiatives. 

25 

We may not be able to identify,
negotiate and maintain the strategic alliances necessary to develop and commercialize our products and technologies, and we will be dependent
on our corporate partners if we do. 

We may seek to enter into a strategic
alliance with a diabetes-related service providing company for the further development and approval of our insulin pump product candidate.
At this time, we have not entered into any such strategic alliance. Strategic alliances, if entered into, could potentially provide us
with additional funds, expertise, access, and other resources in exchange for exclusive or non-exclusive licenses or other rights to the
product that we are currently developing or a product we may explore in the future. We cannot give any assurance that we will be able
to enter into strategic relationships with a diabetes-related service providing company or others in the near future or at all. In addition,
we cannot assure you that any agreements that we do reach will allow us to achieve our goals or that such grants will be on terms that
prove to be economically beneficial to us. When we do enter into strategic or contractual relationships, we become dependent on the successful
performance of our partners or counter-parties. If they fail to perform as expected, such failure could adversely affect our financial
condition, lead to increases in our capital needs, or hinder or delay our development efforts. See Our Business -Employees 
below. 

We may not receive the necessary regulatory
clearance or approvals for our insulin pump, and failure to timely obtain necessary clearances and/or approvals could harm our then operations,
including our ability to commercialize our product candidate. 

Before we can market a new medical device,
such as our insulin pump, we must first receive clearance under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA. 
In the 510(k) clearance process, before a device may be marketed, the FDA must determine that such proposed device is substantially
equivalent to a legally-marketed predicate device, which includes a device that has been previously cleared through
the 510(k) process, a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device), a device that was originally on
the U.S. market pursuant to a premarket approval (PMA) and later down-classified, or a 510(k)-exempt device. To be substantially
equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological
characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness than the predicate device. 

Certain future modifications made to our
product candidate, which we currently expect to be cleared through 510(k), may require a new 510(k) clearance. The 510(k) clearance process
can be expensive, lengthy and uncertain. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to 12 months, but it can last
longer. Despite the time, effort and cost, a device may not be approved or cleared by the FDA. Any delay or failure to obtain necessary
regulatory authorizations could harm our business, including our ability to commercialize our product candidate and our stockholders could
lose their entire investment. Furthermore, even if we are granted the required regulatory authorizations, such authorizations may be subject
to significant limitations on the indicated uses for the device, which may limit the market for our product candidate. 

If the FDA requires us to go through a
lengthier, more rigorous examination for our product candidate than we had expected, product introductions or modifications could be delayed
or canceled, which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 

The FDA can delay, limit or deny clearance
or approval for our insulin pump medical device for many reasons, including, for example: 

our inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction
of the FDA that our product candidate is substantially equivalent to the proposed predicate device; 

the disagreement of the FDA with the design
or implementation of our performance testing protocols or the interpretation of data from our performance testing; 

the data from performance testing may be insufficient to support a determination of substantial equivalence or that our device meets required special controls or applicable performance standards; 

our inability to demonstrate that the benefits of our pump outweigh the risks; 

the manufacturing process or facilities we intend to use may not meet applicable requirements; for example, we experienced issues maintaining insulin stability on an initial version of our pump product candidate, and we attributed this issue to the materials used in the production of our product; we believe we have made the necessary changes to our materials and process to address this issue and will be completing the required testing prior to our FDA submission; and 

the potential for approval policies or regulations of the FDA to change significantly in a manner rendering our data or regulatory filings insufficient for clearance or approval. 

In addition, the FDA may change its clearance
and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions, which may prevent or delay
approval or clearance of our product candidate or impact our ability to modify our product candidate after clearance on a timely basis.
Such policy or regulatory changes could impose additional requirements upon us that could delay our ability to obtain clearance for our
pump, increase the costs of compliance or restrict our ability to maintain our current approval. 

As a general rule, demonstration of conformity
of medical devices and their manufacturers with the essential requirements must be based, among other things, on the evaluation of data
supporting the safety and performance of the product candidates during normal conditions of use. Specifically, a manufacturer must demonstrate
that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use, that the known and foreseeable risks, and any adverse
events, are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its intended performance, and that any claims made about the
performance and safety of the device are supported by suitable evidence. 

26 

Obtaining marketing authorization
in the United States will not obviate the need to obtain marketing authorization in other jurisdictions We must obtain approval from foreign
regulatory authorities before we can market and sell any of our product candidates in countries outside the United States. We will incur
additional costs in seeking such approvals, may experience delays in obtaining such approvals and cannot be certain that such approvals
will be granted. 

The development, manufacture, and marketing
of our product candidates outside the United States is subject to government regulation. In most foreign countries, we must complete rigorous
pre-clinical testing and extensive human clinical trials that demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product in order to apply for regulatory
approval to market the product. If foreign regulatory authorities grant regulatory approval of a product, the approval may be limited
to specific indications or limited with respect to its distribution. Expanded or additional indications for approved devices may not be
approved, which could limit our potential revenues. Foreign regulatory authorities may refuse to grant any approval. Consequently, even
if we believe that pre-clinical and clinical data are sufficient to support regulatory approval for our products, foreign regulatory authorities
may not ultimately grant approval for commercial sale in any jurisdiction. If our product candidates are not approved in such jurisdictions,
our ability to generate revenues will be limited and our business will be adversely affected. 

Our competitors may develop products
that are more effective, safer and less expensive than ours. 

Existing insulin pumps are expensive,
with the more popular models having purchase prices exceeding 4,000 for individuals without health insurance and often require significant
patient copays. Others have daily use costs that exceed the reimbursement rates of many health insurance plans, forcing some users to
spend thousands of dollars a year in copays. We believe this makes insurers hesitant to pay for any pumps and places pumps out of reach
for many patients who cannot afford such out of pocket expenses. 

We are engaged in the diabetes treatment
sector of the healthcare marketplace, which is intensely competitive. There are current products that are quite effective at addressing
the effects of diabetes, and we expect that new developments by other companies and academic institutions in the areas of diabetes treatment
will continue. If approved for marketing by the FDA, depending on the approved clinical indication, our product will be competing with
existing and future products related to treatments for diabetes. 

Our competitors may: 

develop product candidates and market products that increase the levels of safety or efficacy that our product candidates will need to show in order to obtain regulatory approval; 

develop product candidates and market products that are less expensive or more effective than ours; 

commercialize competing products before we can launch any products we are working to develop; 

hold or obtain proprietary rights that could prevent us from commercializing our products; or 

introduce therapies or market medical products that render our potential product candidates obsolete. 

We expect to compete against large medical
device companies, such as Medtronic, Inc., Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. and Insulet Corporation and smaller companies that are collaborating
with larger medical device companies, new companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research
organizations. These competitors, in nearly all cases, produce similar products relative to the treatment of diabetes and have substantially
greater financial resources than we do. Our competitors also have significantly greater experience in: 

developing medical device and other product candidates; 

undertaking testing and clinical studies; 

building relationships with key customers and opinion-leading physicians; 

obtaining and maintaining FDA and other regulatory approvals; 

formulating and manufacturing medical devices; 

launching, marketing and selling medical devices; 

providing management oversight for all of the above-listed operational functions; and 

obtaining insurance coverage and reimbursement for our product. 

If we fail to achieve acceptance over
other existing or newly developed products, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval or successfully commercialize our MODD1 insulin
pump product candidate or any future products. If our competitors market medical devices that are less expensive, safer or more
effective than our insulin pump, or that gain or maintain greater market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively, which
would adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. See Business - Competition . 

27 

We expect to rely on third-party
manufacturers and will be dependent on their quality and effectiveness. 

Our insulin pump requires precise, high-quality
manufacturing. The failure to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards, including failure to detect or control anticipated or
unanticipated manufacturing errors or the frequent occurrence of such errors, could result in patient injury or death, discontinuance
or delay of ongoing or planned clinical studies, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns, product recalls or
withdrawals and other problems that could seriously hurt our business. Contract medical device manufacturers often encounter difficulties
involving production yields, quality control and quality assurance and shortages of qualified personnel. These manufacturers are subject
to stringent regulatory requirements, including the FDA s current good-manufacturing-practices regulations. If our contract manufacturers
fail to maintain ongoing compliance at any time, the production of our product could be interrupted, resulting in delays or discontinuance
of our clinical studies, additional costs and loss of potential revenues. 

We may not be able to successfully
scale-up manufacturing of our product candidate in sufficient quality and quantity, which would delay or prevent us from developing our
product candidate and commercializing our product candidate. 

In order to conduct larger-scale or late-stage
clinical studies and for commercialization of our insulin pump, if 510(k) clearance is granted, we will need to manufacture it in larger
quantities. We may not be able to successfully increase the manufacturing capacity for our product candidate in a timely or cost-effective
manner, or at all. In addition, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If we are unable to successfully scale up the manufacture
of our product candidate in sufficient quality and quantity, the development and testing of our product candidate and regulatory approval
or commercial launch may be delayed, which could significantly harm our business. 

We are dependent upon third-party
suppliers to manufacture our product, and this makes us vulnerable to supply shortages and price increases; we may not be able to obtain
an adequate supply of components on a timely basis or at all. 

The future manufacture of our product
will require the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of components from multiple suppliers in various countries. We intend to work closely
with our suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, but we cannot guarantee these efforts will be successful. Due to the supply chain issues
experienced by the semiconductor industry, at times, we have experienced delays obtaining integrated circuits from certain suppliers.
We may need to enter into take or pay contracts with suppliers. We have also seen price increases for various components.
We do not have supply agreements with any of our suppliers, and we make purchases based on individual purchase orders. An interruption,
delay, or inability to obtain components from our third-party suppliers at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could hinder our ability
to manufacture our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be subject to potential product
liability and other claims that could materially impact our business and financial condition. 

The development and sale of our insulin
pump exposes us to the risk of significant damages from product liability and other claims, and the use of our product candidate in clinical
studies may result in adverse effects from liability claims. We cannot predict all the possible harms or adverse effects that may result.
We intend to obtain product liability insurance to provide some protection from claims. Nonetheless, we may not have sufficient resources
to pay for any liabilities resulting from a personal injury or other claim, even if it is partially covered by insurance. In addition
to the possibility of direct claims, we may be required to indemnify third parties against damages and other liabilities arising out of
our development, commercialization and other business activities, which would increase our liability exposure. If third parties that have
agreed to indemnify us fail to do so, we may be held responsible for those damages and other liabilities as well. 

Legislative, regulatory, or medical
cost reimbursement changes may adversely impact our business. 

New laws, regulations and judicial decisions,
or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, that relate to the health care system in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions
may change the nature of and regulatory requirements relating to innovations in medical devices, testing and regulatory approvals, limit
or eliminate payments for medical procedures and treatments, or subject the pricing of medical devices to government control. In addition,
third-party payors in the U.S. are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement
of new products. Consequently, significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved health care products. Significant
changes in the health care system in the U.S. or elsewhere, including changes resulting from adverse trends in third-party reimbursement
programs, could have a material adverse effect on our projected future operating results and our ability to raise capital, commercialize
products, and remain in business. 

28 

We are subject to extensive regulation
by the FDA, which could restrict the sales and marketing of our insulin pump and could cause us to incur significant costs. 

Our insulin pump is subject to extensive
regulation by the FDA. These regulations relate to manufacturing, labeling, sale, promotion, distribution and shipping. Before a new medical
device, or a new intended use of a legally marketed device, can be marketed in the United States, it must be cleared or approved by FDA
through the applicable premarket review process (510(k), PMA, or de novo classification), unless an exemption applies. If we receive 510(k)
clearance for our insulin pump, we may be required to obtain new 510(k) clearances for significant post-market modifications to the pump.
Each premarket submission and review process can be expensive and lengthy, and entail significant user fees, unless exempt. 

Medical devices may be marketed only for
the indications for which they are approved or cleared. Further, 510(k) clearance can be revoked if safety or effectiveness problems develop
once the device is on the market. 

The current regulatory requirements to
which we are subject may change in the future in a way that adversely affects us. If we fail to comply with present or future regulatory
requirements that are applicable to us, we may be subject to enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: 

untitled letters, warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

customer notification, or orders for repair, replacement or refunds; 

voluntary or mandatory recall or seizure of our current or future products; 

administrative detention by the FDA of medical devices believed to be adulterated or misbranded; 

imposing operating restrictions, suspension or shutdown of production; 

refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance, PMA or de-novo classification of any new products, new intended uses or modifications to our insulin pump; 

rescinding 510(k) clearance that has already been granted; and 

criminal prosecution. 

The occurrence of any of these events
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could result in stockholders losing
their entire investment. 

Although our insulin pump product
candidate does not presently require clinical trials to apply to the FDA for clearance and even if a clinical trial is completed, the
results of our clinical testing may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the device or may be equivocal or otherwise not be sufficient
for us to obtain approval of our product candidate. 

Clinical trials are almost always required
to support a PMA application and may also be required to support 510(k) submissions although at this time ours does not require a PMA.
If the device presents a significant risk to human health as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires the study sponsor to submit
an investigational device exemption IDE application and obtain IDE approval prior to commencing human clinical trials.
The IDE must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device
in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. An IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the
FDA, unless the FDA denies the application or notifies the sponsor that the investigation is on hold and may not begin until the sponsor
provides supplemental information about the investigation that satisfies the agency s concerns. The FDA may also notify the sponsor
that the study is approved as proposed. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IDE that require modification
of the study, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. Furthermore, the agency may withdraw approval
of an IDE under certain circumstances. Clinical trials for a significant risk device may begin once an IDE is approved by the FDA and
the appropriate Institutional Review Board IRB at each clinical trial site. If the product is deemed a non-significant
risk device, IDE approval from the FDA would not be required, but the clinical trial would need to meet other requirements including
IRB approval. Our clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with FDA regulations and federal and state regulations concerning human
subject protection, including informed consent and healthcare privacy. A clinical trial may be suspended by the FDA or at a specific site
by the relevant IRB at any time for various reasons, including a determination that the risks to the trial participants outweigh the benefits
of participation in the clinical trial. Even if a clinical trial is completed, the results of our clinical testing may not demonstrate
the safety and efficacy of the device or may be equivocal or otherwise not be sufficient for us to obtain approval of our product. 

29 

Our success depends substantially
upon our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection relating to our product candidate and research technologies. 

We have applied to the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (the USPTO and various foreign patent agencies for patents on our proprietary fluid movement technology
and our insulin delivery methodology. To date, the USPTO has granted three patents to us, and we have additional applications pending
and in various stages of review by the USPTO and foreign patent agencies. There can be no assurance that we will be issued additional
patents by the USPTO or foreign patent agencies and that any of our patents will prevent other companies from competing with us. We will
continue to attempt to patent our innovations, as appropriate, to help ensure a sustainable competitive advantage. 

Due to evolving legal standards relating
to the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering health care product inventions, our ability to enforce our existing
patents and to obtain and enforce patents that may issue from any pending or future patent applications is uncertain and involves complex
legal, scientific and factual questions. To date, no consistent policy has emerged regarding the breadth of claims allowed in medical
device patents. Thus, we cannot be sure that any patents will issue from any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed
to us. Even if patents do issue, we cannot be sure that the claims of these patents will be held valid or enforceable by a court of law,
will provide us with any significant protection against competing products, or will afford us a commercial advantage over competitive
products. If, at some point in the future, one or more products resulting from our product candidates is approved for sale by the FDA
and we do not have adequate intellectual property protection for those products, competitors could duplicate them for approval and sale
in the United States without repeating the extensive testing required of us to obtain FDA approval. 

If we are sued for infringing on
third-party intellectual property rights, it will be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome would have a significant adverse
effect on our business. 

Our ability to commercialize our product
candidate depends on our ability to use, manufacture and sell our product candidate without infringing the patents or other proprietary
rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in the
diabetes medical device area. There may be existing patents, unknown to us, on which our activities with our insulin pump candidate could
infringe. 

If a third party claims that our actions
infringe on its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that could materially harm our competitive position,
including, but not limited to: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims that, even if meritless, can be costly and time-consuming, delay the regulatory approval process and divert management s attention from our core business operations; 

An order that we pay substantial damages for infringement, including consequential damages for lost of profits or market share, if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe on a third party s patent or other proprietary rights; 

a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our products or technologies unless the holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which it is not required to do; and 

even if a license is available from a holder, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross-licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights. 

If any of these events occur, it could
significantly harm our operations and financial condition and negatively affect our stock price. 

If we are unable to protect the
confidentiality of our proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. 

In addition to patented technology and
technology for which patent protection is being sought, we rely on our unpatented technology, trade secrets and know-how. We generally
seek to protect this information by confidentiality, non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements with our officers, employees,
contractors and other service providers and with parties with which we do business. These agreements may be breached, which breach may
result in the misappropriation of such information, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. We cannot be certain that
the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use or reverse engineering of our technology. 

Moreover, our trade secrets may be disclosed
to or otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. To the extent that our officers, employees, contractors, other
service providers, or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes
may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. If, for any of the above reasons, our intellectual property
is disclosed or misappropriated, it would harm our ability to protect our rights and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

30 

Intellectual property rights do
not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 

The degree of future protection afforded
by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect
our business, or permit us to gain and maintain a competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 

others may be able to make devices that are similar to our insulin pump but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own; 

we or any collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own; 

we might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

issued patents that we own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges; 

our competitors might conduct research and
 development activities in the U.S. and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain
 research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and then use the information
 learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; and 

we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

Healthcare reform and drug-pricing
reform laws could adversely affect our product candidate and financial condition. 

In the United States, there have been,
and continue to be, a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (ACA), was enacted in the United States, which
made a number of substantial changes in the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among other ways in
which it may affect our business, the ACA implemented payment system reforms, including a national pilot program on payment bundling to
encourage hospitals, physicians, and other providers to improve the coordination, quality, and efficiency of certain healthcare services
through bundled payment models and expanded the eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs. Since its enactment, there have been judicial,
executive, and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. It is unclear how the ACA and its implementation, as well as efforts
to repeal or replace, or invalidate, the ACA, or portions thereof, will affect our insulin pump or our business. Additional legislative
changes, regulatory changes, and judicial challenges related to the ACA remain possible. It is possible that the ACA, as currently enacted
or as it may be amended in the future, and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, could have an adverse effect
on our industry generally and on our ability to commercialize our insulin pump and achieve profitability. We have assumed in all of our
financial projections that there is not an increase in the reimbursement for our product through the pharmacy or durable medical equipment
routes. 

President Biden intends, as his predecessor
did, to take action against drug prices which are considered high. Drug pricing continues to be a subject of debate at the
executive and legislative levels of U.S. government. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 includes a provision that will eliminate the
statutory cap on rebates drug manufacturers pay to Medicaid beginning in January 2024. With the elimination of the rebate cap, manufacturers
may be required to compensate states in an amount greater than what the state Medicaid programs pay for the drug. Additionally, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 contains substantial drug pricing reforms, including the establishment of a drug price negotiation program within
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that would require manufacturers to charge a negotiated maximum fair price 
for certain selected drugs or pay an excise tax for noncompliance, the establishment of rebate payment requirements on manufacturers of
certain drugs payable under Medicare Parts B and D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and requires manufacturers to provide
discounts on Part D drugs. Substantial penalties can be assessed for noncompliance with the drug pricing provisions in the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could have the effect of reducing the prices we can charge and reimbursement we receive
for our products, if approved, thereby reducing our profitability, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. The effect of Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on our business and the pharmaceutical industry
in general is not yet known. 

At the state level, legislatures have
increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient
reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures,
and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect that additional federal, state
and foreign healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments
will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in limited coverage and reimbursement and reduced demand for our products,
once approved, or additional pricing pressures. 

31 

These and other healthcare reform measures
that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that
we receive for any current product or future product candidate. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government healthcare
programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare
reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. Legislative and regulatory
proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for drugs. We cannot be sure
whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or
what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of any current or future product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased
Congressional scrutiny of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us
to more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

Even if we are able to obtain all
regulatory approvals and have completed all other steps needed to be taken to commercialize our insulin pump, if we or any contract manufacturers
we select fails to comply with the FDA s quality system regulations, the manufacturing and distribution of our product candidate
could be interrupted, and our product sales and operating results could suffer. 

We have established initial, low-volume manufacturing
capability in our facility, and we have selected an initial, tier one contract manufacturer. We and the contract manufacturer of our insulin
pump will be required to comply with the FDA s quality system regulations, which impose a complex regulatory framework that covers
the procedures and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage
and shipping of medical devices. The FDA enforces its quality system regulations through periodic unannounced inspections. We cannot assure
you that, in the future, any manufacturing facilities owned by us or any contract manufacturer will pass any quality system inspection.
In the event that our or any contract manufacturer s facilities fails a quality system inspection, the manufacturing or distribution
of our product candidate could be interrupted and our operations disrupted. Failure to take adequate and timely corrective action in response
to an adverse quality system inspection could force a suspension or shutdown of any packaging and labeling operations or then manufacturing
operations of any contract manufacturers, or a recall of our insulin pump. If any of these events were to occur, we at such time would
not be able to provide our customers with the quantity of insulin pumps that they require on a timely basis, our reputation could be harmed
and we could lose any customers we then have, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We may bring infringement claims
or other legal proceedings against third parties, causing us to spend substantial resources on litigation and exposing our own intellectual
property portfolio to challenge. 

We may come to believe that third parties
are infringing on our patents or other proprietary rights. To prevent infringement or unauthorized use, we may need to file infringement
and/or misappropriation suits, which are very expensive and time-consuming, could result in meritorious counterclaims against us and would
distract management s attention. Also, in an infringement or misappropriation proceeding, a court may decide that one or more of
our patents is invalid, unenforceable, or both, in which case third parties may be able to use our technology without paying license fees
or royalties. Even if the validity of our patents is upheld, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue
on the grounds that the other party s activities are not covered by our patents. See Business - Patents, below. 

We may become involved in disputes
with our present or future contract partners over intellectual property ownership or other matters, which would have a significant effect
on our business. 

Inventions discovered in the course of
performance of contracts with third parties or contractors may become jointly owned by such third party contractors and us, in some cases,
and the exclusive property of one of us, in other cases. Under some circumstances, it may be difficult to determine who owns a particular
invention or whether it is jointly owned, and disputes could arise regarding ownership or use of those inventions or jointly developed
improvements thereto. Other disputes may also arise relating to the performance or alleged breach of our agreements with third parties.
Any disputes could be costly and time-consuming, and an unfavorable outcome could have a significant adverse effect on our business. 

Assuming our insulin pump receives
FDA clearance or approval, our insulin pump will still be subject to recalls, which would harm our reputation, business operations and
financial results. 

Even assuming we obtain FDA approval or
clearance with regard to our insulin pump, the FDA has the authority to require the recall of our pump if we commence manufacturing of
our insulin pump and we or any contract manufacturers we retain fail to comply with relevant regulations pertaining to manufacturing practices,
labeling, advertising or promotional activities, or if new information is obtained concerning the safety or efficacy of the device. A
government-mandated recall could occur if the FDA finds that there is a reasonable probability that our device would cause serious, adverse
health consequences or death. A voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of manufacturing defects, labeling deficiencies, packaging
defects or other failures to comply with applicable regulations. Any recall would divert management s attention and financial resources
and harm our reputation with customers. A recall involving our insulin pump would be particularly harmful to our business, financial condition
and results of operations because it is currently our only product candidate. 

32 

Any disruption and/or instability
in economic conditions and capital markets could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets, and thus adversely affect
our business and liquidity. 

Negative economic conditions and instability
or uncertainty in the financial markets could have a negative impact on our ability to access the capital markets, and thus have a negative
impact on our then operations and liquidity. We face certain risks in the event of a sustained deterioration of financial market liquidity,
as well as in the event of sustained deterioration in the liquidity, or failure, of our banking, cash management and custodial financial
institutions. A general shortage of liquidity and credit combined with the substantial losses in worldwide equity markets could lead to
an extended worldwide recession in the future. If such occurred, we would face significant challenges if conditions in the capital markets
did not improve. Our ability to access the capital markets under such circumstances could be severely restricted at a time when we need
to access such markets, which could have a negative impact on our business plans. Even if we are able to raise capital under such circumstances,
it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable to us. We cannot predict the occurrence of future disruptions or how long such
negative conditions might continue. 

Because our current insulin pump
is still in the pre-clearance stage with the FDA, it does not have reimbursement and is not approved for insurance coverage. If in the
future we are cleared for and are otherwise able to commercialize our insulin pump, but are unable to obtain adequate reimbursement or
insurance coverage for such product candidate from third-party payors, we will be unable to generate significant revenue. 

Because our current insulin pump is still
in the pre-clearance stage with the FDA, it is not eligible for reimbursement and is not approved for insurance coverage. The future availability
of insurance coverage and reimbursement for newly approved medical devices is highly uncertain. In the United States, patients using insulin
pumps are generally reimbursed for all or part of the product cost by Medicare or other third-party payors. Any future commercial success
of our insulin pump will be substantially dependent on whether third-party coverage and reimbursement is available for future customers.
Medicare, Medicaid, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs
by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medical devices, and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate
reimbursement for our insulin pump, assuming we are able to fully develop and obtain all regulatory approval to market it in the United
States. In addition, in certain countries, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services exists
among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for medical device products and services can differ significantly from
payor to payor. In addition, payors continually review new technologies for possible coverage and can, without notice, deny coverage for
these new products and procedures. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will
require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained or maintained, if obtained. Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly
by country and by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on a country-by-country basis. In many international
markets, a product must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. Further, many international
markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new devices and procedures. Accordingly, unless government
and other third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement for our insulin pump, patients may not use it, which would cause investors
to lose their entire investment. 

We are subject to oversight by the
SEC and other regulatory agencies. Investigations by those agencies could divert management s focus and could have a material adverse
effect on our reputation and financial condition. 

We are subject to the regulation and oversight
of the SEC and state regulatory agencies, in addition to the FDA. As a result, we may face legal or administrative proceedings by these
agencies. We are unable to predict the effect of any investigations on our business, financial condition or reputation. In addition, publicity
surrounding any investigation, even if ultimately resolved in our favor, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

33 

We are a smaller reporting
company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, our common
stock may be less attractive to investors. 

We are a smaller reporting company, 
and are subject to lesser disclosure obligations in our SEC filings compared to other issuers. Specifically, smaller reporting
companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings, are exempt from the provisions of
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings,
including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures
in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze our operating
results and financial prospects. 

We do not expect any cash dividends
to be paid on our shares of common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared or paid a cash
dividend and we do not anticipate declaring or paying dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We expect to use future
financing proceeds and earnings, if any, to fund operating expenses. Consequently, stockholders only opportunity to achieve a return
on their investment is if the price of our stock appreciates and they sell their shares at a profit. We cannot assure stockholders of
a positive return on their investment when they sell their shares or that stockholders will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 

If the beneficial ownership of our
common stock continues to be highly concentrated, it may prevent our stockholders from influencing significant corporate decisions. 

As of March 31, 2023, our executive officers,
directors and certain persons who may be deemed affiliates beneficially owned approximately 50 of our issued and outstanding common stock.
Specifically, James Besser, our chief executive officer, was the beneficial owner of approximately 29 of our outstanding common stock.
As a result, such persons may exercise substantial influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval including,
without limitation, the election of directors, certain mergers, consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of our assets or
any other significant corporate transactions. Such persons may also vote against a change of control, even if such a change of control
would benefit our other stockholders. Thus, investors in our common stock cannot reasonably expect to have any influence over the election
of our directors or other matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Instead, our existing significant stockholders may exert a
substantial influence on the election of our directors and any actions requiring or otherwise put to a stockholder vote, potentially in
a manner that you do not support. The concentrated amount of control over our affairs held by a relatively few significant investors could
serve to reduce the attractiveness or liquidity of our common stock, and thereby depress its trading price. Additionally, conflicts of
interest may arise between these executive officers, directors and other affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our other stockholders,
on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts of interests, these investors may favor their own interests and the interests of their
affiliates, over the interests of our other stockholders, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Future sales of our securities could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our future capital-raising activities could involve the issuance of equity securities,
which would dilute your investment and could result in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 

We may sell securities in the public or
private equity markets at prices per share below the current market price of our common stock, even if we do not have an immediate need
for additional capital at that time. Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could
occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our shares and our ability to raise capital. We may issue additional shares
of common stock in future financing transactions or as incentive compensation for our executive management and other key personnel, consultants
and advisors. Issuing any equity securities would be dilutive to the equity interests represented by our then-outstanding shares of common
stock. Moreover, sales of substantial amounts of shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely
affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. Such resulting significant
downward pressure on the price of our common stock could also encourage short sales by third parties. Such an event could place further
downward pressure on the price of our common stock. 

34 

Our articles of incorporation allow
for our board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has the authority
to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Currently, our board of directors has the authority to designate
and issue up to 5,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further stockholder approval. In the future, our board of directors could
authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock that would grant to holders, among other rights, the preferred right to
our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and
the right to the redemption of our preferred shares acquired by such persons, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our
common stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting
power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common
stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

If we fail to establish and maintain
an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud. Any inability
to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely affect the trading price of our
common stock. 

Effective internal controls are necessary
for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may
not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business and reputation
with investors may be harmed. If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls, we may not have adequate, accurate or timely financial
information, and we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act). In addition, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results in future periods or report
them within the timeframes required by the requirements of the SEC or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, when and as applicable, could also potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities.
Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could
result in identification of additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 

Furthermore, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and related regulations require our management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
the end of each fiscal year. Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were
effective as of March 31, 2023. We cannot provide assurance that, in the future, a material weakness or significant deficiency will not
exist or otherwise be discovered. If that were to happen, it could harm our operating results and cause stockholders to lose confidence
in our reported financial information. Any such loss of confidence would have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. 

Our board of directors is able to
adopt recapitalizations through forward or reverse splits of our outstanding shares of common stock without stockholder approval. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated articles
of incorporation, our board of directors has the power, without obtaining stockholder approval, to effectuate recapitalizations of us
through forward or reverse splits of our outstanding common stock. As a result of such provision, our board of directors can implement
recapitalizations of us by effectuating a forward or reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock, which would increase or decrease
each of our stockholder s number of shares owned, and our stockholders will have no right to approve or disapprove any such action
even if such actions have a material adverse effect on them. 

35 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 

In January 2023, we entered into a
new lease agreement with a 48-month term, effective February 1, 2023, pursuant to which we leased approximately 24,000 square feet of
a building located in San Diego, California. We occupied this space in March 2023, as the lease for our former corporate facility in San
Diego, California expires June 30, 2023. In addition to the minimum lease payments under these leases, we are responsible for property
taxes, insurance and certain other operating costs under. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. 

ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any material
legal proceeding that we believe is likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. These claims, even if not meritorious,
could result in the expenditure of significant financial resources and diversion of management efforts. to any pending legal proceeding.
To the knowledge of our management, no federal, state or local governmental agency is presently contemplating any proceeding against us.
No director, executive officer or affiliate of ours or owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of our common stock is
a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us in any proceeding. 

ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable 

36 

PART II 

ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information
for Common Stock 

Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol MODD. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 31, 2023, we had approximately
70 stockholders of record. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of stockholders of record and includes stockholders
who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of stockholders of record
also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance
under Equity Compensation Plan 

For information regarding securities authorized
for issuance under equity compensation plans, please refer to Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters . 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any
cash dividend on our capital stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and we intend to retain all
of our earnings, if any, to finance our growth and operations and to fund the expansion of our business. Payment of any dividends will
be made in the discretion of our board of directors, after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating
results, current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion. Any dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock, must
also be paid in the same consideration or manner, as the case may be, on our shares of preferred stock, if any. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Set forth below is information regarding
securities issued by us within the past three years that were not registered under the Securities Act. Also included is the consideration,
if any, received by us for such issuances, and information relating to the section of the Securities Act, or rule of the Securities and
Exchange Commission, under which exemption from registration was claimed. 

Director Compensation 

On each of March 31, 2023, December 30, 2022,
and September 30, 2022 we issued 6,375 shares of our common stock to four of our non-employee directors in accordance with our Outside
Director Compensation Plan (the Director Plan ). On August 8, 2022, we issued 5,000 shares of our common stock to two of
our non-employee directors in accordance with the Director Plan. On June 30, 2022, we issued 2,664 shares of our common stock to two of
our non-employee directors in accordance with the Director Plan. On March 31, 2022, we issued 15,250 shares of our common stock to
four of our non-employee members of our board of directors in accordance with the Director Plan. On December 31, 2021, we issued 5,775
shares of our common stock to four of our non-employee members of our board of directors in accordance with the Director Plan. On September
30, 2021, we issued 3,636 shares of our common stock to four of our non-employee directors in accordance with the Director Plan. On June
30, 2021, we issued 1,836 shares of our common stock to four of our non-employee directors in accordance with the Director Plan. 

37 

Service
Providers 

In March 2023, we issued 10,000 shares of our
common stock to a service provider. In March 2023, we issued 478 shares of our common stock to a service provider. In February 2023, we
issued 438 shares of our common stock to a service provider. In May 2022, we issued 348 shares of our common stock to a service provider.
In March 2022, we issued 45,000 shares of our Common Stock to a service provider. In January 2022, we issued 16,666 shares of our common
stock to service providers. In October 2021, we issued 8,334 shares of our common stock to service providers. In April 2021, we issued
20,000 shares of our common stock to a service provider. 

2022
Placement 

In May 2022, we issued warrants in a private placement
to purchase an aggregate of 1,438,202 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 6.60 per share. The warrants were exercisable six
months from the date of issuance and have a five-year term from the date the warrants become exercisable. 

Officer Purchases of Common Stock 

In October 2021, we sold to two of our executive
officers a total of 30,864 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of 8.10 per share, which resulted in gross proceeds to us of
 250,000. 

2021 Placement 

Between February and May 2021, we issued
to accredited investors in a private placement 6,610,550 aggregate principal amount of our 12 unsecured convertible promissory notes,
due 12 months from each respective issuance date, at par and warrants to purchase in the aggregate 761,912 shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of 24.00 per share, exercisable for a 5-year period, as provided in such warrants. 

ITEM 6: RESERVED 

ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, or the Report. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations may
contain statements that are forward-looking. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risk,
uncertainties and other factors. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as may, will, 
 expect, believe, anticipate, intend, could, estimate, 
or continue, and similar expressions or variations. Actual results could differ materially because of the factors discussed
in Part I, Item 1A, These risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements. 

Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of
each calendar year. Each reference to a fiscal year in this Report, refers to the fiscal year ended March 31 of the calendar year indicated
(for example, fiscal 2023 refers to the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023). Unless the context requires otherwise, references to we, 
 us, our, and the Company refer to Modular Medical, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary. 

Company Overview 

We are a development-stage medical
device company focused on the design, development and commercialization of an innovative insulin pump using modernized technology to increase
pump adoption in the diabetes marketplace. Through the creation of a novel two-part patch pump, our MODD1 product, we seek to fundamentally
alter the trade-offs between cost and complexity and access to the higher standards of care that presently-available insulin pumps provide.
By simplifying and streamlining the user experience from introduction, prescription, reimbursement, training and day-to-day use, we seek
to expand the wearable insulin delivery device market beyond the highly motivated super users and expand the category into
the mass market. The product seeks to serve both the type 1 and the rapidly growing, especially in terms of device adoption, type 2 diabetes
markets. 

Historically, we have financed our
operations principally through private placements and public offerings of our common stock and sales of convertible promissory notes.
Based on our current operating plan, substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year
from the date that the financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report are issued exists. Our ability to continue as a going concern
depends on our ability to raise additional capital, through the sale of equity or debt securities, to support our future operations. If
we are unable to secure additional capital, we will be required to curtail our research and development initiatives and take additional
measures to reduce costs. We have provided additional disclosure in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of this
Report and under Liquidity below. 

38 

Recent Economic Disruptions 

The global
outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency
by the U.S. government in March 2020. This negatively affected the U.S. and global economy, disrupted global supply chains, significantly
restricted travel and transportation, resulted in mandated closures and orders to shelter-in- place and created significant
disruption of the financial markets. While the U.S. national emergency expired in May 2023 and substantially all closures and shelter-in-place 
orders have ended, there can be no assurance that the COVID-19 pandemic will not impact our operational and financial performance in the
future, as the duration and spread of the pandemic and related actions taken by U.S. and foreign government agencies to prevent disease
spread are uncertain, out of our control, and cannot be predicted. 

The continued spread of COVID-19
has also led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets. The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has led to further
economic disruptions. Mounting inflationary cost pressures and recessionary fears have negatively impacted the global economy. Since mid-2022,
the U.S. Federal Reserve has addressed elevated inflation by increasing interest rates, as inflation remains elevated. While we were recently
able to access the capital markets, in the future, we may be unable to access the capital markets, and additional capital may only be
available to us on terms that could be significantly detrimental to our existing stockholders and to our business. 

For additional information on risks
that could impact our future results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. 

Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be
read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Report. 

Research and Development 

Years ended March 31, 
 Year-over-Year Change 

2023 
 2022 
 2023 to 2022 
 
 Research and development 
 9,061,744 
 7,729,240 
 1,332,504 
 17.2 

Our research and development expenses include
personnel, consulting, testing, materials and supplies and other costs associated with the development of our insulin pump product candidate.
We expense research and development costs as they are incurred. 

Research and development, or R D,
expenses increased in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 primarily due to increases in engineering and operations personnel costs of
 1.8 million, stock-based compensation expenses of 0.6 million and materials and supplies expenditures of 0.4 million. Our R D employee
headcount increased to 34 at March 31, 2023 from 23 at March 31, 2022. These increases were partially offset by a 1.4 million decrease
in consulting costs, as we increased our engineering and operations headcount during fiscal 2023 and reduced our use of consultants as
we advanced the development of our pump product candidate. R D expenses included stock-based compensation expenses of approximately
 1.4 million and 0.8 million for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. We expect R D expenses to continue to increase in fiscal
2024, as we complete the development of our pump product candidate, continue to engage third parties to test our product in preparation
of our FDA submission, hire additional engineering, quality assurance, and operations personnel and complete the development of a low-volume
manufacturing process. 

39 

General and Administrative 

Years ended March 31, 

Year-over-Year Change 

2023 

2022 

2023 to 2022 

General and administrative 

4,816,567 

7,197,162 

(2,380,595) 

(33.1) 

General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of personnel and related overhead costs for marketing, finance, human resources and general management. 

General and administrative, or G A, expenses
decreased in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 primarily as a result of decreased stock-based compensation expenses of 1.9 million,
personnel costs of 0.5 million and reduced consulting and professional services fees of 0.3 million. The decreases were partially offset
by increased rent expenses of 0.2 million and increased travel costs of 0.2 million. G A expenses included stock-based compensation
expenses of approximately 1.4 million and 3.3 million for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. We expect G A expenses to increase
in fiscal 2024, as we will increase headcount as we expand our organization to support our anticipated growth and prepare for the expected
commencement of the commercialization of our product in fiscal 2024. 

Interest Expense 

Years ended March 31, 
 Year-over-Year Change 

2023 
 2022 
 2023 to 2022 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 2,752,229 
 (2,752,229 
 (100 

Interest expense in fiscal year 2022
comprised interest accrued on our convertible promissory notes, including amortization of debt issuance costs, and our promissory (bridge)
note. We retired our outstanding convertible and bridge promissory notes in February 2022. See Notes 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial
statements included in Item 8 of this Report for additional disclosure. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As a development-stage enterprise,
we do not currently have revenues to generate cash flows to cover operating expenses. Since our inception, we have incurred operating
losses and negative cash flows in each year due to costs incurred in connection with R D activities and G A expenses associated
with our operations. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we incurred net losses of approximately 13.9 million and 18.6 million,
respectively. At March 31, 2023, we had a cash balance of 3.8 million and an accumulated deficit of approximately 48.5 million. When
considered with our current operating plan, these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
for a period of at least one year from the date that the financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report are issued. Our financial
statements do not include adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should we be unable
to continue as a going concern. Our operating needs include the planned costs to operate our business, including amounts required to fund
research and development activities, including clinical studies, working capital and capital expenditures. Our ability to continue as
a going concern depends on our ability to raise additional capital, through the sale of equity or debt securities to support our future
operations. In May 2023, we completed a public offering of units, comprising shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase shares
of our common stock, for net proceeds of approximately 9.7 million. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of our available
funds will depend on many factors, including, without limitation, our ability to successfully commercialize our product, competing technological
and market developments, and the need to enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies or technologies to
enhance or complement our product offerings. If we are unable to secure additional capital timely, we may be required to curtail R D
initiatives, reduce headcount and take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash. 

Purchase Obligations 

Our primary purchase obligations include purchase
orders for machinery and equipment. At March 31, 2023, we had outstanding purchase orders for machinery and equipment and related expenditures
of approximately 833,000. 

In fiscal 2023, we used 11,011,644 in operating activities, which
primarily resulted from our net loss of 13,878,936 plus changes to operating assets and liabilities of 211,824, as adjusted for non-cash
charges and gains, which included 2,724,048 of stock-based compensation expenses, 202,669 for issuances of shares of our common stock
in exchange for services, depreciation and amortization expenses of 152,399, and other immaterial adjustments. The changes in operating
assets and liabilities primarily related to the timing of payments to vendors. In fiscal 2022, we used 10,259,528 in operating activities,
which primarily resulted from our net loss of 18,632,761 less changes to operating assets and liabilities of 374,991, as adjusted for
non-cash charges and gains, which included stock-based compensation expenses of 4,031,902, amortization of debt issuance costs of 1,833,618,
a loss on debt extinguishment of 1,321,450, accrued interest of 666,338, 395,950 for issuances of shares of common stock in exchange
for services, and depreciation and amortization expenses of 117,490, partially offset by a gain on PPP note forgiveness of 368,780 and
other immaterial adjustments. The changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily related to the timing of payments to vendors. 

40 

For fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, cash used in investing activities
of 1,637,751 and 54,764, respectively, was for the purchase of property and equipment. 

Cash provided by financing activities
for fiscal 2023 totaled 7,372,347 and was attributable to proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock in a registered direct offering
and issuance of warrants to purchase common stock in a private placement in May 2022, net of placement
agent fees and issuance costs . Cash provided by financing activities for fiscal 2022 totaled 17,922,199 and was attributable to
 13,535,000 of net proceeds from a public offering of our common stock and common stock purchase warrants in February 2022, 4,137,199
of net proceeds from the issuance of our convertible promissory notes, 2,100,000 of net proceeds from issuance of a bridge promissory
note, and 250,000 of proceeds from a private placement of common stock to officers, which were partially offset by the 2,100,00 repayment
of the bridge promissory note. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements
are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements in Item 8 of this Report describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. We have identified the accounting policies below as some of the more critical to our business and the
understanding of our results of operations. These policies may involve estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses. Although we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate, actual future results may differ
from our estimates, and if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different from our reported
results. 

Use of estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. Estimates may include those pertaining to accruals, stock-based compensation and income taxes. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. 

Stock-based compensation 

We recognize stock-based compensation
for stock options granted to employees and non-employees on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, usually the vesting
period, based on the grant-date fair value. We estimate the value of stock options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing
model. The determination of fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by
the option price, as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are
not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and projected stock option exercise behaviors. The expected
volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock price. 

Income taxes 

We determine deferred tax assets and
liabilities based upon the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of our assets and liabilities using tax rates in
effect for the year in which we expect the differences to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is established for any deferred
tax assets for which it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based on the available
information and other factors, management believes it is more likely than not that our federal and state net deferred tax assets will
not be fully realized, and we have recorded a full valuation allowance. 

41 

We account for uncertain tax positions
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 740, Income Taxes . When tax
returns are filed, it is likely that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others
are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. The
benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence,
management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals
or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement
with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured
as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with
any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest associated with unrecognized
tax benefits is classified as interest expense and penalties are classified in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

Leases 

We account for our leases under ASC 842, Leases 
(ASC 842), and related ASUs, which provide supplementary guidance and clarifications. Under ASC 842, all significant lease arrangements
are generally recognized at lease commencement. Operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the
commencement date. A ROU asset and corresponding lease liability are not recorded for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less
(short-term leases), and we recognize lease expense for these leases as incurred over the lease term. 

ROU assets represent our right to use
an underlying asset during the reasonably certain lease terms, and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising
from the lease. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise
that option. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease
payments over the lease term. We use our incremental borrowing rate, based on the information available at commencement date in determining
the present value of lease payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments related to initial direct cost and
prepayments and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not maintain any off-balance
sheet arrangements or obligations that are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

Contractual Obligations 

As a smaller reporting company, 
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the information requested by paragraph (a)(5) of this Item. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements in Item 8 of this Report for a full description of relevant recent accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required. 

42 

ITEM
8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Accounting Firm Farber Hass Hurley LLP 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

To the Audit Committee and 
Stockholders of Modular Medical, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Modular Medical, Inc. (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company's Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared to assume the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has incurred losses from operations and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its future operations
until profitability is achieved. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (ii) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they
relate. 

F- 2 

Going Concern 

As described further in Note 1, the Company has
incurred losses since inception, and expects to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future and incur cash outflows
from operations as it continues to invest in the development and subsequent commercialization of its product. The Company expects that
its research and development and general and administrative expenses will continue to increase, and, as a result, the Company will need
to generate significant product revenues to achieve profitability. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. 

We identified management s assessment of
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter due to the inherent complexities and uncertainties
related to the Company s projections of operations. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

- We evaluated the reasonableness of key assumptions underlying management s conclusion. 

- We evaluated that the disclosures included in the Form 10-K were complete and accurate and in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

- We evaluated the impact of the Company s existing financing arrangements and future capital needs
over the next 12 months on its ability to continue as a going concern. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

As discussed in Note 8, during the year ended
March 31, 2023, the Company granted options to purchase shares of its common stock to employees, directors and consultants. Management
is required to analyze the fair value of each option granted and amortize it over its vesting period. 

We identified the recognition of stock options
as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management when developing underlying assumptions regarding the fair
value of the options. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included: 

- We gained an understanding of Company s processes and controls in place for determining the fair
value of each granted option. 

- We evaluated the option price model management selected to determine the fair value, and analyzed the
underlying data used in the calculations. 

- We also recalculated the fair value of each option granted. 

/s/ 

Firm ID 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2018. 

June 26, 2023 

F- 3 

Modular
Medical, Inc. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

March
 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Prepaid
 expenses and other 

Security
 deposit 

TOTAL
 CURRENT ASSETS 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Right
 of use assets, net 

Security
 deposit 

TOTAL
 NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Short-term
 lease liabilities 

TOTAL
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Long-term
 lease liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 11) 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Preferred Stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Modular
Medical, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

Basic and diluted

Shares used in computing net loss per share 

Basic and diluted

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Modular
Medical, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated
 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 as of March 31, 2021 

Issuance
 of common stock upon public offering, net of issuance costs 

Issuance
 of common stock in settlement of convertible notes and accrued interest 

Placement
 of common stock 

Warrants
 issued with convertible notes 

Shares
 issued for services 

Shares
 issued for reverse stock split 

Issuance
 of common stock under equity incentive plan 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of March 31, 2022 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants in equity offering, net 

Shares
 issued for services 

Issuance
 of common stock under equity incentive plan 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of March 31, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Modular
Medical, Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Year ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on PPP note forgiveness 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Accrued interest 

Shares issued for services 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Other 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Change in lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from private placement, net 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes, net 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note 

Repayment of promissory note 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants, net 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure: 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Right of use asset obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Fair value of detachable warrants issued with convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock 

Cash paid for: 

Income taxes 

Interest paid 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

MODULAR
MEDICAL, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 8 

. No reserve has been made in the financial statements for any possible loss due to financial
institution failure. 

F- 9 

to . Depreciation is recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.
Leasehold improvements and assets acquired through capital leases are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful life or the
lease term, and amortization is recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Construction-in-process
includes machinery and equipment and is stated at cost and not depreciated. Depreciation on construction-in-process commences when the
assets are ready for their intended use and placed into service. 

F- 10 

Common stock warrants 

Total 

percent likely of being realized upon settlement with
the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as
described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets along with
any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest associated with unrecognized
tax benefits is classified as interest expense and penalties are classified in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

F- 11 

Computer equipment and software 

Construction-in-process 

Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 

Less:
 accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment,
 net 

Other 

-month lease term commenced April 1, 2020, and the lease provides for an initial monthly rent of approximately annual rent
increases of approximately . In addition to the minimum lease payments, the Company is responsible for property taxes, insurance and
certain other operating costs. A discount rate of , which approximated the Company s incremental borrowing rate, was used to
measure the lease asset and liability. The Company obtained a right-of-use asset of in exchange for its obligations under the
operating lease. The landlord also provided a lease incentive of approximately , which was paid to the Company in June 2020,
for the Company to make improvements to the leased space. In addition, the Company paid a security deposit. 

Thornmint
Road, San Diego, CA 

The
 -month lease term commenced February 1, 2023, and the lease provides for an initial base monthly rent of with annual rent increases
of approximately . In addition to the minimum lease payments, the Company is responsible for property taxes, insurance and other certain
operating costs. A discount rate of , which approximated the Company s incremental borrowing rate, was used to measure the lease
asset and liability. The Company obtained a right-of-use asset of in exchange for its obligations under the operating lease. 

Future
minimum payments under the facility operating leases, as of March 31, 2023, are listed in the table below. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
of lease liabilities was and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Rent expense was and
 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 12 

unsecured loan (the PPP Note) under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP), which was
established under the U.S. government s Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act). The PPP Note to the
Company was made through Silicon Valley Bank (the Lender), and the Company entered into a U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck
Protection Program Note with the Lender evidencing the PPP Note. The full amount of the PPP Note was due in April 2022 and interest accrued
on the outstanding principal balance of the PPP Note at a fixed rate of per annum, which was deferred for 10 months after the covered
period during which the Company used the proceeds. 

In
May 2021, the Lender and the U.S. Small Business Administration notified the Company that the outstanding principal and accrued interest
for the PPP Note was forgiven in full. The Company accounted for the forgiveness of the PPP Note in accordance with ASC Topic 470, and
the amount forgiven was recorded as a gain on extinguishment and recognized in the other income line of the consolidated statements of
operations. 

of convertible promissory notes (each an Original Note and, collectively, the
Original Notes), at par in a private placement transaction effected pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Effective April 30, 2021, pursuant to a revocation and replacement agreement between each holder
of an Original Note and the Company (the Revocation Agreement), the of Original Notes and accrued interest thereon as of April
30, 2021 were replaced with aggregate principal amount of Notes and 2021 Warrants (as defined below). The Company accounted
for the replacement of the Original Notes in accordance with ASC 470 and recorded a loss on extinguishment of and interest
expense of for unamortized debt issuance costs as of April 30, 2021. 

During the three months ended June 30, 2021, pursuant
to a securities purchase agreement by and between the Company and each investor (the SPA), the Company sold to investors aggregate
principal amount of convertible promissory notes (the Notes) and warrants to purchase shares of its common stock (the 2021 Warrants).
The Notes were unsecured obligations of the Company with each Note having a stated maturity date of months from its issue date and
accrued interest at a rate of per annum, payable on maturity. If the Company completed an offering of its common stock or other securities
in excess of of gross proceeds (a Qualified Capital Raise, as defined in the Notes), each Note holder would be required to
convert its Adjusted Note Amount (as defined below) into the securities of such Qualified Capital Raise. Adjusted Note Amount equals the
product of 

In
connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company issued the 2021 Warrants to purchase in the aggregate shares of its common
stock at an initial exercise price of per share. The fair value of the 2021 Warrants was , of which was recorded
as a debt discount and amortized to interest expense, and was recorded as a loss on debt extinguishment. The Company calculated
the fair value of the Warrants utilizing the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following assumptions: volatility of , risk-free
interest rate of , a term of years and a dividend yield of . 

Upon
the closing of a public offering in February 2022, which was a Qualified Capital Raise, in accordance with their terms, the Notes converted
into shares of common stock and the holders of the Notes received an additional common stock purchase warrants with
an exercise price of per share. In addition, as a result of the February 2022 equity offering, the exercise price of the 
outstanding 2021 Warrants was reduced to per share. 

F- 13 

revolving credit facility with
all amounts being drawn down by the Company thereunder being due and payable, subject to acceleration in the event of a default, on (the Maturity Date). Interest at the rate of was payable on each drawn down without regard to the draw down date or the date
when interest is paid. During fiscal 2022, the Company made draws on the Bridge Note of and incurred interest charges of .
In February 2022, subsequent to the completion of the 2022 Offering (see Note 7), the Bridge Note and accrued interest was paid in full. 

shares of the Company s common stock and warrants (the Offering Warrants and, collectively with the shares
of common stock, the Units), each to purchase one share of common stock. The price to the public in the 2022 Offering was per Unit,
before underwriting discounts and commissions. The common stock and the Offering Warrants comprising the Units were immediately separable
upon issuance and were issued separately. The Offering Warrants were exercisable immediately, have an exercise price of per share
and expire on . The gross proceeds from the 2022 Offering were , before deducting approximately 
of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 

Placements
of Common Stock and Warrants 

On
May 2, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement) with an institutional investor, pursuant
to which the Company sold, in a registered direct offering, which closed on May 5, 2022, an aggregate of shares (the Shares)
of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at a purchase price per Share of and pre-funded warrants (the
Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at a purchase price per Pre-Funded Warrant of .
The Pre-Funded Warrants will be exercisable immediately on the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share and may be exercised
at any time until all of the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. In a concurrent private placement under the Purchase Agreement,
the Company issued to the Investor warrants (the Private Placement Warrants) to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock
at an exercise price of per share. The Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable beginning on the six-month anniversary of
the date of issuance (the Initial Exercise Date) and will expire on the five-year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date. 

In
October 2021, the Company sold shares of common stock to two officers, its i) chief executive officer and ii) the chairman of
the Company s board of directors (the Board), president, chief financial officer and treasurer, at a purchase price of 
per share, for gross proceeds of approximately . 

Issuances
of Common Stock and Warrants 

During
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued and shares of common stock to service providers, respectively,
with fair values of approximately and , respectively. 

F- 14 

Common stock 

Common stock 

Common stock 

Total 

As
of March 31, 2022, the Company had the following warrants outstanding: 	 

Common stock 

Total 

shares of common stock reserved
for issuance. In January 2020 and August 2021, the Board approved increases in the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan
by and shares, respectively. In January 2023, the Company s stockholders approved an increase in the number of
shares reserved for issuance under the Plan by an additional shares. Under the Plan, eligible employees, directors and consultants
may be granted a broad range of awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance-based awards
and restricted stock units. The Plan is administered by the Board or, in the alternative, a committee designated by the Board. 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

The
expense relating to stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, usually the vesting period,
based on the grant date fair value. The unamortized compensation cost, as of March 31, 2023, was related to stock options
and is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately . 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company granted options to
purchase shares of its common stock to employees, directors and consultants. The options had -year terms and options
vested immediately when granted. 

F- 15 

and , respectively. The following assumptions were used in the fair-value
method calculations: 

- 
 - 
 
 Volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected life (years) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

The fair values of options at the grant date were
estimated utilizing the Black-Scholes valuation model, which includes simplified methods to establish the fair term of options. The expected
volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock price. The risk-free interest rate was derived from the
Daily Treasury Yield Curve Rates, as published by the U.S. Department of the Treasury as of the grant date for terms equal to the expected
terms of the options. A dividend yield of zero was applied because the Company has never paid dividends and has no intention to pay dividends
in the foreseeable future. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. 

A
summary of stock option activity under the Plan is presented below: 

Additional shares authorized under the Plan 

Options granted 

Share awards 

Options cancelled and returned to the Plan 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

Additional shares authorized under the Plan 

Options granted 

Share awards 

Options cancelled and returned to the Plan 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

There
were no stock options exercised during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The Company issued shares to its non-employee
directors under the Company s outside director compensation plan and approximately was recorded as stock-based compensation
expense for these share awards during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

The
following table summarizes the range of outstanding and exercisable options as of March 31, 2023: 

4.18 - 7.51 

8.61 - 17.70 

The
intrinsic value per share is calculated as the excess of the closing price of the common stock on the Company s principal trading
market over the exercise price of the option at March 31, 2023. 

F- 16 

Deferred portion: 

Federal 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

At
March 31, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) of approximately for federal income tax purposes
and for state income tax purposes. These NOLs are available to reduce future taxable income and will expire at various times
from 2037 through 2043, except federal NOLs from fiscal 2018 and later, which will never expire. 

The
Company also had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately , which will begin expiring at
various times from 2038 through 2042, and state research and development credits of approximately , which do not have an expiration
date. 

A
reconciliation of income taxes provided at the federal statutory rate to the actual income tax provision is as follows: 

State tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Research and development tax credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Effective income tax rate 

The
losses before income tax provision for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were solely attributable to US operations. Significant
components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities were: 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Property and equipment 

Reserves, accruals other 

Research and development
 tax credits 

Total deferred tax assets 

Section 179 assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets,
 net 

F- 17 

on each sale of
a royalty product or (b) of the gross sale price of the royalty product, whichever is less. The royalty payments will cease, and the
agreement will terminate, at such time as the total sum of royalty payments actually paid to the Founder, pursuant to the agreement,
reaches . The Company has the option to terminate the agreement at any time upon payment, to the Founder, of the difference
between total royalty payments actually made to him to date and the sum of . All payments of the royalties, if due, for the
preceding quarter, will be made by the Company to the Founder within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. 

. 

of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock as of March 31, 2023. Mr. Besser is the Company s chief executive
officer and a managing member of MMC. Mr. Frank is one of our directors and serves as the portfolio manager of Explorer and as a managing
member of MMC. 

The
daughter of the Founder is an employee of the Company. During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid her 
and , respectively, which includes the aggregate grant date fair value, as determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718, of stock
options granted to her. 

In May 2021, a member of the Board purchased 
aggregate principal amount of Notes (the Director Note). On February 14, 2022, in connection with the Offering, the Director Note and
 of accrued interest thereon were converted into shares of common stock and Offering Warrants. 

In
February 2021, Explorer, which is represented by Mr. Frank, and the Founder (the Related Party Holders) purchased and , aggregate principal amount of the Original Notes, respectively. Effective April 30, 2021, the Related Party Holders
entered into revocation agreements with the Company pursuant to which their aggregate principal amount of Original Notes and accrued
interest were replaced with Notes. On February 14, 2022, the Related Party Holders held Notes in an aggregate principal amount of
 and , respectively, with and of interest payable thereon. In connection with the
Offering, the Related Party Holders received and shares of common stock, respectively,
and and Offering Warrants, respectively. 

F- 18 

, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and other offering expenses. The Company sold shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase shares of its common
stock. The securities were sold as a unit, with each unit consisting of shares of common stock of the Company and warrant (the
2023 Warrant) to purchase share of common stock, at a public offering price of
 per unit. The 2023 Warrants were immediately separable and exercisable, had a per share exercise price of and expire
 from the date of issuance. The 2023 Offering closed on May 18, 2023. 

Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriter a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional shares
of common stock and an additional of the 2023 Warrants to cover over-allotments, if any. On May 25, 2023, the Underwriter
exercised in full this option and purchased the additional securities for aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of approximately
 , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses. 

The
Underwriter was paid a cash fee of of the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering and reimbursed certain out-of-pocket expenses
of . Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company issued to the Underwriter a five-year warrant to purchase shares
of common stock a per share exercise price of . 

The
Underwriting Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing,
indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriter, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and related
 lock-up agreements, the Company, each director and executive officer of the Company, and certain stockholders have agreed
with the Underwriter not to offer for sale, issue, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of our common stock or
securities convertible into common stock for a period of 90 days after May 17, 2023. 

F- 19 

ITEM
9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed with or furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures
include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our management
concluded that as of March 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible controls. Internal control over financial reporting is the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management
and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

43 

Because
of its inherent limitations, cost-effective internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal
control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention
of overriding controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to consolidated financial statement preparation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted
an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. In making this assessment, we used the criteria based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2023 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B: OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable 

44 

PART III 

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

The names of our directors, executive
officers and certain information about each of them at March 31, 2023 are set forth below. 

Name 

Age 
 Position 
 
 James Besser 
 47 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Paul DiPerna 
 64 
 President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Kevin Schmid 
 63 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 William J. Febbo(1) 
 54 
 Director 
 
 Steven Felsher(2)(3) 
 74 
 Director 
 
 Morgan C. Frank 
 51 
 Director 
 
 Philip Sheibley(2)(3) 
 64 
 Director 
 
 Carmen Volkart(1)(2) 
 62 
 Director 
 
 Ellen O Connor Vos 
 67 
 Director 

(1) Member of Compensation Committee 

(2) Member of Audit Committee 

(3) Member of Nominating and Governance Committee 

There are no family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers. 

The principal occupations and
positions for at least the past five years of our directors and executive officers are described below. 

James Jeb Besser .
Mr. Besser has served as our chief executive officer since February 23, 2022 and combines over 25 years of experience in alternative investments,
strategic advisory, corporate strategy and corporate governance. Since 1999, he has been a Managing Member at Manchester Management Company,
LLC Manchester ), an investment management firm. Mr. Besser is also currently a director of River Stone Biotech, a development
stage specialty bioprocessing company. He holds a B.A. in history from Brown University. We believe that Mr. Besser is qualified to serve
as member of our board of directors due to his extensive prior experience conducting financial analysis of public companies (certain of
which were in the development stage), including such public companies management teams, products, including products in the development
stage, the potential markets for such products and other factors that could affect the likelihood and timing of success and market penetration
of such entities products as well as his capital raising activities. We believe this provides us with valuable insights into the
financial markets and investment criteria of institutional and other investors as well as capital raising activities. 

Paul DiPerna. Mr. DiPerna
has been our chairman, chief financial officer, president and treasurer since we acquired Quasuras in July 2017. He also served as our
chief executive officer from July 2017 until August 2021, and as our Secretary from July 2017 to October 2021. In 2015, he founded Quasuras,
an early-stage medical device company developing an insulin pump product, and, until its acquisition by us, he served as its chief executive
officer and chairman. Prior to that, Mr. DiPerna founded Fuel Source Partners, LLC to incubate early stage medical device products and
accumulate technical talent. Our current pump product was one of such proposed products and was spun-out to Quasuras in 2015. From 2012
to 2015, he served as a co-inventor at a private company with property rights in a medical device used for blood borne infection control
called the Curos Cap, which was acquired by 3M Corporation. In 2003, Mr. DiPerna founded Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. Tandem and held various positions, including as director, chief executive officer and chief technology officer and was primarily responsible
for the design concept and development of Tandem s initial insulin pump. Prior to that, he held executive and management positions
at Baxter Healthcare Corporation Baxter where he was tasked with identifying synergistic opportunities in the diabetes
industry. As a result, Mr. DiPerna developed substantial expertise and knowledge in the diabetes industry and led attempts by Baxter to
acquire three insulin pump manufacturers. Previously, he held mechanical design engineering positions in the automated test equipment
and blood separation sciences industries. Mr. DiPerna holds approximately 70 patents in medical device and microfluidic technology and
has achieved numerous product clearances with the FDA. He has also achieved multiple successful exits with previous companies. Mr. DiPerna
received a Masters in Engineering Management from Northeastern University and a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of
Massachusetts and has spent over 35 years in the medical-device industry. We believe that Mr. DiPerna is qualified to serve as the chairman
of our board of directors due to his extensive knowledge and experience in the medical-device industry generally, and, in particular,
with regard to insulin pumps and the diabetes industry, as well as his management and leadership experience from holding director and
senior executive positions in other public and private companies and leading project development teams of medical device companies. 

45 

Kevin Schmid . Mr. Schmid
has served as our chief operating officer since July 21, 2022. He has over 19 years of experience in medical device senior management
and high-volume global manufacturing operations. He served as a consultant to the Company from March 2022 until his hire date. Mr. Schmid
has served as a member of the board of directors of Eitan Medical, an Israel based provider of connected infusion and wearable drug delivery
solutions, since 2018. From 2018 through June 2021, he served as the Chief Executive Officer and a board member of Common Sensing, Inc.,
a disposable injector pen dose monitoring and reporting technology company. From 2016 to 2017, Mr. Schmid was Vice President of Drug Delivery
Systems for the Stevanato Group, a provider of innovative packaging and drug delivery solutions for the pharmaceutical industry. From
2003 to 2015, Mr. Schmid was Vice President of Manufacturing, Operations, and Drug Delivery Systems for Insulet Corporation. He has a
BSME degree from Clarkson University and an MBA from Sacred Heart University. 

William J. Febbo. Mr. Febbo was appointed to our board of directors in January 2020. He is currently the Chief
Executive Officer and a director of OptimizeRx Corporation, a digital health company focused on bringing life sciences support to patients
and providers, having joined the company in 2016. Since April 2022, he has served as member of the board of directors of Augmedix, Inc.,
a Nasdaq-listed provider of automated medical documentation and data services. Mr. Febbo founded Plexuus, LLC, a payment processing business
for medical professionals in September 2015 and remained its Chairman from September 2015 to December 2020. From April 2007 to September
2015, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Merriman Holdings, Inc., an investment banking firm, where he assisted with capital raises
in the technology, biotechnology, clean technology, consumer and resources industries. Mr. Febbo was a co-founder of, and from September
2013 to September 2015 served as Chief Executive Officer of, Digital Capital Network, Inc. a transaction platform for institutional and
accredited investors. He was a co-founder of, and from January 1999 to September 2015 was Chief Executive Officer of, MedPanel, LLC, a
provider of market intelligence and communications for the pharmaceutical, biomedical, and medical device industries. Since 2017, Mr.
Febbo has been a faculty member of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology s linQ program, which is a collaborative initiative
focused on increasing the potential of innovative research to benefit society and the economy. Since 2004, he has been a board member
of the United Nations Association of Greater Boston, a resource for the citizens of Greater Boston on the broad agenda of critical global
issues addressed by the United Nations and its agencies. He holds a B.A. in international studies and Spanish from Dickinson College.
We believe that Mr. Febbo is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his wealth of experience in building and managing
health services and financial businesses. Mr. Febbo brings more than 20 years of experience in building and managing health services and
financial businesses. 

On January 29, 2018, the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority FINRA accepted a Letter of Acceptance, Waiver and Consent (the Consent submitted by
Mr. Febbo. Without admitting or denying the findings, Mr. Febbo consented to the sanctions and to the entry of findings that he permitted
Merriman Capital, Inc. to conduct a securities business while below its net capital requirement. From August 2012 to October 2015, he
was the Financial and Operations Principal FinOp for a registered broker-dealer, Merriman Capital, Inc. Merriman ).
During certain months, while Mr. Febbo was FinOp, FINRA found that certain of Merriman s net capital filings with FINRA were inaccurate
because of the method by which Merriman calculated net capital and that, when corrected, it was retroactively determined that Merriman
had operated below its minimum net capital requirements. Mr. Febbo, as FinOp, signed certain of these reports and was thus held responsible.
Based on the Consent, in settlement, Mr. Febbo, who was then no longer registered with any broker-dealer, accepted a fine of 5,000, a
10-business day suspension from acting as FinOp for any FINRA member and required to requalify by examination for the Series 27 license
before again acting in a FinOp capacity. 

Steven Felsher. Mr. Felsher was
appointed to our board of directors in November 2021. Mr. Felsher is an experienced executive with respect to finance, administration,
governance and other aspects of public and private company management. He has served as a member of the board of directors of Signal Hill
Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, since March 2021. From August 2018 to July 2020, he served as a member of the
board of directors of Sito Mobile, Inc., a publicly-traded company that provided customized, data-driven solutions for brands spanning
all forms of media. From January 2011 to June 2019, Mr. Felsher was a senior advisor at Quadrangle Group LLC, a private investment firm
focused on the information and communications technology sectors. He spent a substantial portion of his career with Grey Global Group
Inc., a global marketing services company, where he served as a senior executive from 1979 until 2007, most recently as vice chairman
and chief financial officer. He holds a BA in classical Greek from Dickinson College and a J.D. from Yale University School of Law. We
believe that Mr. Felsher is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive business experience with administration,
governance, capital allocation and other aspects of public and private company management. 

46 

Morgan C. Frank. Mr. Frank
was appointed to our board of directors in April 2017. In August 2022, he was appointed as chairman of the board of directors of SANUWAVE
Health, Inc., a publicly-traded provider of wound-care products. Mr. Frank has worked with Manchester, LP since May 2002, and, prior to
such time, he was a founder and managing director at First Principles Group, a boutique consultancy and principal investor specializing
in corporate restructuring, restarts, intellectual property assessment and salvage, and spin outs. Prior to such time, Mr. Frank spent
approximately five years as an analyst and portfolio manager at Hollis Capital, a San Francisco based hedge fund and prior thereto, Mr.
Frank worked for an independent private client group at Paine Webber specializing in primary research to develop investment ideas (particularly
short sale ideas) for institutional clients. Prior to his employment at Paine Webber, Mr. Frank was a currency trader for Eastern Vanguard.
Mr. Frank holds a BA in Economics and in Political Science from Brown University. We believe that Mr. Frank is qualified to serve as member
of our board of directors due to his extensive prior experience conducting financial analysis of public companies (certain of which were
in the development stage), including such public companies management teams, products, including products in the development stage,
the potential markets for such products and other factors that could affect the likelihood and timing of success and market penetration
of such entities products as well as his capital raising activities. We believe this provides us with valuable insights into the
financial markets and investment criteria of institutional and other investors as well as capital raising activities. 

Philip Sheibley. Mr. Sheibley
was appointed to our board of directors in November 2021. Mr. Sheibley is an experienced executive and venture capitalist. Since 2011,
he has served as a principal at Alumni Investment Partners, a private equity firm. From 1981 to 2010, Mr. Sheibley served as a management
and technology consultant with Accenture, where he focused on the life sciences area, holding a variety of leadership positions, including
North American industry director for life sciences and global lead for management consulting. Mr. Sheibley holds a B.S. in industrial
and systems engineering with a business minor from Lehigh University. We believe that Mr. Sheibley is qualified to serve on our board
of directors because of his extensive business experience in the life sciences area and experience with venture capital investment and
consulting, including financing transactions for early- stage and scale-up stage companies, assisting with scale-up strategy/execution,
and participating as a board member in the medical products industry. 

Carmen Volkart. Ms. Volkart
was appointed to our board of directors in December 2019. She has served as chief financial officer of Natureworks LLC, an advanced materials
company offering a portfolio of renewably-sourced polymers, since October 2018. Ms. Volkart served as a member of the board of directors,
including as a member of the audit committee of Antares Pharma, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed, specialty pharmaceutical company, from October
2021 to May 2022, when it was acquired by another Nasdaq-listed company. From October 2012 to July 2018, she served as chief financial
officer and, for a portion of that time, as senior vice president of commercialization for NxThera, Inc., a medical device company pioneering
the application of convective radiofrequency thermotherapy to treat endurological conditions. Ms. Volkart served as global chief financial
officer of Tornier N.V. from 2010 to 2012, and was chief operating and financial officer, corporate secretary, compliance officer and
treasurer of Spine Wave, Inc. from 2006 to 2010. Prior to 2006, she held various executive and financial positions at American Medical
Systems, Inc., Medtronic, Inc. and Honeywell, Inc. Ms. Volkart holds a B.S. in accounting from the University of North Dakota and an MBA
with a concentration in strategic management from the University of Minnesota. We believe that Ms. Volkart is qualified to serve on our
board of directors because of her substantial financial and public-company experience, as she has served as chief financial officer at
multiple medical device and other companies. 

Ellen O Connor Vos. Ms.
Vos was appointed to our board of directors in May 2021 and served as our chief executive officer from August 2021 until February 23,
2022. Ms. Vos has served as a member of VosHealth LLC since November 2020. Prior to that, she served as the president and chief executive
officer of the Muscular Dystrophy Association from October 2017 to November 2020. Previously, Ms. Vos had been chief executive officer
of ghg | greyhealth group from 1996 to 2017, and she has been a champion of using digital capabilities to improve the public health. Ms.
Vos also serves on the board of OptimizeRX Corporation, a publicly- traded digital health company, and the Jed Foundation, a leading nonprofit
dedicated to protecting the emotional health of college students, and was a founding board member of MMRF, a pioneering cancer research
foundation. Ms. Vos holds a B.S. in nursing from Alfred University. We believe that Ms. Vos is qualified to serve on our board of directors
because of her executive experience and extensive executive skills in digital marketing, commercialization and communications in the healthcare
industry. 

47 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

Except as described above with regard
to Mr. Febbo, to our knowledge, none of our executive officers or our directors has, during the last ten years: 

had any bankruptcy petition
filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was
a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order,
judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities,
futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any
such activity; 

been found by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party
to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated
(not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state
securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including,
but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent
cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or a party
to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section
3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent
exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

To our knowledge, there are no
material proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of ours, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class
of voting securities of us, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of ours, or security holder is a party adverse to
us or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. 

Arrangements for Appointment of Directors and Officers 

Pursuant to the Reorganization
and Share Exchange Agreement, hereinafter referred to as the Share Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2017, by and among us, Quasuras, Mr.
DiPerna and the other stockholders of Quasuras, until July 24, 2022, our board of directors was required to consist of no more than five
and no less than two directors of which (i) Manchester Explorer, L.P. has the right to appoint two directors, pursuant to which Manchester
Explorer, L.P. appointed Mr. Frank and Ms. Volkart and (ii) Mr. DiPerna, in addition to being our chairman of the board, had the right
to appoint two additional directors, pursuant to which he appointed Liam Burns, who resigned from our board of directors in December 2021,
and Febbo. In May 2021, the parties amended the Share Agreement and removed Manchester Explorer L.P s and Mr. DiPerna s rights
to appoint directors. In addition, the parties agreed that Mr. DiPerna shall remain chairman of our board of directors until July 2022;
provided, that in the event Mr. DiPerna resigns or is otherwise replaced as our chief executive officer, Mr. DiPerna shall remain as chairman
of our board of directors for an additional period of three years. Following such amendment, our board of directors increased the size
of the board to six members and, on May 18, 2021, appointed Ms. Vos as a director to our board. 

48 

The DiPerna Employment and Related Agreements 

We entered into an employment
agreement dated August 1, 2018, with Mr. DiPerna pursuant to which Mr. DiPerna is employed by us as our president. Mr. DiPerna s
employment agreement had an initial two-year term and automatically renews for additional one-year terms. Pursuant to such agreement,
we agreed to pay Mr. DiPerna: i) an annual salary of 200,000 in cash, ii) 100,000 per year in fully-vested stock options granted monthly
at an exercise price determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion and iii) an annual bonus of 300,000, payable at the
discretion of our board of directors, either in shares or in cash. If the board chooses to pay the bonus in shares, such shares will be
valued at a price determined by our board of directors. Pursuant to such employment agreement (i) if (a) we terminate Mr. DiPerna s
employment without cause or he resigns with good reason, we will pay Mr. DiPerna a lump sum of 200,000, and (b) we terminate Mr. DiPerna s
employment for cause, we are not obligated to make any severance payment and Mr. DiPerna will receive only his base compensation through
the last day of his employment, (ii) upon Mr. DiPerna s death or disability, he will receive his base compensation through the last
day of his employment and will remain eligible for all applicable benefits relative to death or disability pursuant to any plans that
we have in place at such time, and (iii) upon a change of control (as defined in the employment agreement), Mr. DiPerna will be paid a
lump sum of 100,000 within sixty days of the time at which such change of control takes place. 

In May 2020, we amended our employment agreement with Mr.
DiPerna to provide that in the event of a change in control: 

within 60 days of the date
the change in control occurs, Mr. DiPerna shall be paid by us or our successor in interest a lump sum cash payment equal to 12 months
of Mr. DiPerna s then annual Base Compensation (as defined in the employment agreement); and 

immediately prior to such change
of control, any unvested stock options or other unvested securities of ours issued to Mr. DiPerna shall automatically accelerate and
immediately become fully vested and exercisable. 

In June 2020, our board of directors
approved an amendment to the employment agreement to provide that Mr. DiPerna s base salary would be paid entirely in cash commencing
July 1, 2020. The payment of the additional cash component of Mr. DiPerna s annual base salary 8,333.33 per month) was initially
be deferred (the Deferred Salary) and accrue for Mr. DiPerna s benefit until we have received 5,000,000 of cumulative gross proceeds
of financing, at which time the Deferred Salary shall be paid to Mr. DiPerna and the salary deferrals will cease. The salary deferrals
ceased and the Deferred Salary was paid to Mr. DiPerna in May 2021. In August 2021, Mr. DiPerna resigned as our chief executive officer,
and he continues to serve as our president, chief financial officer, treasurer and chairman of our board of directors. 

If a change of control occurred on March 31, 2023,
under his employment agreement, Mr. DiPerna would be entitled to the following: 

payment of a lump sum of 300,000
within 60 days of the time at which such change of control takes place. 

accelerated vesting of 45,000
shares of common stock under an unvested stock option. The value of the shares subject to accelerated vesting is calculated as the intrinsic
value per share multiplied by the number of shares that would become fully vested upon a change of control. The intrinsic value per share
would be calculated as the excess of the closing price of the common stock of 1.45 on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 31, 2023 over
the exercise price of the option. As of March 31, 2023, the intrinsic value was zero. 

In connection with our acquisition
of Quasuras, we entered into an Intellectual Property Transfer Agreement dated as of July 24, 2017, with Quasuras and Mr. DiPerna, pursuant
to which Mr. DiPerna transferred to us all intellectual property rights owned directly and/or indirectly by him related to our business.
Separately, we agreed to pay Mr. DiPerna, as part of his compensation for services to be performed for us, pursuant to a royalty agreement,
certain fees based upon future sales, if any, of our potential product subject to a maximum 10,000,000 cap on the aggregate amount of
fees that Mr. DiPerna could earn from such arrangement. 

49 

The Vos Employment Agreement 

On August 11, 2021, we entered
into a two-year employment agreement (the Agreement with Ms. Vos for her service as our chief executive officer, and the
Agreement renews for one-year terms, unless either party provides the other with 90-day prior written notice of termination. The Agreement
provided that Ms. Vos was entitled to total base compensation of 300,000 annually, as follows: a cash salary of 250,000 per year (the
 Cash Salary ), plus deferred salary of 50,000 per year (the Deferred Salary and, together with the Cash Salary, the Base
Compensation ). 

On February 23, 2022, Ellen O Connor Vos
informed our board of directors of that she was resigning from her position as our chief executive officer, effective immediately (the
 Resignation ). In connection with the Resignation, we and Ms. Vos entered into a Severance and Release Agreement dated February
23, 2022 (the Separation Agreement). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Ms. Vos was entitled to receive separation payments in an aggregate
gross amount of 375,000. Under the terms of the Separation Agreement, the vesting of an option to purchase 362,452 shares of our common
stock, which was granted to Ms. Vos on August 11, 2021, ceased on May 24, 2022 and the remaining unvested shares were forfeited. 

The Schmid Offer Letter 

Pursuant to an offer letter with the Company (the
 Offer Letter ), Mr. Schmid shall receive an annual salary of 250,000 (the Schmid Base Salary ). Additionally,
he is eligible for an annual discretionary target incentive bonus of up to 50 of his Base Salary. In connection with his appointment,
Mr. Schmid was granted a stock option to purchase 175,000 shares of our common stock. The stock option vests over a three-year period
with one-third of the shares subject to the stock option vesting on the one-year anniversary of the grant date and the remaining shares
vesting monthly thereafter, subject to Mr. Schmid s continuous service with us. In the event of termination of his employment by
us other than for cause or good reason (as defined in the Offer Letter), Mr. Schmid will receive an amount equal to six months of his
then-current base salary as a severance payment. 

James Besser 

As compensation for his services
as our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Besser is paid de minimis compensation of 1.00 per year. 

Communications with our Board of Directors 

Stockholders who desire to communicate
with the board of directors, or a specific director, may do so by sending the communication addressed to either the board of directors
or any individual director, c/o Modular Medical, Inc., 10740 Thornmint Road, San Diego, California 92127. These communications will be
delivered to the board of directors, or any individual director, as specified. 

50 

Corporate Governance 

Board Leadership Structure
and Role in Risk Oversight 

Due to the small size and early
stage of the Company, we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the chairman and chief executive officer positions should be separate
or combined. Since 2017, Mr. DiPerna has been serving as our chairman, and, since February 23, 2022, Mr. Besser has been serving as our
chief executive officer. Our board of directors has oversight responsibility for our risk management processes. Our board of directors
receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate, regarding our assessment
of risks. Our board of directors will focus on the most significant risks facing us and our general risk management strategy, and also
ensure that risks undertaken by us are consistent with our appetite for risk. While our board of directors oversees our risk management
processes, management is responsible for day-to- day risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most
effective approach for addressing the risks facing us and that the leadership structure of our board of directors supports this approach. 

We have established an audit committee,
a compensation committee, and a nominating and governance committee. Each committee s members and functions are described below. 

Audit Committee 

Our board of directors established
the audit committee (the Audit Committee) for the purpose of overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes and audits of
our financial statements. The Audit Committee also is charged with reviewing any internal control violations under our whistleblower policy.
The responsibilities of our audit committee are described in the Audit Committee Charter adopted by our board of directors, a current
copy of which can be found on the investors section of our website, www.modular-medical.com. 

Ms. Volkart, Mr. Felsher and Mr. Sheibley are the
current members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Felsher serves as the chairperson and has been designated by the board of directors as the
 audit committee financial expert, as defined by Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act. That status does not impose duties, liabilities or obligations that are greater than the duties, liabilities or obligations otherwise
imposed on Mr. Felsher as a member of the audit committee and the board of directors, however. Our board of directors has determined that
each of our Audit Committee members satisfies the independence requirements of the Nasdaq listing rules and meets the independence
standards under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Compensation Committee 

Our board of directors established
the compensation committee for the purpose of reviewing, recommending and approving our compensation policies and benefits, including
the compensation of all of our executive officers and directors. Mr. Febbo and Ms. Volkart are the current members of the compensation
committee, and Mr. Febbo serves as the chairperson. Each of our Compensation Committee members satisfies the independence 
requirements of the Nasdaq listing rules and meets the independence standards under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Our compensation committee is responsible
for reviewing, recommending and approving our compensation policies and benefits, including the compensation of all of our executive officers
and directors, and it also has the principal responsibility for the administration of our equity incentive plan. The responsibilities
of our compensation committee are more fully described in the Compensation Committee Charter adopted by our board of directors, a current
copy of which can be found on the investors section of our website, www.modular-medical.com. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee 

The Nominating and Governance Committee consists
of Mr. Sheibley and Mr. Felsher, and Mr. Sheibley serves as the chairperson. Each of the members of our Nominating and Governance Committee
satisfies the independence requirements of the Nasdaq listing rules and meets the independence standards under Rule 10A-3
under the Exchange Act. The Nominating and Governance Committee will consider persons recommended by stockholders for inclusion as nominees
for election to our board of directors if the information required by our bylaws is submitted in writing in a timely manner addressed
and delivered to our secretary at the address of our executive offices. 

51 

The Nominating and Governance Committee will
identify and evaluate nominees for our board of directors, including nominees recommended by stockholders, based on numerous factors it
considers appropriate, some of which may include strength of character, mature judgment, career specialization, relevant technical skills,
diversity, and the extent to which the nominee would fill a present need on our board of directors. The responsibilities of our Nominating
and Governance committee are more fully described in the Nominating and Governance Committee Charter adopted by our board of directors,
a current copy of which can be found on the investors section of our website, www.modular-medical.com. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Employees,
Executive Officers and Directors 

We have adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics, or the Code of Conduct, applicable to all of our employees, executive officers and members of our board of directors.
The Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.modular-medical.com. Our Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for
overseeing the Code of Conduct, and our board of directors must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct. In addition, we intend to
post on our website all disclosures that are required by law concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code
of Conduct. 

Board Diversity 

We seek diversity in experience,
viewpoint, education, skill, and other individual qualities and attributes to be represented on our board of directors. We believe directors
should have various qualifications, including individual character and integrity; business experience; leadership ability; strategic planning
skills, ability, and experience; requisite knowledge of our industry and finance, accounting, and legal matters; communications and interpersonal
skills; and the ability and willingness to devote time to our company. We also believe the skill sets, backgrounds, and qualifications
of our directors, taken as a whole, should provide a significant mix of diversity in personal and professional experience, background,
viewpoints, perspectives, knowledge, and abilities. Nominees are not to be discriminated against on the basis of race, religion, national
origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, or any other basis proscribed by law. The assessment of prospective directors is made in
the context of the perceived needs of our board of directors from time to time. 

All of our directors have held high-level
positions in business or professional service firms and have experience in dealing with complex issues. We believe that all of our directors
are individuals of high character and integrity, are able to work well with others, and have committed to devote sufficient time to the
business and affairs of our company. In addition to these attributes, the description of each director s background set forth above
indicates the specific qualifications, skills, perspectives, and experience necessary to conclude that each individual should continue
to serve as a director of ours. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities of ours. Directors, executive officers
and greater than 10 holders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on
our review of Forms 3 and 4 filed during fiscal 2023 (and any written representations to us by such persons), we believe that all directors,
executive officers and 10 stockholders complied with all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements during fiscal 2023, except that: 

Mr.
Felsher failed to timely file a Form 4 to report an option award under our director compensation plan; 

Mr.
Frank failed to timely file a Form 4 to report two option awards under our director compensation plan 

Mr.
Sheibley failed to timely file: 

o a
Form 4 to report an open-market purchase of shares of our common stock; 

o a
Form 4 to report a stock award under our director compensation plan; and 

o 
 a
 Form 4 to report a stock award under our director compensation plan. 

Mr.
Schmid failed to timely a Form 3 to report his initial beneficial ownership; 

Ms.
 Volkart failed to timely file a Form 4 to report an option award under our director compensation plan; and 

Ms.
 Vos failed to timely file a Form 4 to report an option award under our director compensation plan. 

52 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table sets forth compensation information
for fiscal 2023 and 2022 for each of our named executive officers. 

Name and Principal 

Salary 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan 
Compensation 

All Other 
Compensation 

Total 

Position 
 
 Year 
 
 ) 

) 

)(1) 

) 

) 

) 

James E. Besser, 
 
 2023 

Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 
 2022 

Paul
DiPerna, 
 
 2023 

300,000 

189,413 

489,413 

President, President Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Chairman 
 
 2022 

370,833 
 (3) 

370,833 

Kevin Schmid, 
 
 2023 

176,121 

701,945 

878,066 

Chief Operating Officer
 (4) 
 
 2022 

Ellen O Connor Vos, 
 
 2023 

Chief Executive Officer (5) 
 
 2022 

133,654 

4,414,645 

409,662 
 (6) 

4,957,961 

(1) Award amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value with
respect to awards granted, as determined pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used
to calculate the aggregate grant date fair value of option awards are set forth in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
included in item 8 of this Report. These amounts do not reflect actual compensation earned or to be earned by our named executive officers. 

(2) Mr. Besser was appointed our chief executive officer in February
2022, and he is paid de minimis annual compensation of 1.00. 

(3) Includes payment of 70,833 of deferred salary. 

(4) Mr. Schmid was appointed our chief operating officer in July
2022 at an annual base salary of 250,000. 

(5) Ms. Vos was appointed our chief executive officer in August
2021, and she resigned as our chief executive officer in February 2022.The compensation amounts disclosed in the table above exclude
amounts paid to Ms. Vos for her service as a non-employee director. 

(6) Represents payment during fiscal 2022 of i) accrued holiday
and vacation pay, ii) deferred salary and iii) three months of salary for the notice period and accrued severance of 300,000 that was
paid to Ms. Vos in fiscal 2023. 

53 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table shows certain information regarding
outstanding equity awards held by our named executive officers as of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price( 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date(1) 
 
 Paul DiPerna 
 1,155 (2) 
 
 9.48 
 6/1/2030 

1,169 (3) 
 
 9.48 
 5/1/2030 

1,170 (4) 
 
 9.48 
 4/1/2030 

1,660 (5) 
 
 7.44 
 3/2/2030 

1,745 (6) 
 
 7.44 
 2/1/2030 

1,727 (7) 
 
 7.44 
 1/1/2030 

1,809 (8) 
 
 6.75 
 12/1/2029 

1,811 (9) 
 
 6.75 
 11/1/2029 

1,721 (10) 
 
 6.75 
 10/1/2029 

1,662 (11) 
 
 6.75 
 9/15/2029 

1,666 (12) 
 
 6.75 
 8/15/2029 

1,660 (13) 
 
 6.75 
 7/15/2029 

1,650 (14) 
 
 6.75 
 6/15/2029 

1,677 (15) 
 
 6.75 
 5/15/2029 

1,624 (16) 
 
 6.75 
 4/15/2029 

1,694 (17) 
 
 6.75 
 3/15/2029 

1,641 (18) 
 
 6.75 
 2/15/2029 

1,603 (19) 
 
 6.75 
 1/15/2029 

1,775 (20) 
 
 6.75 
 12/15/2028 

1,775 (21) 
 
 6.75 
 11/15/2028 

6,005 (22) 
 
 1.98 
 10/15/2028 

6,005 (23) 
 
 1.98 
 09/15/2028 

6,005 (24) 
 
 1.98 
 08/15/2028 

100,000 (25) 
 
 6.75 
 11/25/2029 

45,000 (26) 
 
 4.24 
 4/14/2032 
 
 Kevin Schmid 
 175,000 (27) 
 
 4.24 
 7/21/2032 

(1) The standard option term is ten years, but all of the options
expire automatically unless exercised within 90 days after the cessation of service as an employee, director or consultant. 

(2) The option was granted on June 1, 2020, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(3) The option was granted on May 1, 2020, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(4) The option was granted on April 1, 2020, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(5) The option was granted on March 2, 2020, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(6) The option was granted on February 1,2020, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(7) The option was granted on January 1, 2020, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(8) The option was granted on December 1, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(9) The option was granted on November 1, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(10) The option was granted on October 1, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(11) The option was granted on September 15, 2019, and the shares
subject to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(12) The option was granted on August 15, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

54 

(13) The option was granted on July 15, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(14) The option was granted on June 15, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(15) The option was granted on May 15, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(16) The option was granted on April 15, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(17) The option was granted on March 15, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(18) The option was granted on February 15, 2019, and the shares
subject to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(19) The option was granted on January 15, 2019, and the shares subject
to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(20) The option was granted on December 15, 2018, and the shares
subject to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(21) The option was granted on November 15, 2018, and the shares
subject to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(22) The option was granted on October
15, 2018, and the shares subject to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(23) The option was granted on September 15, 2018, and the shares
subject to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(24) The option was granted on August 15, 2018, and the shares subject to this option were fully vested on the grant date. 

(25) The option was granted on November 25, 2019, and the shares subject to this option vest monthly over
three years commencing January 1, 2020, subject to continued service as an employee, director or consultant. 

(26) The option was granted on April 14, 2022, and the shares subject
to this option vest one-third on the annual anniversary of the grant date and the remaining two-thirds vest monthly over the next two
years subject to continued service as an employee, director or consultant 

(27) The option was granted on July 21, 2022, and the shares subject to
this option vest one-third on the annual anniversary of the grant date and the remaining two-thirds vest monthly over the next two years
subject to continued service as an employee, director or consultant. 

Employment Agreements 

We have entered into our standard
form of employment, confidential information and invention assignment agreement with each of our named executive officers. We also have
entered into agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers, in addition to the indemnification provided for in our articles
of incorporation and bylaws. These agreements, among other things, provide for indemnification of our directors and certain executive
officers for many expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any such person in any
action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of the Company, arising out of such person s services as a director
or executive officer of ours, any subsidiary of ours or any other company or enterprise to which such person provided services at our
request. 

55 

Director Compensation 

Effective April 1, 2021, our board
of directors approved our outside (non-employee) director compensation plan (the Director Plan). Pursuant to the Director Plan, outside
directors are paid the following annual retainers: 

25,000 for service as a member of the board of directors; 

5,000 for service as chair of the audit committee; and 

5,000 for service as chair of the compensation committee. 

The annual retainers will be paid
in quarterly installments in either cash, options to purchase shares of our common stock or in shares of our common stock, as directed
by each director based on an annual election. In addition, under the Director Plan, each director will also receive an annual service
equity award of 100,000 paid in quarterly installments in either options to purchase shares of our common stock or shares of our common
stock, as directed by each director based on an annual election. 

In addition, upon appointment to our board
of directors, we award our non-employee directors a stock option grant under our Amended 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan). During
fiscal 2022, we awarded each of the new non-employee directors a stock option to purchase 16,667 shares of our common stock. These options
vest annually over three years from the date of appointment to our board of directors. 

The following table summarizes the compensation earned by
our non-employee directors in fiscal 2023: 

Fee 
 Compensation 
 Restricted Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
Awards 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 )(1)(2) 
 (3) 
 ) 
 
 William Febbo 
 30,000 

30,795 
 60,795 
 
 Steven Felsher 

84,135 
 13,339 
 97,474 
 
 Morgan Frank 

114,734 
 
 114,734 
 
 Philip Sheibley 
 30,000 

30,795 
 60,795 
 
 Carmen Volkart 

84,135 
 11,119 
 95,254 
 
 Ellen O Connor Vos 
 6,250 
 
 59,530 
 
 65,780 

(1) Award amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value with respect to awards
granted, as determined pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 718. The assumptions used to calculate the aggregate grant date fair value of option
awards are set forth in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These
amounts do not reflect actual compensation earned or to be earned by our directors. 

(2) As of March 31, 2023, our non-employee directors each held outstanding options
to purchase the following number of shares of our common stock: William Febbo, 66,667; Steven Felsher, 68,084; Morgan Frank, 139,958;
Philip Sheibley, 16,667; Carmen Volkart; 120,558 and Ellen O Connor Vos, 136,021. 

(3) Represents stock awards; we calculated the estimated fair value of the stock awards
issued to our non-employee directors using the closing price per share of our common stock on the day prior to the grant date in accordance
with the Director Plan. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table shows
the number of securities to be issued upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards under the 2017 Plan as of March 31, 2023. 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 2,481,090 
 5.19 
 2,132,292 

56 

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information as of
June 15, 2023 concerning the ownership of our common stock by: 

each stockholder known by us
to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock (currently our only class of voting securities); 

each of our directors; 

each of our executive officers;
and 

all directors and executive
officers as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, and includes all shares over which the beneficial owner exercises voting or investment
power. Shares that are issuable upon the exercise of options, warrants and other rights to acquire common stock that are presently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days of June 15, 2023 are reflected in a separate column in the table below. These shares are taken into account
in the calculation of the total number of shares beneficially owned by a particular holder and the total number of shares outstanding
for the purpose of calculating percentage ownership of the particular holder. We have relied on information supplied by our officers,
directors and certain stockholders and on information contained in filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to
community property laws where applicable, we believe, based on information provided by these persons, that the persons named in the table
have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The percentage of
beneficial ownership is based on 21,088,823 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 15, 2023. 

Unless otherwise stated, the business
address of each of our directors and executive officers listed in the table is 10740 Thornmint Road, San Diego, California 92127. 

Name and principal position 
 Number of Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 (Excluding 
 Outstanding 
 Options and 
 Warrants)(1) 
 Number of 
 Shares Issuable on Exercise of 
 Outstanding 
 Options and 
 Warrants(2) 
 Percent of 
 Class 
 
 JEB Partners, L.P. 
 2,720,577 (3) 
 653,511 
 15.52 
 
 Manchester Explorer, L.P. 
 2,720,577 (3) 
 653,511 
 15.52 
 
 Manchester Management Company, LLC 
 2,720,577 (3) 
 653,511 
 15.52 
 
 Sio Capital Management, LLC 
 689,352 (4) 
 1,348,314 (5) 
 9.08 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

James Besser 
 2,720,577 (3) 
 653,511 
 15.52 
 
 Paul DiPerna 
 2,553,586 (6) 
 204,512 
 12.95 
 
 Kevin Schmid 

William J. Febbo 
 89,105 
 135,482 
 1.06 
 
 Steven Felsher 
 123,177 
 56,973 

Morgan C. Frank 
 2,720,577 (3) 
 793,469 
 16.06 
 
 Philip Sheibley 
 21,139 
 5,556 

Carmen Volkart 
 7,085 
 120,558 

Ellen O Connor Vos 
 18,519 
 124,910 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons) 
 5,533,188 
 1,441,459 
 32.33 

Represents less than 1 

(1) Excludes shares subject to outstanding options and warrants to acquire common stock that are exercisable
within 60 days of June 15, 2023. 

57 

(2) Represents the number of shares subject to outstanding options and warrants to acquire common stock that
are exercisable within 60 days of June 15, 2023. 

(3) Includes (i) 124,750 shares directly held by Mr. Besser, of
 which: (a) 60,277 shares were received in exchange for Mr. Besser s shares as a result of our acquisition of Quasuras; (b)
 29,630 shares purchased in a private placement in 2018 (the 2018 Placement and (c) 34,843 shares were purchased in a
 private placement in 2020 (the 2020 Placement (ii) 2,218,077 held by Manchester Explorer, L.P. of which: (a)
 1,515,152 shares were purchased in a private placement in 2017 (the 2017 Placement ), (b) 157,037 shares were purchased
 in the 2018 Placement, (c) 11,614 were purchased in the 2020 Placement, (d) 300,000 shares were purchased in a public offering in
 February 2022, and (e) 234,274 shares were acquired upon the conversion of a convertible note in February 2022; (iii) 317,473 shares
 held by JEB Partners, L.P. of which (a) 252,526 shares were purchased in the 2017 Placement, (b) 53,333 shares were purchased in the
 2018 Placement and (c) 11,614 shares were purchased in the 2020 Placement; and (iv) 60,277 shares held by Mr. Frank, which shares
 were received in our acquisition of Quasuras in exchange for Mr. Frank s shares of Quasuras. Mr. Besser, as the managing
 member, and Mr. Frank, as the portfolio manager and consultant of Manchester Management Company, LLC, MMC the general
 partner of Manchester Explorer, L.P. and JEB Partners, L. P., have shared voting and dispositive power over shares held by
 Manchester Explorer, L.P. and JEB Partners, L.P. The address for Manchester Explorer, L.P is c/o MMC, 2 Calle Candina, No. 1701, San
 Juan, Puerto Rico 00907. 

(4) Based on information reported by Sio Capital
Management, LLC Sio on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023. Sio and Sio GP, LLC (the GP act as investment advisor and general partner, respectively, to various clients that are the record owners of the shares of our common
stock reported on this Schedule 13G. Because Sio s investment discretion with respect to such clients is subject to oversight by
the GP, the GP may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the common stock of the Issuer owned by such clients. In addition, both Sio
and the GP are controlled by Michael Castor. As such, he may be deemed to control the voting and dispositive decisions with respect to,
and therefore be the beneficial owner of, the shares of our common stock. The address for Sio, Sio GP and Mr. Castor is 600 Third Avenue,
New York, New York 10016. 

(5) These shares are issuable upon exercise of outstanding
pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. As of June 15, 2023, Sio held 1,348,314 pre-funded warrants to purchase shares
of our common stock. Pursuant to the terms of the pre-funded warrants, Sio cannot exercise such pre-funded warrants if Sio would beneficially
own, after such exercise, more than 9.99 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

(6) Includes (i) 2,000,000 shares directly held by the Paul DiPerna Irrevocable Trust,
(ii) 333,334 shares directly held by Mr. DiPerna s adult daughters, Kelsie DiPerna and Alaria DiPerna, which shares Mr. DiPerna
has sole voting power over; (iii) 207,906 shares directly held by the Paul DiPerna Trust, of which 101,010 shares were purchased in the
2017 Placement and 23,429 shares were acquired upon the conversion off a convertible note in February 2022 and (iv) 12,346 shares held
by Mr. DiPerna. The 2,000,000 shares held by the Paul DiPerna Irrevocable Trust, 333,334 shares held by Mr. DiPerna s adult daughters
and 73,480 shares held by the Paul DiPerna Trust that were issued in 2017 to Mr. DiPerna in the Control Block Acquisition and transferred
to such persons in December 2020 by Mr. DiPerna. Mr. DiPerna is the chairman of our board of directors, and also serves as our president,
chief financial officer and treasurer. Mr. DiPerna is the trustee of both the Paul DiPerna Irrevocable Trust and the Paul DiPerna Trust. 

58 

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons 

MMC as the general partner of Manchester Explorer,
L.P. (Explorer), combined with the holdings of its affiliates, JEB Partners LP, Mr. Besser and Mr. Frank, owned approximately 25 of
our outstanding shares of common stock at March 31, 2023. Mr. Besser is our chief executive officer and a managing member of MMC. Mr.
Frank is one of our directors and serves as the portfolio manager of Explorer and as a managing member of MMC. 

Mr. DiPerna s daughter is an employee of
ours, and, during fiscal 2023, we paid her 201,275, which includes the aggregate grant date fair value, as determined pursuant to FASB
ASC Topic 718, of a stock option granted to her. 

In February 2021, Mr. DiPerna and Explorer (together,
the Related Party Holders), which is represented by Mr. Frank on our board of directors, purchased 100,000 and 1,000,000, aggregate
principal amount of our convertible notes and received warrants to purchase 119,237 and 11,924 shares of our common stock (the Note Warrants),
respectively. Effective April 30, 2021, the Related Party Holders entered into revocation agreements with the Company pursuant to which
their collective 1,100,000 aggregate principal amount of convertible notes and accrued interest of 50,091 were replaced with new convertible
notes. In connection with a public offering of our equity securities in February 2022, the convertible notes and accrued interest held
by the Related Party Holders were converted into our equity securities and Mr. DiPerna received 23,429 shares of our common stock and
a warrant to purchase 23,429 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 6.60 per share and Explorer received 234,274 shares
of our common stock and a warrant to purchase 234,274 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 6.60 per share. In addition,
the exercise prices of the Note Warrants were reduced to 6.00 per share. 

In May 2021, Mr. Febbo purchased
 200,000 aggregate principal amount of our convertible notes and received a warrant to purchase 23,229 shares of our common stock
(the Director Warrant). In connection with a public offering of our equity securities in February 2022, the convertible note held by
Mr. Febbo was converted into our equity securities. Upon conversion, Mr. Febbo received 45,586 shares of our common stock and a
warrant to purchase 45,586 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 6.60 per share. In addition, the exercise price of
the Director Warrant was reduced to 6.00 per share. 

In October 2021, we sold 12,346
shares of common stock to Mr. DiPerna and 18,519 shares to Ms. Vos at a price per share of 8.10 in a private placement. 

See Management above
for other related-party transactions involving our executive officers and directors. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that
each of the current directors, with the exception of Mr. DiPerna, Mr. Frank and Ms. Vos, is independent, as defined by the
listing rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, or Nasdaq, and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Our board of directors has standing Audit,
Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees, each of which is comprised solely of independent directors in accordance with the
Nasdaq listing rules. No director qualifies as independent unless the board of directors affirmatively determines that he has no direct
or indirect relationship with us that would impair his independence. We independently review the relationship of the Company to any entity
employing a director or on whose board of directors he is serving currently. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table shows the fees billed to us by Farber
Hass Hurley LLP, or Farber, our independent registered public accounting firm, for the audit of our consolidated financial statements
and other services provided. 

Year ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees(1) 
 52,500 
 43,000 
 
 Audit-related fees(2) 
 6,100 
 10,200 
 
 Total(3) 
 58,600 
 53,200 

(1) Audit fees consisted of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated
financial statements and reviews of our quarterly consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Audit-related fees consisted of fees for services related to our issuance of SEC registration statements
and sales of our securities under registration statements. 

(3) Farber did not provide any non-audit or other services other than those reported under Audit fees and Audit-related
fees. 

59 

PART IV 

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Reference 
 
 Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 1.1 
 
 Form
 of Underwriting Agreement dated May 15, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 1.1 
 
 05/17/2023 

2.1 
 
 Reorganization
 and Share Exchange Agreement dated as of July 24, 2017, by and among the Registrant, Quasuras, Inc., Paul DiPerna and the other stockholders
 of Quasuras, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 07/28/2017 

2.2 
 
 Addendum
 No. 1 to Reorganization and Share Exchange Agreement dated as of July 24, 2017, by and among the Registrant, Quasuras, Inc., Paul
 DiPerna and the other Stockholders of Quasuras, Inc. dated May 3, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.2 
 
 05/12/2021 

3.1 
 
 Third
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on June 27, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 06/29/2017 

3.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Modular Medical, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of
 the State of Nevada on November 24, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/01/2021 

3.3 
 
 Amended Bylaws 
 
 10-SB 
 
 3.2 
 
 03/08/2002 

4.1 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended 
 
 10-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 06/29/2018 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated February 14, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 02/14/2022 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Pre-Funded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated May 2, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 05/05/2022 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Private Placement Warrant dated May 2, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 05/05/2022 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4.5 
 
 05/05/2023 

4.6 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 4.6 
 
 05/05/2023 

4.7 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 

X 
 
 10.1 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2017, by and among Bear Lake Recreation, Inc., Manchester Explorer, LP, a Delaware
 limited partnership, and certain persons named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 10 
 
 04/05/2017 

10.2 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 24, 2017, by and between the Registrant and the purchaser named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 07/28/2017 

10.3 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of November 19, 2018 among the Registrant and the Investors named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 99.1 
 
 11/20/2018 

10.4 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated August 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Paul DiPerna 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.4 
 
 06/27/2019 

10.5 
 
 Intellectual
 Property Assignment Agreement dated July 24, 2017, by and between the Registrant, Quasuras, Inc. and Paul DiPerna 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 07/28/2017 

10.6 
 
 Technology
 Royalty Agreement dated as of July 24, 2017, by and between the Registrant, Quasuras, Inc. and Paul DiPerna 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 07/28/2017 

10.7 
 
 Lease
 between MCP Socal Industrial Bernardo, LLC and the Registrant dated January 10, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.9 
 
 02/13/2020 

10.8 
 
 Standard
 Industrial/Commercial Agreement between the Registrant and Michael Summers dated January 5, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.28 
 
 04/24/2023 

10.9 
 
 Service
 Agreement effective December 31, 2019 between Registrant and Carmen Volkart 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.13 
 
 02/13/2020 

10.10 
 
 Service
 Agreement effective January 23, 2020 between the Registrant and William Febbo 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.14 
 
 02/13/2020 

10.11 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and officers used from January 23, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.15 
 
 02/13/2020 

10.12 
 
 Form
 of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement under the Amended 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.16 
 
 02/13/2020 

10.13 
 
 First
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Paul DiPerna effective as of May 12, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 05/27/2020 

10.14 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Paul DiPerna effective as of July 1, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.20 
 
 08/12/2020 

60 

10.15 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued in the 2021 Private Placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.21 
 
 05/12/2021 

10.16 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated March 2020 by and between the Registrant and the Investors named therein 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.17 
 
 04/09/2020 

10.17 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for the 2021 Private Placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.23 
 
 05/12/2021 

10.18 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement for the 2021 Private Placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.24 
 
 05/12/2021 

10.19 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued in the 2021 Private Placement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.22 
 
 05/12/2021 

10.20 
 
 Service Agreement effective May 18, 2021 between the Registrant and Ellen O Connor Vos 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.26 
 
 06/29/2021 

10.21 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Ellen O Connor Vos dated August 11, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.27 
 
 08/16/2021 

10.22 
 
 Promissory Note dated October 28, 2021 between the Registrant and Manchester Explorer, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.27 
 
 10/29/2021 

10.23 
 
 Security Agreement dated October 28, 2021 between the Registrant and Manchester Explorer, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.28 
 
 10/29/2021 

10.24 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement dated February 14, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/14/2022 

10.25 
 
 Form of Warrant Omnibus Amendment Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.31 
 
 02/07/2022 

10.26 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 2, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/05/2022 

10.27 
 
 Severance and Release Agreement between the Registrant and Ellen O Connor Vos dated February 23, 2022 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.33 
 
 07/06/2022 

10.28 
 
 Offer Letter Agreement between the Registrant and Kevin Schmid dated July 13, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/26/2022 

10.29 
 
 Standard Industrial/Commercial Single-Tenant Lease between the Registrant and Michael Summers dated January 5, 2023 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.28 
 
 04/24/2023 

10.30 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.29 
 
 05/05/2023 

10.31 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 28, 2021 between the Registrant and the Investors named therein 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.29 
 
 10/29/2021 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page of this Report) 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

X 

Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

61 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, on the 26 th day of June, 2023. 

MODULAR MEDICAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ James E. Besser 

James E. Besser 

Chief Executive Officer, 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints James E. Besser and Paul DiPerna as her/his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for her and him and in her or his name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be
done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorney-in- fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ James E. Besser 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 James E. Besser 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Paul DiPerna 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Paul DiPerna 

/s/ William Febbo 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 William Febbo 

/s/ Steven Felsher 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Steven Felsher 

/s/ Morgan C. Frank 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Morgan C. Frank 

/s/ Philip Sheibley 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Philip Sheibley 

/s/ Carmen Volkart 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Carmen Volkart 

/s/ Ellen O Connor Vos 
 
 Director 
 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Ellen O Connor Vos 

62 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-7_modular.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The following description of the common
stock and preferred stock of Modular Medical, Inc. we or us is a summary and does not purport to be complete.
It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our second amended and restated articles of incorporation, and our bylaws,
as amended, each of which is incorporated herein by reference and are exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part. We encourage you to read our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and the
applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for additional information. 

Description of Capital Stock 

Each holder of our common stock is
entitled to a pro rata share of any cash distributions made to shareholders, including any dividend payments. The holders of our common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters to be voted on by our shareholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the election of our directors or any other matter. Therefore, under our charter documents, the holders of more than 50 of the shares
voted for the election of those directors can elect all of the directors. Our board of directors currently are elected as a single class.
Our board of directors may from time to time declare dividends on our outstanding shares. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after
payment of our liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any, having any preference in relation to our
common stock. Holders of shares of our common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption
provisions applicable to our common stock. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Nevada
Law and our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our articles of incorporation, our
bylaws and the Nevada Revised Statutes (the NRS contain certain provisions that could delay or make more difficult an acquisition
of control of us not approved by our board of directors, whether by means of a tender offer, open market purchases, proxy contests or
otherwise. These provisions have been implemented to enable us to develop our business in a manner that will foster our long-term growth
without disruption caused by the threat of a takeover not deemed by our board of directors to be in the best interest of our company and
our shareholders. These provisions could have the effect of discouraging third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition
or change of control of our company even if such a proposal, if made, might be considered desirable by a majority of our shareholders.
These provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management
without the concurrence of our board of directors. 

Set forth below is a description of
the provisions contained in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and NRS that could impede or delay an acquisition of control of our
company that our board of directors has not approved. This description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, forms of each are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
March 31, 2023. 

1 

Authorized But Unissued Preferred Stock 

We are currently authorized to issue
a total of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors has the right in its
discretion to issue preferred stock without approval of our shareholders and to set the series, classes, rights, privileges and preferences
of our preferred stock or any classes, or series thereof without approval. In the event of a hostile takeover, the board of directors
could potentially use this preferred stock to preserve control. 

Filling Vacancies and Increases in Director 

Any vacancies on our board occurring
by reason of death, resignation or otherwise, or if the number of our directors is increased, the directors then in office shall continue
to act and such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by a vote of such then directors, though less than a quorum,
in any way approved by the meeting. Any directorship to be filled by reason of removal of one or more directors by the shareholders may
be filled by election by the shareholders at the meeting at which the director or directors are removed. 

Removal of Director 

Our bylaws provide that, at a meeting
of our shareholders expressly called for that purpose, one or more of our directors may be removed by a vote of a majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

Board Action Without Meeting 

Our bylaws provide that any action
required to be taken at a meeting of our directors or any other action which may be taken at a meeting of our directors or of a committee,
may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by all of the directors, or
all of the members of the committee, as the case may be, which such consent shall have the same legal effect as a unanimous vote of all
the directors or members of the committee. Board action through written consent allows our board to make swift decisions, including in
the event of a hostile takeover attempt by current management. 

No Cumulative Voting 

Our bylaws and articles of incorporation
do not provide the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. This provision means that the holders of a plurality of the shares
voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Non-cumulative voting makes it more difficult for an insurgent minority
stockholder to elect a person to the board of directors. 

Re-Capitalization 

Our articles of incorporation provide
that our board of directors, without the approval of our shareholders, may adopt any re-capitalization affecting our outstanding securities
by effecting a forward or reverse split of all of our outstanding securities. 

2 

Stockholder Proposals 

Except to the extent required under
applicable laws, we are not required to include on our proxy card, or describe in our proxy statement, any information relating to any
shareholder proposal and disseminated in connection with any meeting of shareholders. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our by-laws give both our board of
directors and shareholders the right to amend, alter, repeal and adopt new bylaws, except that (i) bylaws adopted or amended by our shareholders
may not be altered or repealed by our board of directors; and (ii) no bylaws shall be adopted by our board of directors that require more
than a majority of our outstanding voting shares for a quorum at a meeting of our shareholders, or more than a majority of the votes cast
to constitute action by our shareholders, except where higher percentages are required by law. 

Nevada Statutory Provisions 

Although pursuant to our articles of
incorporation and bylaws we elected that the Nevada Control Share Acquisition Act, Sections 78.378 to 78.3793, inclusive, of the NRS,
does not apply to us, we are subject to the provisions of NRS 78.411 to 78.444, inclusive, which generally prohibit a publicly held Nevada
corporation from engaging in a combination with an interested stockholder (each as defined) that is the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of at least ten percent of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation or is an
affiliate or associate of the corporation that previously held such voting power within the past three years, for a period of three years
after the date the person first became an interested stockholder, subject to certain exceptions for authorized combinations,
as provided therein. 

Pursuant to NRS 78.195, our articles
of incorporation provide for the authority of our board of directors to, without shareholder approval, issue shares of our preferred stock
in series or classes by filing an amendment thereto and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in such series
or class and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series or class and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof. 

Classification of Directors 

Although to date our board of directors
has not elected to do so, our bylaws authorize our board to divide our directors into either two or three classes, with each class to
be as nearly equal in number as possible and the term of office of the directors of the first class to expire at the first annual meeting
of shareholders after their election, that of the second class to expire at the second annual meeting after their election, and that of
the third class, if any, to expire at the third annual meeting after their election. At each annual meeting after such classification,
the number of directors equal to the number of the class whose term expires at the time of such meeting shall be elected to hold office
until the second succeeding annual meeting, if there be two classes, or until the third succeeding annual meeting, if there be three classes. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is
Colonial Stock Transfer Co., Inc. 

Listing 

Our common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol MODD. 

3 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex21-1_modular.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 

NAME 
 
 JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION 
 
 Quasuras, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex23-1_modular.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-264193), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of our report dated June 26,
2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Modular Medical, Inc. as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity/(deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended. 

/s/ Farber Hass Hurley LLP 

Chatsworth, California 

 June 26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-1_modular.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, James E. Besser, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Modular Medical,
Inc. for the period ended March 31, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal controls
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ James E. Besser 
 
 Date: 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 James E. Besser 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2023ex31-2_modular.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Paul M. DiPerna, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Modular Medical,
Inc. for the period ended March 31, 2023; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal controls
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Paul M. DiPerna 
 
 Date: 
 June 26, 2023 
 
 Paul M. DiPerna 

Chairman, President Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2023ex32-1_modular.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Modular Medical, Inc. (the Company for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of James E. Besser, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and Paul M. DiPerna, Chairman, President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of his knowledge, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations
of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/ James E. Besser 
 
 Date: June 26, 2023 
 
 James E. Besser 

Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Paul M. DiPerna 
 
 Date: June 26, 2023 
 
 Paul M. DiPerna 

Chairman, President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

This certification accompanies this Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or otherwise
required, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 modd-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 modd-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 modd-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 modd-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 modd-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

