<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1839360_0001213900-23-027160.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7818845</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>367304</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1363619</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2334885</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1783129</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1730816</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-027160.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230404165220
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-027160
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FaZe Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839360
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				852081659
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40083
		FILM NUMBER:		23798769

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		720 N. CAHUENGA BLVD.
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(818) 688-6373

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		720 N. CAHUENGA BLVD.
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-027160.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_fazeholdingsinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock FAZEW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price
of the shares of common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market on June 30, 2022, was . 

As of April 4, 2023, there were shares of common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

The
information required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated herein by reference
from the registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023, which definitive
proxy statement shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which
this report relates. 

FaZe
Holdings Inc. Annual 

Report
on Form 10-K 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART
 I. 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

PART II. 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Equity Securities 
 36 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 53 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 54 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding
 Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevents Inspections 
 54 

PART III. 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive
 Officers and Corporate Governance 
 55 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 55 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Business Combinations, and Director Independence 
 55 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant
 Fees 
 55 

PART IV. 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 59 

Signatures 
 
 60 

i 

Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements depend upon
events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside of our control. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, 
 predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking
statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include,
without limitation, our expectations concerning the outlook for our business, productivity, plans and goals for future operational improvements
and capital investments, operational performance, future market conditions or economic performance and developments in the capital and
credit markets and expected future financial performance, as well as any information concerning possible or assumed future results of
operations. 

Forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results or events may differ materially from those projected
or implied in those statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 

the
 sufficiency of our cash, cash equivalents and investments to meet our liquidity needs; 

our
 limited operating history and uncertain future prospects and rate of growth due to our limited
 operating history, including our ability to implement business plans and other expectations; 

our
 ability to continue to monetize our platform; 

our
 ability to grow market share in our existing markets or any new markets we may enter; 

our
 ability to maintain and grow the strength of our brand reputation; 

our
 ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our corporate restructuring plan; 

our
 ability to manage our growth effectively; 

our
 ability to retain existing and attract new Esports professionals, content creators and influencers; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, directors and other
 key employees or independent contractors; 

our
 ability to maintain and strengthen our community of brand partners, engaged consumers, content
 creators, influencers and Esports professionals, and the success of our strategic relationships
 with these and other third parties; 

our
 ability to effectively compete within the online entertainment industry, as well as the broader
 entertainment industry; 

our
 presence on the internet and various third-party mass media platforms; 

risks
 related to data security and privacy, including the risk of cyber-attacks or other security
 incidents; 

risks
 resulting from our global operations; 

our
 ability to maintain the listing of our Common Stock and warrants on Nasdaq; 

our
 securities potential liquidity and trading, including that the price of our securities
 may be volatile; 

future
 issuances, sales or resales of our securities; 

ii 

the
 grant and future exercise of registration rights; 

our
 ability to secure future financing, if needed, and our ability to repay any future indebtedness
 when due; 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 impact of the regulatory environment in our industry and complexities with compliance related
 to such environment, including our ability to comply with complex regulatory requirements; 

our
 ability to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting; 

our
 ability to respond to general economic conditions, including market interest rates; 

changes
 to accounting principles and guidelines; and 

other
 factors detailed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

We
caution you not to rely on forward-looking statements, which reflect current beliefs and are based on information currently available
as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. Forward-looking statements set forth herein speak only as of the date of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. There can be no assurance that future developments
affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some
of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors
described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other sections of this report describe additional
factors that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. New risk factors emerge from time to
time and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business,
or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. 

We undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. In the event that any forward-looking statement is updated, no inference
should be made that we will make additional updates with respect to that statement, related matters, or any other forward-looking statements
except to the extent required by law. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. Any corrections or revisions and other important assumptions and
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, including discussions of significant risk
factors, may appear in our public filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which are or will be
(as appropriate) accessible at www.sec.gov, and which you are advised to consult. 

iii 

PART
I. 

Item
1. Business 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, we, us, our, FaZe Clan, FaZe, and
the Company refer to FaZe Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries (including Legacy FaZe
Clan Inc.). References to BRPM refer to our predecessor company, B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., prior to December
22, 2021. 

Our
Company 

FaZe
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated on June 19, 2020, is a digital-native lifestyle platform building a global creator
economy an industry centered around innovative digital content development fueled by social media influencers, creators and businesses
who monetize their content online. We produce premium content, design merchandise and consumer products and create advertising and sponsorship
programs for leading national brands. Our premium brand, world class talent network and our engaged and growing audience drive our platform
and interact with each other to create value and attract new talent and fans. 

On
July 19, 2022, we completed the previously announced business combination by and among B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., BRPM Merger
Sub, Inc. and Legacy FaZe Clan, Inc. (the Business Combination ). We received approximately 113.7 million in gross proceeds
and 57.8 million in net proceeds in connection with the Business Combination. See Note 1, Description of the Business to the consolidated
financial statements contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 

Platform 

Brand 

The
FaZe brand began as a gaming-specific brand, but as the business and industry have evolved, we have transformed into what we believe
to be one of the most well-known youth culture and lifestyle brands. We believe that the FaZe brand is among the most recognized and
engaged brands across both Esports and traditional sports. The strength of our brand is instrumental in driving audience growth, attracting
new talent, brand sponsors and collaborators to the FaZe platform and supporting business expansion into new markets. 

We
have differentiated our brand through our long tenure in the industry, the authenticity of our brand and community, and our reach beyond
gaming. We were an early mover in online video game and youth culture, which we believe gives us a longer track record in the industry
than many of our peers and a leading role in shaping the industry as it exists today. Our pioneering role in the video game content industry
has allowed us to expand our focus to broader youth culture as the games industry grew and became a core part of youth and online culture.
Our long history of success in the industry and investment in building a long term sustainable platform has established our credibility
to interact with our audience with authenticity. 

Talent
Network 

FaZe
has established a diverse and culturally relevant talent roster of over 118 core personalities across content creation, Esports and celebrity
affiliates as of December 31, 2022. Our founding members, Thomas Oliveira FaZe Temperrr ), Richard Bengtson II FaZe
Banks ), Nordan Shat FaZe Rain ), Sabastian Diamond FaZe Cbass and Yousef Abdelfattah FaZe
Apex are recognized as pioneers and trend setters in the industry and remain active members of FaZe. As we have grown our talent
roster, we have made sure to not rely on any single individual to carry the brand, but rather have worked to develop a broad talent base,
where each person is able to establish and grow their own personal brand and following within the overall FaZe platform. We work with
our talent to create new content and connect with new audiences, leading to growth in our overall reach. Each member of our roster serves
as an important piece in the puzzle of FaZe s big picture content platform and most of our fans engage with multiple members of
our talent roster. 

Our
content creators are individuals that create gaming and lifestyle-related content for people to watch on platforms such as YouTube, Twitch,
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. The content we create is generally unscripted and includes game and non-game based content, livestreams
and vlogs. Our content creators maintain a high level of engagement with their audiences through the comments and chat function of the
video platforms and by maintaining an active social media presence. Many of our content creators livestream content over 300+ days a
year. With their continual creation of content and daily interactions with fans, our content creators are one of the strongest touchpoints
between the FaZe brand and our audience. 

Our
talent agreements generally follow a standard form that provides: (i) for an initial term of two years, subject to month-to-month automatic
renewal thereafter; (ii) that FaZe shall be the sole and exclusive manager of the talent, providing facilities and certain mutually agreed
upon resources such as sales personnel, opportunities to create and share content on FaZe channels and platforms and advice on promotional
and business relations and practices; and (iii) that the talent shall post to social media, participate in FaZe social media interactions,
engage in productions with FaZe, generally support FaZe and its projects and split revenue generated by such activities with FaZe. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, one content creator accounted for approximately 18 of our total revenue. For the year ended December
31, 2021, the same content creator accounted for approximately 22 of our total revenue, of which approximately 8 represented a one-time
payment to FaZe for the sale to a third party of a five-year exclusive license with respect to certain historical content posted to YouTube
by the content creator prior to March 2021. This content creator or other FaZe talent may generate significant revenue in the future
as a result of similar one-time sales of licenses to third parties with respect to certain content or as a result of participation in
other one-time or limited events. 

1 

As of December 31, 2022, we have over 47 Esports/gaming professionals
who are members of one of our ten professional Esports teams that compete regionally and globally for Esports championships and prize
pools. Our Esports and gaming professionals compete globally in Apex Legends, Counter Strike Global Offensive, Call of Duty, Fortnite,
PUBG, PUBG Mobile, Halo, FIFA, FIFA Online 4, Rainbow Six Siege, Super Smash Bros, Valorant, and Rocket League. Generally, our Esports
professionals focus on professional competitions rather than content creation. However, a few of our Esports professionals are also content
creators, such as Mongraal, who has over 16 million fans across Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube and Twitch Our integrated platform
allows us to offer our Esports professionals the opportunity to become content creators once their professional playing career is over,
which we believe not many of our competitors have the infrastructure to facilitate. Our ability to transition Esports professionals to
content creation helps FaZe retain talent and the audience we have built up, provides continuity on the platform and also elongates the
lifespan of a professional gamer, offering new ways to bring in revenue for themselves as well as the Company. 

As
FaZe has grown as an organization and attained broader mainstream appeal in recent years, celebrities, athletes, and musicians who are
also passionate gamers expressed interest in joining the FaZe community and partnering with us. We saw an opportunity to expand our talent
roster to include these people that loved gaming and wanted to be a part of FaZe Clan. To date, we have partnered with celebrity collaborators
including musical artists Lil Yachty and Offset (from Migos), NFL star Kyler Murray and basketball prospect LeBron James Jr. These celebrities
play games and interact with content creators and take part in creating lifestyle and games content videos. We believe that FaZe s
affiliation with these celebrities is mutually beneficial, as the celebrities receive exposure to a broad, young audience and a platform
for monetizing their interest in games and youth culture. Meanwhile, we are able to further elevate the FaZe brand and expand our audience
by accessing the celebrities fanbases. These relationships have further legitimized our position as a brand which consumers look
to for lifestyle advice and new trends, as well as a place where our audience can interact with some of the world s best athletes.
All the celebrity talent with whom we have collaborated originated as fans of the brand before they collaborated with FaZe. As celebrity
talent helps grow our brand awareness, we believe these collaborations will support a natural talent acquisition pipeline and improve
our overall relationship retention. 

Audience 

We have cultivated
a strong and engaged fanbase by engaging with our audience across the most popular digital platforms. As of December 31, 2022, we had
a Total Reach of approximately 528 million fans across Twitter, Instagram, TikTok, YouTube and Twitch and 136 million Aggregate YouTube
Subscribers, representing a 17 growth of Aggregate YouTube Subscribers compared to December 31, 2021. Many of our fans have been following
the brand since its inception over ten years ago, and they look to FaZe as a curator of culture. Our target audience are members of the
Millennial and Generation Z generations globally, and according to our analysis of YouTube data, 81 of our audience is between the ages
of 13-34 years old. The younger generations that make up our core audience will continue to grow in terms of spending power and importance
to the global economy. Our core audience came of age in a highly-connected, digital world and have consumption preferences that we believe
make them difficult to reach for established, large-scale brands and traditional media platforms. For additional information on the terms
Total Reach and Aggregate YouTube Subscribers, as well as our other key performance indicators, see the section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Performance Indicators. Our typical audience
member engages with FaZe across three different platforms. We track impressions across social media platforms, which represents the number
of times a piece of content is displayed on social media, no matter if it is clicked or not and engagements, as described in section
titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We also track certain
metrics across our YouTube and Twitch platforms, including views and subscriptions. In 2022, we reached 1.2 billion+ YouTube cumulative
lifetime views and over 1.9 billion Instagram cumulative lifetime views solely on the main FaZe Instagram account. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, we saw growth of approximately 2 in our cumulative YouTube views and growth of approximately 76 in our cumulative
Instagram views. 

We
believe the FaZe platform can be a facilitator for other brands that want to reach our core consumers and, more broadly, serve as a conduit
between the digital and real world. 

Monetization 

Brand
Sponsorships 

The
FaZe platform provides brands and advertisers with the ability to reach and engage with our young and engaged audience base. We work
with brands to provide targeted solutions that meet their needs by leveraging our breadth of sponsorship inventory that includes sponsorship
of FaZe Esports teams, branded content featuring popular FaZe content creators, livestreaming within a gaming destination where millions
tune in to watch their favorite streamers, social activation across our footprint of approximately 528 million Total Reach on Twitter,
Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, and Twitch, and media amplification to provide increased reach to brands own content. We believe that, as
the reach of the FaZe brand expands, our value proposition to advertisers will also continue to improve. We continue to explore new solutions
for brands and advertisers to capitalize on significant demand to access both being associated with the FaZe platform and our audience. 

The primary
brand sponsorship products that we offer to advertisers are brand deals and talent deals. Brand deals comprise the largest portion of
our Brand Sponsorship business and typically present strong unit economics for us. Brand deals are made through the FaZe sales team and
provide the brand with category exclusivity across the FaZe platform, including the full roster of FaZe talent. Brand deals account for
the largest individual deals we enter into and are generally with larger, blue chip sponsors and are at least one year in duration. Talent
deals are typically smaller in size than brand deals and are made directly with individual FaZe talent to promote a brand or product
within content created by the selected talent. For example, FaZe Rug had a smaller scale deal with G Fuel LLC in addition to FaZe s
broader brand deal that expired in February 2022. Talent deals are often from niche sponsors and on a month-to-month basis. 

2 

As
we have grown our audience and recognition of the FaZe platform, we have broadened our sponsorship portfolio from primarily sponsors
endemic to gaming to mass-market sponsors across the food and beverage, auto, and technology industries, including, most recently, well-known
sponsors DraftKings, McDonalds, Ghost Energy and DoorDash. In July 2022, we launched a virtual dining experience, FaZe Subs, exclusively
available on DoorDash, featuring FaZe Clan inspired sandwiches, sauces, sides and desserts available to order on DoorDash. We have also
recently expanded our sponsorship portfolio to include sponsors in new industries, including MoonPay, a global crypto payments infrastructure
provider. We have consistently expanded our sponsor base with limited turnover, growing to nine Significant Sponsors as defined in the
section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Increased segmentation
and specialization within markets has expanded our available advertising and sponsorship inventory by increasing the number of different
categories, providing additional opportunities for brands to associate with the FaZe brand, while also enabling us to increase the density
of the FaZe sponsorship footprint. Going forward, we do not expect any individual sponsorship agreement to generate 10 or more of our
total revenue. 

Content 

Currently,
FaZe s content is most prevalent across social media platforms such as YouTube, Twitch, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter and Facebook,
where we produce mostly short-form digital content. We release our content at the brand level through our owned pages and channels and
oversee the content our talent releases on their own accounts to form a broad and diverse content network. Our content network primarily
generates revenue through digital advertising, but also indirectly benefits our other businesses by growing our brand awareness and our
audience. We utilize search engines such as Google, Bing and Yahoo! to direct a significant amount of traffic to the social media platforms
we use. 

We
are transforming our content production business by leveraging our talent and audience to grow, reach new platforms and create content
across genres. In 2021, we expanded our content capabilities to include music, podcasts, documentaries, films and series and plan to
continue expanding across formats and genres. With our expansion into new formats and creation of new distributor relationships, FaZe
has the opportunity to improve unit economics and monetization. As we prepare for the next phase of our content growth, we are highly
focused on owning and operating our intellectual property, creating a diversified content library and diversifying into different content
verticals across a wide array of platforms. 

In
January 2022, we announced a new series, FaZe 1: Powered by Moonpay, which had 20 finalists livestreamed on Twitch 24 hours
a day for 15 days in a reality show-based setting as they compete for a spot on the FaZe roster and a cross-promotional signing bonus.
The winner was announced on May 26, 2022. 

We currently
generate a portion of our revenue from our produced content primarily in the form of advertising on other platforms such as Twitch and
YouTube. We also receive a share of the digital advertising money generated by our owned channels and our content creators channels
on third-party platforms. In addition, we have generated revenue by licensing FaZe content to third parties. For example, on October
1, 2022, FaZe entered into a Content License Agreement (the Content License Agreement with Tailfin Fund I, LLC (the Licensee ),
pursuant to which FaZe received a one-time fee of 1.2 million for granting to Licensee an exclusive, non-transferrable right and license
for a term of five years to collect all advertising revenues generated from views of content posted to the YouTube channel of one content
creator from November 1, 2021 through September 30, 2022. Additionally, for the duration of the term and three months thereafter, FaZe
granted to Licensee a right of first refusal and Licensee granted to FaZe a matching right with respect to offers to monetize, license,
sell or assign any FaZe content not covered by the Content License Agreement initially. We currently expect these revenue opportunities
to continue in the future. As our content business continues to evolve, we believe our monetization will expand to new avenues as well.
With increasing longer-form content and access to distribution media, we believe we will have an opportunity to generate revenue from
our intellectual property and created shows, live events, podcasts, and docuseries. 

3 

Consumer Products 

We leverage
our brand, talent and audience to drive consumer product sales across a variety of categories and distribution channels. We design and
sell merchandise, apparel and consumer products, and have strong direct-to-consumer relationships through our website, www.fazeclan.com,
where we predominantly make our sales and fans can easily select and purchase their favorite products. 

We
currently sell consumer products across FaZe-branded, player lines, and collaboration categories. FaZe-branded products are goods or
apparel displaying the FaZe logo. FaZe-branded products are developed in response to our Esports success, content offerings, and expansion
of the FaZe brand in order to meet demand from our expanding audience. These products are similar to offerings from other professional
sports teams and are available through our digital storefront on our website to give fans consistent access to FaZe products. Player
lines feature specific brands of certain FaZe talent members. Player lines have expanded as we develop and sign additional talent and
carry talent-specific branding, such as Nuke Squad, a group of our content creators who frequently collaborate together. 

Collaborations
are created through partnerships with lifestyle and culture brands. We have a strong history of collaborations that have expanded the
reach and staying power of the FaZe brand. Our collaborations are typically partnerships or co-branding releases with other well-known
brands that drop or release for a limited amount of time and with scarce quantity to create high levels of excitement and exclusivity.
Our collaboration strategy has proven effective, as it has exposed us to new audiences and reinforced our status as a premier lifestyle
brand, with consumer product drops often selling out in a matter of minutes or hours. Our collaborations and drops are selected with
extreme care to ensure the strength of the FaZe brand and provide products that excite our audience. 

FaZe s
first collaboration was with Champion in 2018, which provided cross-audience exposure to both brands. In 2019, we expanded our collaboration
ambitions across additional premium culture brands and teamed up with Clot, Kappa, and Lyrical Lemonade on consumer product drops. In
2020, we expanded our reach across top culture brands with collaborations with rapper Juice WRLD, Be@rbrick and Anti Social Social Club
and across mainstream sports with Manchester City and the NFL. Our collaborations in 2020 produced several highlights including our Be@rbrick
product selling out in less than a minute, Sports Illustrated generating 131 million media impressions to date and Juice WRLD selling
 1.7 million+ of merchandise in 24 hours as our most successful collaboration to date. This momentum carried forward into 2021, evidenced
by our collaboration with Takashi Murakami, which sold 1.2 million+ of merchandise in less than 4 hours and crashed our licensing and
manufacturing vendor NTWRK s app. In September 2021, our collaboration with DC Comics for a FaZe Batman issue was announced, further
enhancing the cross-platform and genre appeal of FaZe s talent and content. In May 2022, we announced collaborations to date, including
a line of apparel featuring a reimagined, digitized version of Mickey Mouse, Mickey On The Grid, designed in partnership
with Disney, and a merchandise collaboration with Naruto Shippuden, a well-known anime series, selling 0.2 million and 0.7 million
respectively. Our carefully crafted consumer products strategy has allowed us to engage with our fans and grow the FaZe brand through
limited drops that maintain excitement for our goods. One area that we are considering, which has the potential to considerably increase
the reach of our consumer products business, is entering into retail, where we could distribute a selection of products through traditional
physical retail outlets. In addition, we have the opportunity to expand the types of consumer products we sell, branching into areas
such as computer peripherals, which offer natural crossover with our audience s demand and strong unit economics. 

It is imperative
that we expand our market share and take steps to maintain our premium brand position. To accomplish this, we are exploring bifurcated
product lines across scaled production and premium items. We envision that mass-produced items would be widely available and improve
our brand awareness, while premium items would have limited stock and maintain our status as an exclusive brand. We believe this would
allow us to maintain exclusive and limited distribution of key items and continue to bolster the FaZe brand through select collaborations. 

4 

Esports and Gaming 

FaZe
has competed professionally in Esports for over ten years, and we continue to develop and recruit premiere talent to drive strong tournament
results and our overall engagement. Our elite Esports teams compete at the highest level across ten popular video game titles and have
won 36 championships as of December 31, 2022. 

In addition
to the revenue it generates, our Esports and Gaming business serves as an important tool to continue to build and reinforce the FaZe
brand, particularly in international markets where Esports are widely followed. The success of our thirteen teams across Apex
Legends, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, EA SPORTS FIFA 23, FIFA Online 4, Fortnite, Halo Infinite, PUBG: Battlegrounds, PUBG mobile,
Tom Clancy s Rainbow Six Siege, Rocket League, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, Valorant, and Call of Duty: Modern Warfare II, draws
new fans into the FaZe ecosystem and serves as a means of cost-effective marketing for the FaZe brand. Single events in the space can
create broad ripple effects, such as the 2022 CSGO Tournament PGL Antwerp, which generated 25 million impressions and 0.7 million engagements
for FaZe across all of our social media networks and channels. 

Our
Esports and Gaming business generates revenue across several verticals including prize money, digital items, league participation and
transfers. Due to strong team success, tournament winnings currently makes up the largest portion of Esports/Gaming revenue. League participation
revenue is generated as revenue share from closed leagues that FaZe participates in. Transfers represent one-off revenue payments when
transferring a player to a peer organization and are dependent on player performance and roster construction. 

We
constantly evaluate opportunities to expand our Esports and Gaming platform through producing content by playing new games and sharing
content in new geographies. When selecting new games, we consider game popularity, ability to compete with similar titles of the same
genre, league structure, game publisher, profitability and revenue potential, among other things. We prefer mainstream games with global
audiences to maximize the exposure our brand gains from fielding a team. Games with strong international audiences provide us with a
chance to tap into new markets and expand our global presence. We prioritize winning first and foremost in order to maintain our status
as a premiere Esports organization, and we will only enter a league if we believe we are able to put together and maintain a consistently
competitive roster. We have generally preferred open leagues instead of closed leagues in order to minimize upfront capital required
and risk, but we evaluate closed leagues with particularly attractive characteristics across other aspects, such as competition in extremely
popular games. The credibility of game publishers is also important, as we need to trust them to maintain and grow the game and Esports
ecosystem. When evaluating the profitability and revenue potential of a game, we focus on the availability of branded digital items,
potential for expansion of under-monetized media rights, and competitive prize money opportunity primarily with consideration for additional
upsides such as franchise value appreciation. 

Competition 

We
compete against a vast variety of fragmented firms across multiple industries, including well-established lifestyle brands, long-standing
players in the media industry, traditional sports leagues, and new entrants challenging our position in the Esports and gaming industry.
We face significant competition from both online and offline competitors primarily on brand awareness, content quality and breadth, and
the speed at which we can continue to keep pace with the evolving preferences of our target consumers. While we believe that we compete
favorably across these factors taken as a whole, new competitors will likely continue to emerge, and these competitors may have greater
financial resources or brand awareness than we do. 

Intellectual Property 

The recognition of the FaZe brand is an important component to our
success. We have obtained a set of intellectual property registrations and applications, including for the FaZe brand, throughout the
world. 

5 

We
police our trademark portfolio globally, including by monitoring trademark registries around the world and investigating digital, online
and common law uses in order to learn as soon as possible whether the relevant parties engage in or plan to engage in conduct that would
violate our valuable trademark rights. We monitor registries through the use of robust international subscription watch services, supplemented
by periodic manual review. 

We
typically discover or are informed of infringing uses of our trademarks through our internal policing system or by our employees. 

We
investigate and evaluate each instance of infringement to determine the appropriate course of action, including cease and desist letters,
administrative proceedings, cybersquatting actions or infringement actions, if any. Wherever possible, we seek to resolve these matters
amicably and without litigation. 

In
an effort to ensure that registries in countries where we operate or intend to operate remain clear of infringing trademark registrations,
we frequently file opposition actions, cancellation actions and other administrative proceedings around the world. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 112 total employees, including 108
full-time employees, as well as 98 independent contractors 

As part of
our plans to become a more cost-efficient company, on February 16, 2023, we announced a reduction in by approximately 20 , which, included
streamlining our team structure in support of our business priorities. Following these reductions, we had 90 employees and 48 independent
contractors, as of March 10, 2023. 

Regulatory
Matters 

The
digital content and entertainment industry and the markets in which we operate are new and developing and, as such, are not heavily regulated
at this time. There are inherent risks and uncertainties associated with operating in new and developing industries and markets, especially
as the laws and regulations regarding these industries and markets are also developing and changing. Although we are not currently subject
to significant government regulation, the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us in the future are
uncertain and may be conflicting in different jurisdictions in which we operate; as a result, we may come under increased regulatory
scrutiny which may restrict the digital content and entertainment industry and associated markets, including with respect to talent management,
rights of publicity, intellectual property, consumer protection electronic commerce, advertising, targeted, electronic or telephonic
marketing, competition, data protection and privacy, data localization, anti-corruption and bribery, content regulation, taxation, labor
and employment, securities regulation, financial reporting and accounting and economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions or other
subjects. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted and applied in a
manner that is inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistent with our current policies and practices and in ways that
could harm our business. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations may be uncertain, particularly
in the new and rapidly evolving industries in which we operate, and new laws or adverse findings of law regarding the characterization
of the type of business FaZe operates could alter our legal and regulatory burden. 

Furthermore,
the growth and development of electronic commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional
burdens on companies such as ours that conduct business through the internet and mobile devices. The costs of complying with such laws
and regulations may be high and are likely to increase in the future, particularly as the degree of regulation increases, our business
grows and our geographic scope expands. Further, the impact of these laws and regulations may disproportionately affect our business
in comparison to our peers in the technology sector that have greater resources. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and
regulations may subject us to significant liabilities or penalties, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or
operating results. 

6 

Although
we are not heavily regulated at this time, we rely on a variety of statutory and common-law frameworks and defenses relevant to the content
we produce and make available on various third-party platforms, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the DMCA ),
the Communications Decency Act (the CDA and the fair-use doctrine in the U.S., and the Electronic Commerce Directive in
the E.U. However, each of these laws is subject to uncertain or evolving judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments.
If the rules, doctrines or currently available defenses change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply protections similar to
those that are currently available in the U.S. or the E.U., or if a court were to change the application of those rules to us and the
third party services upon which we rely, we and such third parties could be required to expend significant resources to try to comply
with the new rules or incur liability, and our business, revenue and financial results could be harmed. 

Non-compliance
with any applicable laws and regulations could result in penalties or significant legal liability. We take reasonable efforts to comply
with all applicable laws and regulations, and will continue to do so as our regulatory burden changes, but there can be no assurance
that we will not be subject to regulatory action, including fines, in the event of an incident. We or our third-party service providers
could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our or our third-party service providers 
business practices or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect
our or our third-party service providers business, results of operations, or financial condition. In addition, government authorities
outside the U.S. may also seek to restrict or block access to our content, platform or website, or to application stores or the internet
generally, or require a license therefor, and to the hosting, production or streaming of certain content or impose other restrictions
that may affect the accessibility or usability of our content in that jurisdiction for a period of time or indefinitely. For additional
information, see the section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Matters. 

Available
Information 

Our
website is https://fazeclan.com. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC.
Our SEC filings are available to the public on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on our website at https://investor.fazeclan.com.
We may use our website as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation
Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC. These disclosures are included on our website at https://investor.fazeclan.com in the News
 Events section. Accordingly, investors should monitor this portion of our website, in addition to following our press releases,
SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not part of this report. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Summary
Risk Factors 

You
should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before investing in our securities.
These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: 

Risks
Related to Our Business : 

We
 have incurred and expect to continue to incur operating losses and may not establish and
 maintain profitability in the future. 

We received less proceeds from
 the Business Combination than we initially anticipated. This could prevent us from executing on our business plan and may adversely
 affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
 business depends on the strength of our brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance
 our brand, we may be unable to sell our products or services, and our consumer engagement
 may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 and results of operations. 

We
 are subject to risks associated with operating in a rapidly developing industry and a relatively
 new market. 

We
 have experienced rapid growth since our inception and we expect that we will continue to
 grow. If we are unable to effectively manage that growth, our financial performance and future
 prospects will be adversely affected. 

7 

If
 Esports professionals, influencers and content creators, whom have historically accounted
 for a substantial portion of our revenue, were to become less popular and we are unable to
 identify and acquire suitable replacements, our business and prospects could suffer. 

Misalignment
 with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment and retail consumer products
 could negatively impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products, which could
 have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We primarily rely, and expect
 to continue to primarily rely, on third-party mass media platforms such as YouTube, TikTok, Twitter, Instagram, and Twitch to deliver
 our content offerings to fans and potential viewers and any failure, disruption of or interference with our use of, or our target
 audience s access to, such streaming services could disrupt the availability of our content and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Significant
 disruption during live events that we participate in, such as power and internet outages,
 may adversely affect our business. 

If
 we are unable to compete effectively for advertisers and sponsors, our business, revenue
 and financial results could be negatively affected. 

Risks
Related to Our People : 

Our
 success will depend on our ability to attract and retain our personnel, and any failure to
 attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could seriously harm our
 business. 

Our
 workforce and operations have grown substantially since our inception and we expect that
 they will continue to do so. If we are unable to effectively manage that growth, our financial
 performance and future prospects will be adversely affected. 

An
 increase in the relative size of Esports and content creator salaries or talent acquisition
 costs could negatively impact our business. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property : 

The
 success of our business is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual
 property rights in the entertainment products and services we create. 

We
 may be unable to maintain or acquire licenses to incorporate intellectual property owned
 by others in our entertainment offerings. 

8 

Risks
Related to Our Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Matters : 

We
 are involved, and in the future may become involved, in claims, suits, and other proceedings
 arising in the ordinary course of business. The outcomes of any such current or future legal
 proceedings could have a negative impact on our business. 

Our
 business, content and products, as well as the services of third-parties upon which we rely,
 may in the future be subject to increasing regulation around the world. If we or they do
 not successfully respond and adapt to these potential regulations, our business could be
 negatively impacted. 

If
 we are required to reclassify independent contractors as employees, we may incur additional
 costs and taxes which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
 of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Tax, Financial and Accounting Matters : 

We
 have identified a number of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain
 an effective system of internal control, which may result in material misstatements of our
 financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 

Risks
Related to Our Securities : 

Our
 stock price has been, and may continue to be volatile, and may decline regardless of our
 operating performance. 

Our ability to maintain a Nasdaq
 listing and an active trading market for our Common Stock may not be sustained. 

The
 sale of substantial amounts of our securities in the public market (including the shares
 of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our Warrants), or the perception that such sales
 may occur, could cause our stock price to decline, and the sale of substantial amounts of
 our securities in the public market (including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
 of our Warrants), or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause our stock price
 to decline the sale of substantial amounts of our securities in the public market (including
 the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our Warrants), or the perception that
 holders of a large number of securities intend to sell their securities, has caused in the
 past, and could cause in the future, the market price of our Common Stock and Warrants to
 decline. 

9 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
have incurred and expect to continue to incur operating losses and may not establish and maintain profitability in the future. 

We have incurred
net losses since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses in the near future. We incurred net losses of 168.5 million
and 36.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 280.9 million and 112.4 million, respectively. 

While we
have experienced significant revenue and other growth in recent periods, the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and rapidly
changing, and relies heavily on continually introducing compelling content and products. In addition, we expect to incur significant
legal, accounting, and other expenses as a public company . If we fail to deliver such content and products, do not execute our strategy
successfully or if our content offerings or products are delayed in any way, our revenue may decline, and our operating results will
suffer. If we fail to increase our revenue to sufficiently offset the increases in our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve
or maintain profitability in the future. 

If
we cannot generate sufficient cash flows or find other sources of capital to fund our operations, we may need to sell additional equity
investments or debt securities, or obtain other debt financings. If adequate funds from these or other sources are not available at all
or on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our operations, to attract
and retain fans and brand sponsorships and their willingness to pay for our services, enter into future arrangements to acquire or invest
in businesses, products, services and strategic partnerships , or otherwise respond to competitive
pressures could be significantly impaired. Our inability to do any of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition and may raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
received less proceeds from the Business Combination than we initially anticipated. This could prevent us from executing on our business
plan and may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We rely on
the availability of capital to grow our business. We anticipated that we would receive at least 218 million in capital from the Business
Combination. At the closing of the Business Combination, we received approximately 113.7 million in proceeds, including the proceeds
from the PIPE investment, following a high percentage of redemptions by BRPM public stockholders and higher than expected expenses in
connection with the Business Combination. Accordingly, we have less cash available to pursue our planned growth strategies and initiatives.
This may cause significant delays in, and has currently limited the scope of, our planned growth strategies. As a result, these delays
and limitations may have a material impact on our growth estimates, as well as our actual results of operations, financial condition,
and stock price. 

Our
business depends on the strength of our brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, we may be unable to sell our
products or services, and our consumer engagement may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

We believe
that our brand, identity and reputation contribute significantly to our ability to generate revenue. Maintaining and enhancing the FaZe
brand and reputation is critical to retaining and growing our consumer, sponsor and advertiser bases. Maintaining and enhancing our brand
and reputation depends largely on our continued ability to provide high-quality, culturally-relevant and entertaining content, as well
as competitive Esports competition results, which may require substantial investment by us and may not be successful. Further, advertisements
and sponsorships, and actions of our advertisers or sponsors may affect our brand and reputation if our consumers respond negatively
to them. Additionally, our brand, identity and reputation may be adversely affected by perceptions of our industry in general, including
perceptions resulting from factors unrelated to our actions or our content, or perceptions of our business. 

To
achieve profitability, we believe we must preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand across all of our revenue streams. We have
in the past experienced, and we expect that in the future we will continue to receive, a high degree of media coverage. Unfavorable publicity
regarding any of our Esports teams, Esports athletes, content creators, influencers or brand partners regarding their actions or professional
performance, or any unfavorable publicity regarding our ability to attract and retain certain Esports players and coaching staff, could
negatively affect our brand and reputation. Failure to respond effectively to negative publicity could also further erode our brand reputation. 

In
addition, events in our industry, even if unrelated to us, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. As a result, the size and
engagement of our fan base and the demand for our products may decline. Damage to our brand or reputation or loss of our fans 
commitment for any of these reasons could impair our ability to expand our fan base, sponsors and commercial affiliates or our ability
to sell significant quantities of our products, which could result in decreased revenue across our revenue streams and have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and financial condition, as well as require additional
resources to rebuild our brand and reputation. 

10 

In addition,
maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation may require us to make substantial investments, some or all of which may not result
in the expected benefits to the Company. Failure to successfully maintain and enhance the FaZe brand and reputation or excessive or unsuccessful
expenses in connection with this effort could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are subject to risks associated with operating in a rapidly developing industry and a relatively new market. 

Many
elements of our business are unique, evolving and relatively unproven. Our business and prospects depend on the continuing development
of livestreaming of competitive Esports, gaming and lifestyle content. The market for competitive Esports, gaming and lifestyle content
is relatively new and rapidly developing and is subject to significant challenges. Our business relies upon our ability to cultivate
and grow an active community, and our ability to successfully monetize such community through advertising and sponsorship opportunities
and retail sales. In addition, our continued growth depends, in part, on our ability to respond to the constant changes in our industry,
including rapid technological evolution, continued shifts in gamer trends and demands, the introduction of new competitors into the market,
and the constant emergence of new industry standards and practices. Developing and integrating new content, products and services could
be expensive and time-consuming, and these efforts may not yield the anticipated benefits. Further, if the Esports gaming advertising
and sponsorship market does not continue to grow, or if we are unable to capture and retain a sufficient share of that market, our results
may be materially and adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in any of these aspects or that our industry will
continue to grow as rapidly as it has in the past. 

We
have experienced rapid growth since our inception and we expect that we will continue to grow. If we are unable to effectively manage
that growth, our financial performance and future prospects will be adversely affected. 

Since
our inception, we have experienced rapid growth in the U.S. This growth has included growth in our fanbase, consumer product sales, content
pipeline, Esports/gaming performance, and in the number of our talent and of our brand sponsorships, among other things. In addition,
we expect future growth in our fanbase, consumer product sales, content pipeline, Esports/gaming performance, the number of brand sponsorships,
and in the number of our talent, and emerging monetization areas. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and has placed,
and will continue to place, strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, financial resources and internal financial control
and reporting functions. The industries in which we operate are rapidly evolving and may not develop as we expect. Even if our revenue
continues to increase, our net revenue growth rates may vary in the future as a result of macroeconomic factors, increased competition,
the maturation of our business, and other factors. Overall growth of our net revenue will depend on a number of factors, including our
ability to: 

Maintain
 and enhance our reputation and the value of our brand; 

Continue
 to produce content and offer retail products that our target audience finds appealing so
 that we are able to attract new consumers and maintain our existing consumer relationships
 and engagement; 

Accurately
 forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses; 

Successfully
 compete in the industries in which we participate, and respond to developments in these industries; 

Comply
 with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our business; 

Realize
 the anticipated benefits of our cost cutting initiatives plan; 

Successfully
 expand into new business verticals and new markets, including international markets; 

Retain
 talented personnel; 

Effectively
 manage the growth of our business, personnel, and operations; 

Effectively
 manage our costs related to our business and operations; and 

Attract
 and retain creative talent. 

Because
we have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects,
including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We may not be able to manage our growth or execute our business plans and
initiatives effectively, which could damage our reputation and negatively affect our operating results. 

11 

Competition within the online entertainment industry as well
as the broader entertainment industry is intense and our existing and potential consumers may be attracted to competing forms of entertainment
such as television, movies, and sporting events, as well as other entertainment and gaming options on the internet. If our Esports professionals,
influencers and content creators do not maintain or increase their popularity, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects would be materially adversely affected. 

The specific industries in which we operate, including online gaming
and lifestyle content, professional Esports, and retail merchandise, are characterized by dynamic consumer demand and technological advances,
and there is intense competition among online gaming and traditional entertainment providers. A number of established companies producing
content similar to ours compete with us and our platform, and other companies may introduce competitive services in the future. These
competitors may spend more money and time on developing their respective platforms, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt
more aggressive business strategies, or otherwise develop more appealing content offerings than ours, which could negatively impact our
business. Furthermore, new competitors may enter our industry and compete directly with us. If we are not able to maintain or improve
our market share, or if the offerings on our platform do not continue to be popular, our business could suffer. 

We operate in the digital entertainment and gaming industries within
the broader entertainment industry, and our consumers face a vast array of easily accessible entertainment choices. Other forms of entertainment,
such as television, movies and sporting events, as well as other forms of digital entertainment, are more well established and may be
perceived by the users to offer greater variety, affordability, interactivity, and enjoyment. We compete with these other forms of entertainment
for the discretionary time and income of these consumers, and competition within the industries we operate and the broader entertainment
industry is intense. If we are unable to sustain sufficient interest in our platform in comparison to other forms of entertainment, including
new forms of entertainment, we could experience reduced demand for our content, live events and overall popularity, which could have an
adverse effect on our business financial condition and results of operations. 

Misalignment with public and consumer tastes
and preferences for entertainment and retail consumer products could negatively impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products,
which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We create entertainment content and consumer products, the success
of which depends substantially on consumer interests and preferences that frequently change in unpredictable ways. The success of our
business depends on our ability to consistently create digital content and consumer products, and to have popular talent, that meet the
changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of entertainment choices facilitated
by technological developments in the availability and delivery of digital content. Misalignment of our content, products, and talent if
we are not successful in responding to rapidly changing public and consumer tastes and preferences, could impact demand for our offerings
and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially affected. 

12 

We
primarily rely, and expect to continue to primarily rely, on third-party mass media platforms, such as YouTube, TikTok, Twitter, Instagram,
and Twitch, to deliver our content offerings to fans and potential viewers and any failure, disruption of or interference with our use
of such streaming services could disrupt the availability of our content and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

The
success of our business is driven in part by the commercial success and adequate supply of third-party mass media channels through which
we may distribute our content, including YouTube, TikTok, Twitter, Instagram, and Twitch. Our success also depends on our ability to
accurately predict which channels and platforms will be successful with the FaZe and larger gaming communities, our ability to develop
commercially successful content and distribute it on these platforms. Additionally, we may enter into certain exclusive licensing arrangements
that affect our ability to deliver or market our content on certain channels and platforms. A channel or platform may not succeed as
expected or new channels or platforms may take market share and consumers away from platforms for which we have devoted significant resources.
If demand for the channels or platforms for which we are developing and producing our content is lower than our expectations, we may
be unable to fully recover the investments we have made, and our financial performance may be negatively impacted. Alternatively, a channel
or platform for which we have not devoted significant resources could be more successful than we initially anticipated, causing us to
not be able to take advantage of meaningful revenue opportunities. 

Significant
disruption during live events that we participate in, such as power and internet outages, may adversely affect our business. 

We,
as well as the teams in the Esports leagues we compete in, host and participate in numerous live events each year, some of which are
attended by a large number of people. If an event we host or in which we participate experience an internet or power outage, the event
may be delayed or canceled, and our reputation may be harmed. Additionally, there are many risks that are inherent in large gatherings
of people, including the risk of an actual or threatened terrorist act, fire, explosion, protests, riots, and other safety or security
issues, any one of which could result in injury or death to attendees and/or damage to the facilities at which such an event is hosted.
While we maintain insurance policies, they may be insufficient to reimburse us for all losses or all types of claims that may be caused
by such an event. Moreover, if there was a public perception that the safety or security measures are inadequate at the events we host
or events hosted by our teams in the Esports leagues we compete in, even if such perception was incorrect, it could result in reputational
damage and a decline in future attendance at events hosted by us or the leagues in which our Esports teams compete. 

We focus our business on our Esports professionals, influencers
and content creators and consumers, and acting in their interests in the long- term may conflict with the short-term expectations of investors. 

A significant part of our business strategy and culture is to focus
on long-term growth and the development and experience of our Esports professionals, content creators and influencers over short-term
financial results. We expect our expenses to continue to increase in the future as we broaden our Esports athlete, content creator and
influencer community, and increase the amount and types of content offerings available on the FaZe platform. We expect to continue making
significant investments to grow our platform and develop new capabilities for the benefit of our Esports professionals, content creators,
influencers and consumers. Such expenditures may not result in improved business results or profitability over the long-term. If we are
ultimately unable to achieve or improve profitability at the level or during the time from anticipated by securities or industry analysts,
investors and our stockholders, the trading price of our stock may decline. 

13 

Negative
events or negative media coverage relating to, or a declining popularity of, industries in which we operate and gaming in particular,
or other negative coverage of our brand, or third parties with whom we are affiliated with, may adversely impact our ability to retain
existing consumers of our entertainment offerings or attract new consumers, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Public
opinion can significantly influence our business. Unfavorable publicity regarding the industries in which we operate, us or our brand,
and any third-party persons with whom we are associated with, the popularity of our industry, the security of our platform and the platforms
of our competitors and the content of our offerings, litigation, or regarding the actions of third parties with whom we have relationships,
could seriously harm our reputation. Negative commentary regarding us, our products or influencers and other third parties who are affiliated
with us may also be posted on social media platforms and may be adverse to our reputation or business. Influencers with whom we maintain
relationships could engage in behavior or use their platforms to communicate with our consumers in a manner that reflects poorly on our
brand and may be attributed to us or otherwise adversely affect us. It is not possible to prevent such behavior, and the precautions
we take to detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Our target consumers often value readily available information and
often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. The harm may be immediate, without affording
us an opportunity for redress or correction. Negative public perception of us could adversely affect the size, demographics and engagement
of our consumers and result in decreased revenue, slower growth rates or other unforeseeable consequences, which could seriously harm
our business. 

Some
content creators or other persons associated with us may make unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal use of games on third-party platforms,
including through unauthorized third-party websites or cheating programs, which may negatively impact our brand and adversely
affect our business. 

Unrelated
third parties have developed, and may continue to develop, cheating programs that enable players to exploit vulnerabilities
in games, play them in an automated way, collude to alter the outcome or otherwise obtain unfair advantages. These programs and practices
undermine the integrity of our platform and brand, as they harm the experiences of players who play fairly. If we are unable to prevent
our content creators or other associated persons from using cheating programs, our reputation may be damaged. If our brand
is associated with cheating, it could result in lost revenue from sponsorships and advertising, cause us to lose personnel,
and distract our management team from daily operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
reputation and future prospects. 

Our
use of social media, particularly for marketing and ecommerce, may increase our burden to monitor compliance of such materials with applicable
terms of use, laws and regulations. 

Use of social
media and influencers may materially and adversely affect our reputation or brand and may subject us to fines or other penalties. As
laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices continue to evolve, failure to abide by applicable laws and regulations
in the use of these platforms and devices, failure to abide by applicable terms of use of these platforms, or otherwise could subject
us to regulatory investigations, class action lawsuits, liability, fines or other penalties. In addition, an increase in the use of social
media for marketing may cause an increase in our burden to monitor compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials
contain problematic or marketing claims in violation of applicable regulations. We use third-party social media platforms as, among other
things, a way to engage with our fans and to enhance our brand marketing efforts. For example, we maintain Instagram, Facebook, Twitter,
YouTube and Twitch accounts. We also maintain relationships with many influencers and engage in sponsorship initiatives. As existing
e-commerce and social media platforms continue to rapidly evolve and new platforms develop, we must continue to maintain a presence on
these platforms and establish presences on new or emerging popular social media platforms, as well as remain in compliance with the various,
and often changing, terms of use of such platforms. If we are unable to cost-effectively use social media platforms to engage with our
audience and enhance our brand marketing efforts, or if the platforms we use do not evolve quickly enough for us to fully optimize such
platforms, or if we are unable to remain compliant with applicable terms of use of such platforms, our ability to acquire new consumers
and our financial condition may suffer. Furthermore, as laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and
devices, the failure by us, our employees, our network of social media influencers, our sponsors or third parties acting at our direction
to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices or otherwise could subject us to regulatory investigations,
class action lawsuits, liability, fees, or other penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
operating results. In addition, government authorities may seek to restrict the access and operations of certain social media platforms.
For example, the U.S. federal government and certain states have banned the use of TikTok on government issued devices due to security
concerns related to TikTok s foreign ownership. Significant changes in the ability of the Company, its partners or its target audience
to access or use social media platforms on which we rely could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

In
addition, an increase in the use of social media for product and content promotion and marketing may cause an increase in the burden
on us to monitor compliance of such materials, and increase the risk that such materials could contain problematic or marketing claims
in violation of applicable regulations. For example, in some cases, the Federal Trade Commission has sought enforcement action where
an endorsement has failed to clearly and conspicuously disclose a financial relationship or material connection between an influencer
and an advertiser. We do not prescribe what our FaZe content creators and influencers post, and if we were held responsible for the content
of their posts or their actions, we could be forced to alter our practices, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

We
rely on certain assumptions and estimates in calculating our key metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics may harm
our reputation and negatively affect our business. 

We
track certain key operating metrics, including Total Reach and Average Revenue Per YouTube Subscriber, using internal data analytics
tools, which have certain limitations. In addition, we rely on data received from third parties, including third-party platforms on which
we maintain an active presence, to track certain performance indicators. Data from both such sources may include information relating
to fraudulent accounts and interactions with our website or the social media accounts we and our content creators and influencers maintain
(including as a result of the use of bots, or other automated or manual mechanisms to generate false impressions that are delivered through
their accounts). We have only a limited ability to verify data from our sites or third parties, and perpetrators of fraudulent impressions
may change their tactics and may become more sophisticated, which would make it still more difficult to detect such activity. 

Our methodologies
for tracking metrics may also change over time, which could result in changes to the metrics we report. If we undercount or overcount
performance due to the internal data analytics tools we use or issues with the data received from third parties, or if our internal data
analytics tools contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate or comparable with prior periods.
In addition, limitations, changes or errors with respect to how we measure data may affect our understanding of certain details of our
business, which could affect our longer-term strategies. If our performance metrics are not accurate representations of the reach or
monetization of our network, if we discover inaccuracies in our metrics or the data on which such metrics are based, or if we can no
longer calculate any of our key performance metrics with a sufficient degree of accuracy and cannot find an adequate replacement for
the metric, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. If our measures of these key operating
metrics are inaccurate, our partnerships, including with our Significant Sponsors with whom we have sponsorship or other partnerships,
may not value our platform and relationship the same and as a result our business, revenue and financial results would be harmed. For
additional discussions on Total Reach, Average Revenue Per YouTube Subscriber and Total Number of Significant Sponsors see Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Faze Key Performance Indicators. 

Our
industry is subject to rapid technological change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging
technologies and business models, our business may be negatively impacted. 

Technology
changes rapidly in the entertainment industry. We must continually anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies and business models
to stay competitive. Forecasting the financial impact these changing technologies and business models may have is inherently uncertain
and volatile. Supporting a new technology or business model may require affiliating with a new business or technology vendor, and such
affiliation may be on terms that are less favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business models. If we invest in
the development of content offerings that incorporate a new technology or business model that does not achieve significant popularity,
whether because of competition or otherwise, we may not recover the often substantial costs of developing and marketing those content
offerings, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting company resources away from other content and product offerings. In the near
and longer term, we expect to take advantage of broader trends such as the growth of the metaverse in the digital economy and the associated
increase in importance of technologies such as blockchains, virtual reality and augmented reality. We may not be successful in allocating
our resources to these new areas and may not recover the costs and opportunity costs of investing in these opportunities instead of others.
Further, our competitors may adapt to these or other emerging technologies or business models more quickly or effectively than we do. 

If,
on the other hand, we elect not to pursue the development of content offerings or other opportunities incorporating a new technology,
or otherwise elect not to pursue new business models that achieve significant success and popularity, it may have adverse consequences
to our business. It may take significant time and expenditures to shift financial and personnel resources to that technology or business
model, and it may be more difficult to compete against existing companies that incorporate that technology or business model effectively. 

15 

We
depend in part on internet search engines to direct traffic and refer new consumers to us. If search engines methodologies and
policies are modified or enforced in ways we do not anticipate, or if our search results page rankings decline for others reasons, traffic
to our website and social media accounts, including our YouTube, TikTok, Twitter, Instagram and Twitch accounts, as well as overall retention
of reengagement could decline, which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

We
depend in part on internet search engines such as Google, Bing and Yahoo! to direct a significant amount of traffic to our platform.
Our ability to maintain and increase the number of visitors directed to our platform from search engines is not within our control. Search
engines such as Google have, and may continue to modify their search algorithms (including what content they index) and policies or enforce
these policies in ways that are detrimental to us, that we are not able to predict or without prior notice. If these algorithms or policies
are changed, or if policies are enforced in detrimental ways to us, we may experience declines in traffic and fan growth as a result.
In addition, some or all of these changes in policies or their enforcement may not apply in the same manner to some or all of our competitors,
and as a result our competitors may experience more favorable search results than we do. Any significant reduction in the traffic directed
to our platform from search engines could harm our business and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to compete effectively for advertisers and sponsors, our business, revenue and financial results could be negatively affected. 

We
face significant competition for advertising and sponsorship revenue across a variety of formats. To compete effectively, we must enable
our advertisers and sponsors to easily have access to the FaZe platform. In order to grow our revenue and improve our operating results,
we must increase our share of advertising and sponsorship spend relative to our competitors, as well as more robust tools to measure
the effectiveness of advertising 

and
sponsorship campaigns. 

Some of our
larger competitors leverage their advertiser and sponsor relationships based on their products and services to gain additional share
of advertising and sponsorship spend. They also sometimes have large distributed sales forces and an increasing amount of control over
mobile distribution channels. These competitors could have access to large volumes of data and other important information, which may
enable them to better understand their consumer base and develop and deliver more targeted advertising and more relevant and appealing
sponsors. They may not need to rely on third-party data, including data provided by advertisers or sponsors, in order to effectively
target their campaigns, which could make their platform more attractive to advertisers and sponsors than ours if third-party data ceases
to be available to us, whether because of regulatory changes, privacy concerns or other reasons. If we are unable to provide our advertisers
and sponsors with the ability to effectively target our audience, or if our advertisers and sponsors do not believe that our value proposition
is as compelling as those of our competitors, we may not be able to attract new advertisers and sponsors or retain existing ones, and
our business, revenue and financial results could be harmed. 

We
must effectively operate with mobile operating systems, web browsers, social media applications, networks, regulations and standards,
which we do not control. Changes in our content offerings on or other changes to such mobile operating systems, web browsers, social
media applications, networks, applicable laws, regulations and standards may negatively impact our business. 

We
make our services available across a variety of mobile operating systems and devices. We are dependent on the interoperability of our
services with popular mobile devices, web browsers and mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as Chrome, Safari, Android
and iOS. Any changes in such mobile operating systems or devices that degrade the availability of our content or give preferential treatment
to competitors could adversely affect viewership of our content. In order to deliver high quality content, it is important that our offerings
are available across a range of mobile operating systems, networks, mobile devices and standards that we do not control. We may not be
successful in developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing content that operate effectively
with these operating systems, networks, devices and standards. In the event that it is difficult for our consumers to access our content,
particularly on their mobile devices, our brand reputation and business could be harmed. 

16 

We
rely on software, technologies and related services from other parties to operate certain functions of our day-to-day business, and problems
in their use or access could increase our costs and harm our business, Financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on
software, technologies and related services from third parties to operate critical internal and day-to-day functions of our business.
Third-party technologies or services that we utilize may become unavailable due to a variety of reasons, including outages, interruptions
or failure to perform under a relevant agreement. Unexpected delays in their availability or function can, in turn, affect our operations.
Further, third-party software or service providers may cease to provide such software or services on commercially reasonable terms or
may fail to properly maintain or update their software. In such instances, we may be required to seek licenses to similar software or
services from other parties on less favorable economic terms. These occurrences, delays and limitations, if they occur, could harm our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
importance of retail sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including negative economic conditions affecting
the purchases of discretionary items, supply chain and other distribution issues or disruptions, fluctuations in sales and the volatility
of consumer preferences. 

Our retail
business is subject to global economic conditions and their impact on consumer discretionary spending. Some of the factors that may negative
influence consumer spending include high levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth, declines in asset
values and related market uncertainty, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, inflation, fluctuating interest rates and credit
availability, fluctuating fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, geopolitical developments (such as the war in Ukraine)
and general uncertainty regarding the overall future political and economic environment. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including
the merchandise that we offer, generally decline during periods of economic uncertainty or downturn, when disposable income is reduced
or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Adverse economic changes could reduce consumer confidence, and thereby could negatively
affect our retail business. These economic difficulties and other macroeconomic challenges change rapidly and are difficult to predict,
and if we are unable to adequately address them, our business may be harmed. 

Our
business may be harmed if our Esports professionals, influencers and content creators, or other third parties with whom we are affiliated
with and rely upon, misappropriate sensitive information of ours or our intellectual property, or fail to provide adequate services. 

In
many cases, our Esports professionals, content creators, influencers, partners and other third-party affiliates are given access to sensitive
information or our intellectual property in order to provide services and support to the FaZe brand. These Esports professionals, content
creators, influencers, content creators and other third-party affiliates may misappropriate or misuse our information or intellectual
property and engage in unauthorized use of it. Further, the failure of these individuals to provide adequate services and content could
result in a disruption to our business operations or an adverse effect on our reputation and may negatively impact our business. At the
same time, if the media, consumers, employees or any third parties raise any concerns about our actions in association with the actions
of another party, this could also damage our reputation and our business. 

If
we are unable to maintain, train and build effective domestic and international sales and marketing infrastructure, we will not be able
to continue to commercialize and grow our brand successfully. 

As
we grow, we may not be able to secure sales personnel or organization that are adequate in number or expertise to successfully market
and sell our brand products on a global scale. If we are unable to expand our sales and marketing capability, train our sales force effectively
or provide any other capabilities as necessary to commercialize our brand internationally, we may need to contract with third parties
to market and sell our brand. If we are unable to establish and maintain compliant and adequate sales and marketing capabilities, we
may not be able to increase our revenue, and may generate increased expenses without the benefit of increased revenue. 

If
we are unable to renew or replace key commercial agreements on similar or better terms, or attract new sponsors, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be negatively affected. 

Our
commercial revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 represented 61 of our total revenue, and for the year ended 2021, our commercial
revenue represented 47 of our total revenue. Our commercial revenue is generated from agreements with our sponsors, and these agreements
have finite terms. When these contracts expire, we may not be able to renew or replace them with contracts on similar or better terms
or at all. A delay or failure to renew or replace sponsorship agreements or other commercial agreements on similar or better terms could
result in a reduction in our commercial revenue. Such a reduction could have a negative effect on our overall revenue and our ability
to continue to compete in our industry if we do not engage in other sponsorship arrangements. For future periods, no single sponsorship
agreement is expected to represent ten percent or more of our total revenue. As part of our business plan, we intend to grow our commercial
portfolio by continuing to add new sponsors. We may not be able to successfully execute this plan and our efforts to otherwise promote
our brand to attract new sponsors may fail to do so, which could negatively affect our ability to achieve our goals, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally,
if we are unable to renew or replace certain key contracts on similar or more favorable terms as they expire or otherwise terminate,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

17 

Negotiation
and pricing of key media contracts are outside our control and those contracts may change in the future. 

Our
Esports teams participate in events hosted by the relevant leagues in which our teams participate. We are not a party to the broadcast
and other relevant media contracts to which these leagues enter, and we do not have control over their terms or conditions. We rely on
the streaming and broadcast of events in which our Esports teams participate to promote our brand and help retain existing and attract
new fans and consumers, and if the media contracts related to the availability of some or all of the events in which our Esports teams
participate are terminated or otherwise changed, our business may suffer. 

The
effect of uncertainties related to the global COVID-19 pandemic on U.S. and global economies, including delays in live events returning,
has impacted and may in the future continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures, federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities have
in the past imposed protocols and restrictions intended to contain the spread of the virus, including limitations on the size of gatherings,
mandated closure of work facilities, schools and businesses, quarantines, lockdowns and travel restrictions. In addition, we have established,
and will continue to maintain protocols to promote the health and safety of our workforce and business associates. Substantially all
of our office locations, including our headquarters in Los Angeles, California, are now open for employees, but we will continue to limit
onsite access to the extent required by applicable state and local regulations and best practices in the industry. 

The
extent of any continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted, including
the impact on our employees, consumers, brand partners, Esports professionals, content creators and influencers. For example, on May
11, 2022, we paused production on our newest competition series, FaZe 1, due to an outbreak of COVID-19, in accordance with FaZe s
and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention s CDC health and safety guidelines. Although production resumed
on May 22, 2022 and the winner was announced on May 26, 2022, there may be similar impacts on our business in the future. If we are not
able to flexibly respond and manage the ongoing impact of these and other currently known impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic, our
business could be harmed. 

We
could be adversely affected by a decline in discretionary consumer spending or consumer confidence including any unfavorable impacts
from Federal Reserve interest rate actions and inflation, which may influence discretionary spending, unemployment or the overall economy. 

Our success
depends to a significant extent on discretionary spending from consumers and corporate sponsors. Some of the factors that may influence
consumer spending on entertainment and recreational activities include general economic conditions, the availability of discretionary
income, consumer confidence, high interest rates, domestic and global supply chain issues, high levels of unemployment, pandemics, higher
consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on market declines and uncertainty, the housing market, fluctuating foreign currency
exchange rates and credit availability, government measures, inflationary pressure, tax rates and general uncertainty regarding the overall
future economic environment, including recessionary concerns. During 2022, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates seven times in response
to concerns about inflation. The Federal Reserve also raised interest rates in February and March 2023 and it may raise them again. Higher
interest rates and volatility in financial markets may increase economic uncertainty and negatively affect consumer spending, corporate
sponsorship and advertising spend. 

The demand
for recreational and discretionary activities generally is highly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact
on discretionary spending. Any actual or perceived deterioration or weakness in general, regional or local economic conditions may reduce
our customers and corporate sponsors discretionary income or willingness to spend on our products and offerings. 

An
increase in general price levels (due to inflationary pressure, domestic and global supply chain issues or other macroeconomic factors)
could also result in a shift in consumer demand away from discretionary spending, which would adversely affect our consumers spending
patterns and, at the same time, increase our operating costs. We may not be able to adequately increase our prices over time at price
points that consumers are willing to pay to offset such increased costs. 

18 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Events
involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional
counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors
about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems.
Most recently, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023,
Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although we assess our banking and customer relationships
as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or
capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial
services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures,
the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability
in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the
financial services industry. 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available
funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses,
financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our contractual obligations or result in violations of
federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related
or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

We
may be unable to effectively manage the continued growth and the scope and complexity of our business, including our expansion into adjacent
industries or potential business opportunities with well-established competitors. 

We
have experienced significant growth in the scope and complexity of our business, including through development of our Esports and consumer
products businesses. Our future depends, in part, on our ability to manage this expanded business and our aspirations for continued expansion
and growth. We have dedicated resources both to new business models that are largely untested and to adjacent potential business opportunities
in which very large competitors have an established presence, as is the case with our sponsorship and consumer products businesses. For
example, we are monitoring and evaluating emerging growth opportunities and believe certain potential opportunities, such as digital
goods, are growing more rapidly than expected, which may accelerate the timeline of our investment in these growth opportunities as early
as 2023. Investment in emerging opportunities comes with significant execution risk and may include direct costs relating to launching
a new product or service, hiring employees, signing talent and/or increases in marketing events and expense. We do not know to what extent
our future expansions and investment in new businesses, if any, will be successful. Further, even if successful, our aspirations for
growth in our core businesses and adjacent businesses could create significant challenges for our management, operational and financial
resources. If not managed effectively, this growth could result in the over-extension of our operating infrastructure, and our management
systems, information technology systems, and internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support this growth. Failure by
these new business or failure to adequately manage our growth in any of these ways may cause damage to our brand, result in total loss
of our investments or otherwise negatively impact our core business. Further, the success of these businesses is largely contingent on
the success of our underlying brand and as such, a decline in the popularity of our brand may impact the success of these businesses. 

Our
failure to raise additional capital or generate cash flows necessary to expand our operations and invest in the future could reduce our
ability to compete successfully and adversely affect our results of operations. 

We may need
to raise additional funds, and we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms or at all. If we raise
additional equity financing, you may experience significant dilution of your ownership interests. If we raise additional debt financing,
we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, force us to maintain specified liquidity
or other ratios or restrict our ability to pay dividends or make acquisitions. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable
terms, or at all, we may not be able to, among other things: 

invest
 in our business and continue to grow our brand and expand our fan base; 

hire and retain employees,
 including Esports professionals, influences, and content creators as well as other employees and staff, including engineers, operations
 personnel, financial and accounting staff, and sales and marketing staff; 

respond
 to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements; or 

pursue opportunities for acquisitions
 of, investments in, or strategic alliances and joint ventures with complementary businesses. 

19 

We may invest in or acquire other businesses, or engage in strategic
disposition, and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate an acquired business into our company, fail to realize
the anticipated benefits from a disposition, or otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions. 

From time to time, we may acquire, make investments in, or enter into
strategic alliances and joint ventures with, complementary businesses, or engage in strategic dispositions. These transactions may involve
significant risks and uncertainties, including: 

In the case
of an acquisition: 

The potential
 for the acquired business to underperform relative to our expectations and the acquisition price; 

The potential for the acquired
 business to cause our financial results to differ from expectations in any given period, or over the longer-term; 

Unexpected tax consequences
 from the acquisition, or the tax treatment of the acquired business s operations going forward, giving rise to incremental
 tax liabilities that are difficult to predict; 

Difficulty
 in integrating the acquired business, its operations, and its employees in an efficient and effective manner; 

Any unknown
 liabilities or internal control deficiencies assumed as part of the acquisition; and 

The potential loss of key employees
 of the acquired businesses. 

In the case
of an investment, alliance, joint venture, or other partnership: 

Our ability
 to cooperate with our co-venturer; 

Our co-venturer
 having economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours; and 

The potential that our co-venturer
 may be unable to meet is economic or other obligations, which may require us to fulfill those obligations alone or find a suitable
 replacement. 

In the case of a disposition: 

Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from a dispositions; 

Potential third-party claims arising out of a disposition; 

Security risks and other liabilities related to any transition services provided in connection with a disposition; and 

Unexpected tax consequences associated with a disposition. 

Any such
transaction may involve the risk that our senior management s attention will be excessively diverted from our other operations,
the risk that our industry does not evolve as anticipate, and that any intellectual property or personnel skills acquired do not prove
to be those needed for our future success, and the risk that our strategic objectives, cost savings or other anticipate benefits are
otherwise not achieved. 

We
have a global retail business and are subject to the risks and uncertainties of conducting business outside the U.S. While international
expansion is one of our growth objectives, we may not be able to materialize on available acquisition opportunities, or guarantee that
we will successfully integrate those acquisitions, if any, into our existing business. 

We
conduct business internationally, and we derive a substantial amount of our retail revenue from the U.S., and some of our retail revenue
from outside the U.S. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a portion of our retail revenue and that sales
in emerging markets globally will continue to be a part of our international sales strategy. As such, we are, and may be increasingly,
subject to risks inherent in foreign trade generally, as well as risks inherent in doing business in non-U.S. markets, including increased
tariffs and duties, compliance with economic sanctions, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, shipping delays, increases in transportation
and shipping costs, international political, regulatory and economic developments, unexpected changes to laws, regulatory requirements,
and enforcement on us and our platform providers and differing local business practices, all of which may impact us or make it more difficult
for us to conduct business in foreign markets. 

A
deterioration in relations between either us or the U.S. and any country in which we have significant sales, or the implementation of
government regulations in the U.S. or such a country, could result in the adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, including economic
sanctions or absolute prohibitions, that could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, cultural differences may affect consumer
preferences and limit the international popularity of FaZe in certain areas or require us to modify the products and content we offer
or the method by which we deliver our content to our consumers in order to be successful in those areas. If we do not correctly assess
consumer preferences in the countries in which we sell our products and offer our entertainment content, the success of our international
operations will be negatively impacted. 

We
are also subject to risks that our operations outside the U.S. could be conducted by our employees, contractors, third-party affiliates,
representatives, or agents in ways that violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act or other similar anti-bribery
or financial crime laws. While we have policies, procedures, and training for our employees, intended to secure compliance with these
laws, our employees, contractors, third-party affiliates, representatives or agents may take actions that violate our policies. Moreover,
it may be more difficult to oversee the conduct of any such persons who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk
from their actions. 

20 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates may negatively affect our results of operations. 

While
we currently price our products in U.S. dollars, even in international markets, we may become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations
in currency exchange rates as we continue to expand our international reach. We generally collect revenue from our international markets
in U.S. currency. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021, we had consumers in over 100 countries
and approximately 25.5 and 9.5 of our merchandise revenue was derived from outside the U.S., respectively. Rapid appreciation of the
U.S. dollar against foreign currencies can harm our reported results and cause the revenues derived from outside the U.S. and Canada
to decrease. In addition, even if we do adjust the cost of our products in foreign markets to track appreciation in the U.S. dollar,
such appreciation could increase the costs of purchasing our products outside of the U.S., adversely affecting our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

As
we continue to expand, we may also incur expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at non-U.S. locations in the
local currency should we establish a local presence in international regions. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar
and other currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of our expenses being higher which may not be offset by additional revenue
earned in the local currency. This could have a negative impact on our reported results of operations. To date, we have not engaged in
any hedging strategies and any such strategies, such as forward contracts, options and foreign exchange swaps related to transaction
exposures that we may implement in the future to mitigate this risk may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations.
Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 

A
cybersecurity-related attack, significant data breach, or disruption of the information technology systems or networks on which we rely
could negatively impact our business. 

In the course
of our day-to-day business, we and third parties on our behalf create, store, and/or use commercially sensitive information, including
internal communications and confidential information with respect to our sponsors, talent, consumers, and employees. A malicious cybersecurity-related
attack, intrusion or disruption by hackers (including through spyware, ransomware, viruses, phishing, denial of service, and similar
attacks) or other breach of the systems on which such information and other sensitive data is stored could lead to piracy of our content,
fraudulent activity, disclosure, or misappropriation of, or access to, our sponsors , talents , consumers , or employees 
information, or our own data. We have implemented cybersecurity programs and the tools, technologies, processes, and procedures intended
to secure our data and systems, and prevent and detect unauthorized access to, or loss of, our data, or the data of our sponsors, talent,
consumers, or employees. 

However,
because these cyberattacks may remain undetected for prolonged periods of time and the techniques used by criminal hackers and other
malicious third parties to breach systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or otherwise be successful
in preventing or responding to cyberattacks. If we are subject to a cybersecurity breach, or a security-related incident, we may have
a disruption in the availability of our products and content offerings, we may have a loss in sales or be forced to pay damages or incur
other costs, including from the implementation of additional cyber and physical security measures, or suffer reputational damage that
could have a negative impact on our operations and financial results. 

Additionally,
although we maintain insurance policies, they may be insufficient to reimburse us for all losses or all types of claims that may be caused
by cyberbreaches or other system or network disruptions, and it is uncertain whether we will be able to maintain our current level of
coverage in the future. Moreover, if there were a public perception that our data protection measures are inadequate, whether or not
the case, it could result in reputational damage and potential harm to our business relationships or the public perception of us and
our business. In addition, such cybersecurity breaches may subject us to legal claims or proceedings, like individual claims and regulatory
investigations and actions, including fines, especially if there is loss, disclosure, or misappropriation of, or access to, our consumers 
personal information or other sensitive information, or there is otherwise an intrusion into our consumers privacy. 

21 

Risks
Related to Our People 

Our
success will depend on our ability to attract and retain our personnel, and any failure to attract and retain other highly qualified
personnel in the future could seriously harm our business. 

We
currently depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel, including Lee Trink. The employment of Mr. Trink and
of our other key personnel is at will, which means they may resign or be terminated for any reason at any time. Our success will depend
on our ability to retain our current senior management and to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. The inability to
retain key personnel or to adequately and timely fill the vacancies in key personnel positions that arise in the future could have a
material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

In
addition, it is important to our business to attract and retain highly talented personnel, particularly Esports personnel and content
creators. As we grow our business, we may have difficulties in attracting and retaining skilled personnel or may incur significant costs
to do so. Our success depends significantly on our ability to identify, attract, hire, retain, motivate and utilize the abilities of
qualified personnel, particularly personnel with the specialized skills needed to create the high-quality, well-received content upon
which our business is substantially dependent. Our industry is generally characterized by a high level of employee mobility, competitive
compensation programs, and aggressive recruiting among competitors for employees with technical, marketing, sales, engineering, product
development, creative, and/or management skills. The incentives provided by our securities, or by other compensation and benefits arrangements,
may not be effective to attract and retain employees. We may also be required to enhance wages, benefits and non-equity incentives. If
we are unable to meet employees and potential employees expectations, we may experience difficulties attracting and retaining
personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel or the financial resources required to do so increase,
we may not be able to meet our business objectives, and our business, revenue and financial results could be harmed. 

Our
workforce and operations have grown substantially since our inception and we expect that they will continue to do so. If we are unable
to effectively manage that growth, our financial performance and future prospects will be adversely affected. 

As our operations
have expanded, we have grown from 47 employees as of December 31, 2019 to 105 employees in the U.S. and abroad as of December 31, 2021,
and 112 employees in the U.S. and abroad as of December 31, 2022. In an effort to become a more cost-effective company, following our
February 16, 2023 announcement, we reduced our workforce by 20 , which also included streamlining our team structure in support of our
business priorities. However, in the long-term, we expect our total number of employees to increase as we continue to expand. Properly
managing our growth will require us to hire, train and manage qualified employees and staff, including engineers, operations personnel,
financial and accounting staff, and sales and marketing staff. If our new hires perform poorly, if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training,
managing and integrating these new employees and staff, or if we are not successful in retaining our existing employees and staff, our
business may be harmed. Properly managing our growth will require us to establish consistent policies across regions, functions and segments
of our business, and a failure to do so could harm our business. 

22 

An
increase in the relative size of Esports and content creator salaries or talent acquisition costs could negatively impact our business. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain the highest quality of Esports professionals and content creators. As a
result, we are obliged to pay salaries generally comparable to our main competitors in our industry. Any increase in salaries may adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Other factors that affect salaries, such as changes in personal tax
rates, changes to the treatment of income or other changes to taxation in the U.S. or other relative jurisdiction and the relative strength
of the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to attract top Esports professionals and content creators or require us to pay higher salaries
to compensate for higher taxes or less favorable exchange rates. In addition, if our revenue falls and salaries remain stable or increase,
our results of operations could be adversely affected. An increase in talent acquisition fees would require us to pay more than expected
for the acquisition of talent in the future. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

The
success of our business is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the entertainment products
and services we create. 

The
value of our intellectual property is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable intellectual property
laws in the United States and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed and enforced. If those laws are drafted or interpreted
in ways that limit the extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual
property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. 

The
unauthorized use of our content and intellectual property, including through the unauthorized sale of our merchandise, may result in
an increase in the resources we devote to policing and enforcing our rights, which could reduce our revenues. Inadequate laws or weak
enforcement mechanisms to protect against unauthorized use of intellectual property in one jurisdiction can adversely affect our operations
globally, despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights. The growing trend of unauthorized use of intellectual property
in the entertainment industry requires us to devote substantial resources to protecting our rights against unlicensed use and may result
in increased losses of revenue as a result of such unauthorized use. 

Intellectual
property rights we develop and license from others are subject to challenge by third parties. Successful challenges to our rights in
intellectual property may result in increased costs to obtain rights to use such intellectual property or the loss of the opportunity
to earn revenue from the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights. We are not aware of any current challenges to
our intellectual property rights that would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on our business or operations. 

We
may be unable to maintain or acquire licenses to incorporate intellectual property owned by others in our entertainment offerings. 

Many
of our content offerings incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, we do not own the intellectual property associated
with the content created by our talent network. Relatedly, content that we distribute across various platforms incorporates imagery of
our talent (i.e., personal rights of publicity) and other third parties. 

Additionally,
our content offerings incorporate video game intellectual property owned by third parties. While the current media landscape permits
such intellectual property to be incorporated on platforms such as YouTube and Twitch, exhibition of such content on other platforms,
such as traditional media television or subscription video on demand platforms, may require additional licensing that may be difficult
or costly to obtain. Further, certain platforms permit integrating music into our content, but if such platforms policies relating
to music rights changes, that could impact our content on such platforms. Similarly, if the platforms on which content is distributed,
redistributed and/or embedded change their policies relating to how content exhibited or published on the platform can be used, it could
impact our ability to develop, distribute and exhibit engaging content and negatively impact our operations. If we are unable to maintain
these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our ability to develop successful
and engaging content may be adversely affected and our operations may be negatively impacted. 

Further,
many of our collaborations on merchandise and other offerings incorporate intellectual property owned by others. Competition for these
licenses has increased, and may continue to increase, the amounts that we must pay to licensors and developers, through, for example,
higher minimum guarantees or royalty rates on our merchandise collaborations, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce
our profitability. 

If
we fail to maintain, protect, or enforce our intellectual property rights, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be
diminished, and our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be negatively impacted. 

23 

The
success of our business is dependent in part on protecting our intellectual property rights and proprietary information and data. We
rely on a combination of copyright protection, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secret protection and contractual restrictions
to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. However, there are steps that we have not yet taken to protect our intellectual
property on a global basis, including continuing to expand the scope of goods and services that are protected under our currently registered
trademarks as our offerings expand. Additionally, while we have registered trademarks in principal countries throughout the world, there
are additional countries for which trademark protection could be expanded. Relatedly, there are secondary marks and logos for which trademark
protection could be protected as well. Although our content is such that it does not in all cases lend itself to warranting copyright
registrations, copyright registrations could be sought for content that is likely to be infringed. Additionally, the steps that we have
taken to protect our intellectual property may not be sufficient or effective to prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating,
or otherwise violating our intellectual property or to prevent unauthorized disclosure or use of our trade secrets or other confidential
information, and we regularly become aware of infringements of our intellectual property rights. While we do engage brand protection
and trademark vigilance watch services, intellectual property infringement continues to arise. For example, we become aware of infringing
merchandise and apparel sold across various online international marketplace platforms. While we do submit take down requests, new infringing
materials continue to be listed on such platforms. Similarly, we often become aware of infringing trademark filings that we monitor.
We may not detect unauthorized use, disclosure, infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our confidential information or
intellectual property rights, and if detected, we may be required to engage in expensive and time-consuming litigation to enforce or
maintain our rights. 

While
we take precautions designed to protect our intellectual property, our competitors or other unauthorized third parties may still copy
and use our proprietary brand, content, and information. Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult
to maintain, both in terms of application and registration costs, as well as with respect to defending and enforcing these rights. We
may fail to maintain or be unable to obtain adequate protections for certain of our intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions
either because effective intellectual property protection may not be available in each jurisdiction in which our offerings are available
or because our intellectual property rights may not receive the same degree of protection in foreign jurisdictions as they would in the
United States given the differences in intellectual property laws. 

We have filed,
and may continue to file, trademark applications to protect certain of our intellectual property. This process can be expensive and time-consuming,
and we cannot guarantee whether any of our applications will result in the issuance or registration of a trademark. In addition, we may
not enjoy a competitive advantage from the rights granted in our intellectual property. Our existing intellectual property, and any intellectual
property rights granted to us or that we otherwise acquire or develop in the future, may be contested, circumvented, invalidated, or
declared unenforceable through administrative processes or litigation, and we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing,
misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. Therefore, the effect of our efforts to protect our intellectual
property cannot be accurately predicted, and unexpected factors may decrease the effectiveness of our efforts. In addition, we are often
generating content but have not filed copyright registrations in connection with such content, for various reasons. For example, some
content is not proprietary to us, or other content may not be long lasting, and, therefore, we do not file for copyright registration
given the costs and effort associated with filing copyrights and the volume of content involved in the business. Further, given the costs,
effort and risks of obtaining patent protection, including the requirement to publicly disclose the invention, we may not choose to seek
patent protection for certain innovations. Failure to adequately obtain patent protection, or other intellectual property protection,
could adversely impact our business, operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We
hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Faze.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation
and brand and make it more difficult for consumers to find our website, YouTube and Twitch channels, and our social media pages. We may
be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of
our trademarks and other proprietary rights without significant cost if at all. 

We
may be required to expend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, and some violations may be difficult
or impossible to detect. Litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting
to our management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property rights. Our efforts to enforce
our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of
our intellectual property rights. Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use could impair
or delay the day-to-day operations of our business or otherwise harm our business, operations, reputation, and financial condition. In
addition, we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new offerings, which may not be
on commercially reasonable terms or at all and could adversely affect our ability to compete. 

Although
we take measures to protect our intellectual property, if we are unable to prevent the unauthorized use or exploitation of our intellectual
property, the value of our brand, content, and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to compete with us
more effectively, our reputation and the perception of our business may be harmed, and our ability to attract new employees, talent,
and sponsors may be adversely affected. Any inability or failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely impact our business,
operations, financial condition, reputation, and prospects. 

Our
commercial success is also dependent in part on our ability to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the
intellectual property rights of others. We may face allegations that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated the intellectual
property rights of third parties, including our competitors. We may also be subject to claims that our employees, consultants, or other
advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers or claims asserting ownership of what we regard
as our intellectual property. Intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the results are unpredictable. As
the result of any court judgment or settlement, we may be obligated to modify our products and content offerings in a particular geographic
region or worldwide, pay significant royalties, settlement costs or damages, or modify our platform and features. Should we obtain a
license to enable our continued use of any intellectual property as a result of any such litigation or settlement agreement, it could
be non-exclusive, potentially allowing our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies or other intellectual
property licensed to us. The time and resources necessary to resolve intellectual property disputes could harm our business, operations,
financial condition, and reputation. 

24 

Risks
Related to Our Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Matters 

We
are involved, and in the future may become involved, in claims, suits, and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.
The outcomes of any such current or future legal proceedings could have a negative impact on our business. 

From time
to time we are involved, and in the future may become involved, in claims, suits and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of our business, including, but not limited to, actions with respect to intellectual property, consumer protection, data privacy and
protection, labor and employment, commercial and acquisition-related claims, taxation and law enforcement matters. Such claims, suits,
government investigations, and other proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless
of their outcomes, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and other
personnel s attention, and other factors. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in liability,
penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees, or other orders preventing us from offering certain aspects of our business,
or requiring a change in our business practices, products, or technologies, which could in the future materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and future prospects. 

Continued
volatility in the share price of our Common Stock or other reasons may in the future cause us to become the target of securities litigation
or shareholder activism. Securities litigation and shareholder activism, including potential proxy contests, could result in substantial
costs and divert management s and the FaZe Board s attention and resources from our business. Additionally, such securities
litigation and shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with
fans and customers, and make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant
legal fees and other expenses related to any securities litigation and activist shareholder matters. Further, our share price could be
subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any securities litigation
and shareholder activism. 

Governmental
agencies may restrict access to platforms, our website and social media channels, mobile applications or the internet generally, which
could lead to the loss or slower growth of our consumer base. 

Governmental
agencies in any of the countries in which we, our consumers, developers, or creators are located could block access to or require a license
for our platform, our website, application stores or the internet generally for a number of reasons, including security, privacy, data
protection, confidentiality, or regulatory concerns which may include, among other things, governmental restrictions on certain content
in a particular country and a requirement that user information be stored on servers in a country within which we operate. Governmental
agencies could issue fines or penalties if there are instances where we are found not have been in compliance with regulations in any
applicable areas, or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility or usability of our platform, content, goods or services
in that jurisdiction for a period of time or indefinitely. In addition, some jurisdictions have enacted laws that allow websites to be
blocked for hosting certain types of content or may require websites to remove certain restricted content. Consumers generally need to
access the internet, including in geographically diverse areas, as well as to social media networks and online streaming websites, to
engage with our content. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of our industry will increase and we will be required to devote legal
and other resources to addressing such regulation. If that happens, we may become subject to additional regulation and oversight, including
capital requirements or other licensing requirements, which could significantly increase our operating costs and adversely impact our
results of operations. Moreover, if governmental or other entities block, limit or otherwise restrict access to or engagement with our
platform or the internet generally, the growth of our industry may be impeded, our business could be negatively impacted, we could be
subject to additional fines and penalties, our brand and reputation could be negatively impacted, and our results of operations may be
adversely affected. 

Our
business, content and products, as well as the services of third-parties upon which we rely, may in the future be subject to increasing
regulation around the world. If we or they do not successfully respond and adapt to these potential regulations, our business could be
negatively impacted. 

25 

Our
industry continues to evolve, and new and innovative business opportunities are often subject to new laws and regulations. Although our
business is not heavily regulated now, we may in the future be subject to new and developing laws or regulations or evolving interpretations
and application of existing laws and regulations with respect to talent management, intellectual property, consumer protection, protection
of minors, screen time, accessibility, data privacy and protection, labor and employment, business models, payments, distribution, competition
and taxation, among others. 

In
addition, the growth and development of electronic commerce and digital assets, and associated calls for increased regulation thereof,
may result in the application of existing laws or regulations to us or the promulgation of new laws and regulations that may apply to
us. Any changes to existing laws or promulgation of new laws that restrict our content, marketing, business model or sales of our products
in countries in which we currently, or may in the future, do business could increase our costs and expenses of complying with such laws
and regulations and may harm the sale of our products, our brand and reputation, as well as our results of operations, any of which may
negatively impact our business. 

If
we are required to reclassify independent contractors as employees, we may incur additional costs and taxes which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
are particularly sensitive to changes in worker classification laws, specifically, those that may require us to reclassify certain of
our service providers from independent contractors to employees, and other changes to state and local laws and regulations relating to
the definition and/or classification of independent contractors. Laws and regulations that govern the status and classification of independent
contractors are subject to changes and divergent interpretations by various authorities, which can create uncertainty and unpredictability
for us. For example, California passed a worker classification statute AB 5 ), which effectively narrowed the definition
of an independent contractor by requiring hiring entities to use a stricter test to determine a given worker s classification.
In addition, AB 5 places the burden of proof for classifying workers as independent contractors on hiring entities and provides enforcement
powers to the state and certain cities. Legislative proposals concerning worker classification are being considered by various other
states, including New York and New Jersey. Since we currently treat certain of our service providers as independent contractors, we do
not withhold federal, state and local income or other employment related taxes, make federal or state unemployment tax or Federal Insurance
Contributions Act payments or provide workers compensation insurance with respect to such individuals. If we are required as the
result of new laws to reclassify these individuals as employees, we could be exposed to various liabilities and additional costs, including
exposure (for prior and future periods) under federal, state and local tax laws, wage and hour laws and requirements (such as those pertaining
to failure to pay minimum wage and overtime, or to provide required breaks and wage statements), expense reimbursement, workers 
compensation, unemployment and other employee benefits, labor, and employment laws, as well as potential liability for penalties and
interest, statutory and punitive damages (including related to the California Private Attorneys General Act), and government fines, any
or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally,
any requirement to reclassify independent contractors as employees may require us to significantly alter our existing business model
or operations, including suspending or ceasing operations in impacted jurisdictions, increase our costs and impact our ability to add
new talent and grow our business. For instance, existing talent may decide not to partner with us and new talent may not join given the
loss of flexibility under an employment model. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations and our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. 

Our
insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims. 

We believe
that we maintain insurance customary for businesses of our size and type. However, there are types of losses we may incur that cannot
be insured against or that we believe are not economically reasonable to insure. We do not maintain key man insurance policies
on any of our officers or employees. Moreover, any loss incurred could exceed policy limits and policy payments made to us may not be
made on a timely basis. Such losses could adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
collect and process information about our customers and are subject to various privacy and consumer protection laws. 

We
collect certain information from individuals that register with our website, use our services or purchase products offered through our
website, sign up for our mailing list or otherwise provide us with contact information. 

26 

A
wide variety of state, national, and international laws as well as regulations and industry standards apply to the collection, use, retention,
protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information and other information. Additionally, laws, regulations,
and standards covering marketing and advertising activities conducted by telephone, email, mobile devices, and the internet, may be applicable
to our business, such as the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (as implemented by the Telemarketing Sales Rule), the Controlling the
Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, and similar state and foreign consumer protection laws. Evolving and changing
data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations may inhibit our ability to collect information from our customers or website
visitors and market our products or services, or otherwise communicate directly, with our consumers. Any failure to comply with applicable
laws, directives, and regulations may result in private claims or enforcement actions against us, including liabilities, fines and damage
to our reputation, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations or industry practices regarding the use or disclosure of our consumers 
data, or regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of consumers for the use and disclosure of such data is obtained or
in how these applicable laws, regulations or industry practices are interpreted and enforced by state, federal and international privacy
regulators could require us to modify our services and features, possibly in a material and costly manner, may subject us to legal
claims, regulatory enforcement actions and fines, and may limit our ability to develop new services and features that make use of the
data that our consumers voluntarily share with us. 

We
rely on a variety of marketing techniques and practices, including email and social media marketing, online targeted advertising and
cookie-based processing to sell our products and services and to attract new consumers, and we, and our vendors, are subject to various
data protection laws and obligations that govern marketing and advertising practices. In recent years, United States, European and United
Kingdom lawmakers and regulators have expressed concern over electronic marketing and related tracking technology. We may be subject
to, and required to comply with, a separate and additional legal regime with respect to e-privacy, which may result in substantial costs
and may necessitate changes to our business practices, which in turn may otherwise adversely affect our business, reputation, legal exposures,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Additionally,
some providers of consumer devices, web browsers and mobile app stores have implemented, or announced plans to implement, means to make
it easier for internet users to prevent the placement of cookies or to block other tracking technologies, require additional consents,
or limit the ability to track user activity, which could if widely adopted result in the use of third-party cookies and other methods
of online tracking becoming significantly less effective. Laws and regulations regarding the use of these cookies and other current online
tracking and advertising practices or a loss in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such technologies could increase
our costs of operations and limit our ability to acquire new consumers on cost-effective terms, which, in turn, could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Compliance
with additional laws and regulations could be expensive and may place restrictions on the conduct of our business and the manner in which
we interact with our customers. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in regulatory enforcement actions
against us. For example, our misuse of or failure to secure personal information could result in violation of data privacy laws and regulations,
proceedings against us by governmental entities or others, and/or result in significant liability and damage to our reputation and credibility.
These possibilities, if borne out, could have a negative impact on revenues and profits. If a third party alleges that we have violated
applicable data privacy laws, we could face governmental investigations or enforcement actions, fines, litigation, claims (including
data subject-led class actions) or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and damages as well as reputational
harm among consumers, investors, and strategic partners. While we take measures to protect the security of information that we collect,
use and disclose in the operation of our business, if there is a data breach, there is potential for enforcement actions and fines as
well as claims for damages by consumers whose personal information has been disclosed without authorization. For example, the California
Consumer Privacy Act, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right
of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal data that may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated
with, data breach litigation. Should we experience a data breach or other unauthorized access to or disclosure of personally identifiable
information, our business, operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely impacted. 

Although
we make reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, our interpretations and efforts may have
been or may prove to be insufficient or incorrect. We also generally seek to comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms
of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties. We strive to comply with applicable laws, policies, legal obligations
and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations
may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or
our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations, our privacy
policies, or our privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized
access to or transfer of personal information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or
public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our consumers to lose trust in us, which would have
an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We may also incur significant expenses to comply with privacy, consumer protection
and security standards and controls imposed by laws, regulations, industry standards or contractual obligations. 

27 

Labor
disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As
an employer, we are presently, and may in the future be, subject to various employment-related claims, such as individual or class actions
or government enforcement actions relating to alleged employment discrimination, employee classification and related withholding, wage-hour,
labor standards or healthcare and benefit issues. Any actions in the future brought against us and successful in whole or in part, may
affect our ability to compete or could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
products and brands are subject to intellectual property infringement, including in jurisdictions that do not adequately protect our
brands and intellectual property rights. 

We
regard our brand, products and other intellectual property as proprietary and take measures to protect our assets from infringement.
We are aware that some unauthorized use of our brand and products occurs, and if a significantly greater amount were to occur, it could
negatively impact our business. Further, our offerings are available worldwide and the laws of some countries either do not protect our
products, brands and intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. or are poorly enforced. Legal protection of our
rights may be ineffective in countries with weaker intellectual property enforcement mechanisms. In addition, certain third parties have
registered our intellectual property rights without authorization in foreign countries. Successfully registering such intellectual property
rights could limit or restrict our ability to offer products and services based on such rights in those countries. Although we take steps
to enforce and police our rights, our practices and methodologies may not be effective against all eventualities. 

Risks
Related to Our Tax, Financial and Accounting Matters 

We
have identified a number of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material
weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control, which may result in material misstatements
of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 

As
a public company, we are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which
require our management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management
report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our assessment must include disclosure of any material
weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting, and when we cease to be an emerging growth
company, we will need to provide a statement that our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. In connection with the audit of our financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, we identified a material weakness
in our internal control due to inadequate design of information technology general and application controls resulting from inappropriate
access given to certain individuals including the CFO and Controller. In addition, as required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022. We also identified two material weaknesses in our internal controls and procedures due to
lack of adequate segregation of duties within a significant amount of processes, as well as lack of adequate timely review of accounts
and reconciliations resulting in material audit adjustments and significant post-closing adjustments. 

Our management
is in the process of taking steps to remediate these material weaknesses, including by having segregation of duties and limiting access
privileges. Our management will continue to monitor the effectiveness of our remediation plan once in place and make the necessary changes
it determines to be appropriate. Although we intend to complete this remediation process as quickly as practicable, we cannot at this
time estimate with certainty how long it will take, and our initiatives may not prove to be successful in remediating each of the material
weaknesses. The remediation process may require significant additional time and expense and may divert management s attention from
the operation of our business. Moreover, because of the inherent limitations of any control system, material misstatements due to error
or fraud may not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis, or at all. If we are unable to remediate such material weaknesses,
or if we identify or otherwise experience additional material weaknesses in ongoing or future audits, we may not be able to accurately
record, process, and report our financial condition or results of operations, prevent fraud, or prepare financial statements within the
time periods specified by the forms of the SEC, which, in turn, may adversely affect our reputation and business and the market price
of our Common Stock. In addition, any such failures could result in litigation or regulatory actions by the SEC or other regulatory authorities,
loss of investor confidence, delisting of our securities, and harm to our reputation and financial condition, or diversion of financial
and management resources from the operation of our business. 

Changes
in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could
significantly affect our financial results or financial condition. 

Generally
accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a
wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts,
content asset amortization policy, valuation of our Common Stock, stock-based compensation expense and income taxes, are highly complex
and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. For example, in February 2016 the Financial Accounting Standards Board
issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize right of use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities on our consolidated
balance sheets. We adopted Topic 842 in January 2022 using the optional retrospective transition method. Other companies in our industry
may apply these accounting principles differently than we do, adversely affecting the comparability of our financial statements. In addition,
changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change
or increase volatility of our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition. Refer to Note 3, Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting pronouncements. 

28 

Risks
Related to Our Securities 

We
are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and
if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, it could make our securities
less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance to the performance of other public companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible for and intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, including, but not limited
to, (a) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (b) reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and (c) exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which the market value of shares of Common Stock that are
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of June 30 of that fiscal year, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have
total annual gross revenue of 1.07 billion or more during such fiscal year (as indexed for inflation), (iii) the date on which we have
issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in the prior three-year period or (iv) December 31, 2026, which is the last day of
the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of Class A common stock in BRPM s initial public
offering. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because it will rely on these exemptions. If some
investors find our securities less attractive as a result of its reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may
be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do
not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company
nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We expect that we will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (a) the market
value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates does not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (b) our annual revenues
did not equal or exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates
did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations,
it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

The
Company may not meet the listing requirements of the Nasdaq markets which could cause our stock to be delisted. 

To maintain
the listing of our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements
and standards, including those related to the price of our common stock. Pursuant to the requirements of Nasdaq, if the closing bid price
of a company s stock falls below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days (the Bid Price Rule ), Nasdaq will
notify the company that it is no longer in compliance with the Nasdaq listing qualifications. If a company is not in compliance with
the Bid Price Rule, the company will have 180 calendar days to regain compliance. On Ma rch 23,
2023, the Company received notice from Nasdaq that it was no longer in compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

In accordance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until September 19,
2023 (the Compliance Date ), by which the Company has to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To regain
compliance, the closing bid price of the Common Stock must meet or exceed 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days
at any time prior to the Compliance Date, unless the Nasdaq staff exercises its discretion to extend this ten-day period pursuant to
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(H). 

If the Company
does not regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement by the Compliance Date, the Company may be eligible for an additional
180-calendar day compliance period. If the Company does not qualify for, or fails to regain compliance during, the second compliance
period, then the Nasdaq staff will provide written notification to the Company that the Common Stock will be subject to delisting. At
that time, the Company may appeal the Nasdaq staff s delisting determination to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

There can
be no assurance that the Company will regain and maintain compliance with the Bid Price Rule and the other listing requirements of the
Nasdaq, or that it will not be delisted. If we are not able stay in compliance with the relevant Nasdaq Bid Price Rule, there is a risk
that our common stock may be delisted from Nasdaq, which would adversely impact liquidity of our common stock and potentially result
in even lower bid process for our common stock. 

29 

Our
stock price has been, and may continue to be, volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance. 

The
market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors and may continue to fluctuate for these
and other reasons, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations; 

failure
 of securities analysts to maintain coverage of the Company, changes in financial estimates
 or ratings by any securities analysts who follow us or our failure to meet these estimates
 or the expectations of investors; 

announcements
 by the Company or its competitors of significant technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic
 partnerships, joint ventures, corporate restructurings, results of operations or capital
 commitments; 

changes
 in operating performance and stock market valuations of other retail or technology companies
 generally, or those in the digital media and eSports industry in particular; 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the
 economy as a whole; 

trading
 volume of our Common Stock; 

the
 inclusion, exclusion or removal of our Common Stock from any indices; 

changes
 in the FaZe Board or management or the departure of other key persons; 

transactions
 in our Common Stock by directors, officers, affiliates and other major investors; or the
 perception that such persons intend to sell their securities; 

lawsuits
 threatened or filed against us; 

changes
 in laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of debt or equity securities; 

short
 sales, hedging and other derivative transactions involving our capital stock; 

general
 economic conditions in the United States; 

pandemics
 or other public health crises, including, but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic (including
 additional variants); 

other
 events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses
 to these events; and 

the
 other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

The stock
market has recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. The market prices of securities of companies have experienced
fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to their operating results. In the past, stockholders have sometimes
instituted securities class action litigation against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities.
Any similar litigation against us could result in substantial costs, divert management s attention and resources, and harm our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

30 

An
active trading market for our Common Stock may not be sustained. 

We
have listed our Common Stock and Warrants on Nasdaq under the symbols FAZE and FAZEW, respectively. We cannot
assure you that an active trading market for our Common Stock will be sustained. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of
any trading market, your ability to sell your shares of our Common Stock when desired or the prices that you may obtain for your shares. 

The
sale of substantial amounts of our securities in the public market (including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our
Warrants), or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause our stock price to decline, and the sale of substantial amounts of
our securities in the public market (including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our Warrants), or the perception
that such sales may occur, could cause our stock price to decline the sale of substantial amounts of our securities in the public market
(including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our Warrants), or the perception that holders of a large number of securities
intend to sell their securities, has caused in the past, and could cause in the future, the market price of our Common Stock and Warrants
to decline. 

Each of the
Founder Shares are subject to certain restrictions on transfer until the termination of the applicable lock-up period. Further, the 5,312,098
shares of Common Stock issued to Legacy FaZe securityholders as earnout consideration and 50 of the Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture
if certain price-based vesting conditions are not met during the five-year period beginning on the date that is 90 days after the Closing
and ending on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date. However, once such resale restrictions end and such shares are vested, the market
price of our Common Stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending
to sell them. Lock-up restrictions with respect to shares of Common Stock issued as consideration in the Business Combination expired
in January 2023. In addition, the shares of Common Stock held by the PIPE Investors were not subject to lock-up restrictions. As such,
sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. 

Furthermore,
as previously disclosed, the Sponsor, the pre-Business Combination FaZe securityholders and the PIPE Investors may earn a positive rate
of return on their investment even if other holders of Common Stock experience a negative rate of return. As a result, the holders of
the Founder Shares, shares issued in connection with units purchased in BRPM s IPO, pre-Business Combination holders and PIPE Investors
may be incentivized to sell such securities when others are not. 

If
our existing stockholders sell or indicate an intention to sell substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, the trading
price of our Common Stock could decline. In addition, shares underlying any outstanding options will become eligible for sale if exercised,
and to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting agreements and Rule 144 of the Securities Act. All the shares of Common
Stock subject to stock options outstanding and reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans were registered on Form S-8 under
the Securities Act, and such shares are eligible for sale in the public markets, subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates.
If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold in the public market, the trading price of our Common
Stock could decline. 

31 

If
securities or industry analysts either do not publish research about the Company or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about
us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our Common Stock adversely, the trading price or trading
volume of our Common Stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our Common Stock is influenced in part by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish
about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts initiate research with an unfavorable rating or
downgrade our Common Stock, provide a more favorable recommendation about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research
about our business, the trading price of our Common Stock would likely decline. In addition, we currently expect that securities research
analysts will establish and publish their own periodic projections for our business. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately
predict the results the Company actually achieves. Our stock price may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of
these securities research analysts. While we expect research analyst coverage, if no analysts commence coverage of the Company, the trading
price and volume for our Common Stock could be adversely affected. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of the Company
or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the trading
price or trading volume of our Common Stock to decline. 

Delaware
law and provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby
depressing the trading price of our Common Stock. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could depress the trading price of our Common Stock by acting to discourage,
delay, or prevent a change of control of the Company or changes in our management that our stockholders may deem advantageous. These
provisions include the following: 

a
 classified board of directors so that not all members of the FaZe Board are elected at one
 time; 

the
 right of the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies
 and newly created directorships; 

director
 removal solely for cause; 

blank
 check preferred stock that the FaZe Board could use to implement a stockholder rights
 plan; 

the
 right of the FaZe Board to issue our authorized but unissued Common Stock and preferred stock
 without stockholder approval; 

no
 ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

no
 right of our stockholders to act by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions
 to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

limitations
 on the liability of, and the provision of indemnification to, our director and officers; 

the
 right of the board of directors to make, alter, or repeal the Bylaws; and 

advance
 notice requirements for nominations for election to the FaZe Board or for proposing matters
 that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 

Any
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit
the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock, and could also affect the price that
some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. 

The
Bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between
the Company and its stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes
with the Company or its directors, officers or employees. 

The Bylaws
provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on
our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against the Company arising pursuant to the
Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, the Charter or Bylaws or any action asserting a claim against the
Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to
bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees
and may discourage these types of lawsuits. This provision would not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by
the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The Bylaws provide further that, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides that federal and state
courts have concurrent jurisdiction over lawsuits brought under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. To the extent
the exclusive forum provision restricts the courts in which claims arising under the Securities Act may be brought, there is uncertainty
as to whether a court would enforce such a provision. We note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies 
certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions
to be inapplicable or unenforceable. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid,
a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there
can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find the exclusive-forum
provision contained in the Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm its business. 

32 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of its business and we do not expect to declare
or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Moreover, the terms of any revolving credit facility into which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries enters may restrict its ability to pay dividends, and any additional debt we or any of our subsidiaries may incur in
the future may include similar restrictions. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation
as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 

We
may issue additional shares of our Common Stock or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interests
and may depress the market price of our Common Stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had options
outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 18,863,654 shares of our Common Stock, an aggregate of 3,166,628 restricted stock
awards outstanding, and Warrants outstanding to purchase 5,923,333 shares of our Common Stock. We will also have the ability to
initially issue an aggregate of 12,358,689 shares of our Common Stock under the FaZe Holdings Inc 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan and
1,791,416 shares of our Common Stock under the FaZe Holdings Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

We may issue
additional shares of our Common Stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other
things, future acquisitions or repayment of outstanding indebtedness, without stockholder approval, in a number of circumstances. 

Our
issuance of additional shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank would have the following effects: 

our
 existing stockholders proportionate ownership interest in the Company will decrease; 

the
 amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends (if any) in the future,
 may decrease; 

the
 relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of Common Stock may be diminished;
 and 

the
 market price of our shares of Common Stock may decline. 

We
may redeem the Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of
 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions
are met. Trading prices of our Common Stock have not historically exceeded the 18.00 per share redemption threshold. 

In the event
we have determined to redeem the Warrants, holders would be notified of such redemption as described in that certain warrant agreement,
dated February 18, 2022, by and between BRPM and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (the Warrant Agreement ).
Specifically, we would be required to fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date ). Notice of redemption would be
mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than 30 days prior to the Redemption Date to the registered holders
of the Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they appear on the registration books. In addition, beneficial owners of the
redeemable Warrants will be notified of such redemption via the Company s posting of the redemption notice to DTC. Redemption of
the Warrants could force you (i) to exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so, (ii) to sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants or
(iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held
by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

Warrants
to purchase our Common Stock became exercisable on August 18, 2022, which could increase the number of shares eligible for future resale
in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 

As of the
December 31, 2022, there were 5,923,333 Warrants outstanding. Each Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one share of Common Stock
at an exercise price of 11.50 per-share (subject to adjustment as described herein). The Warrants became exercisable on August 18, 2022,
and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York time on July 19, 2027, or earlier upon redemption of the Warrants. To the extent Warrants are
exercised, additional shares of Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to our then existing stockholders and increase
the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could
depress the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
Warrants may not be in the money at anytime prior to their expiration, and they may expire worthless. 

The
exercise price for the Public Warrants is 11.50 per share of Common Stock. There is no guarantee that the Warrants will be in the money
prior to their expiration, and as such, the Warrants may expire worthless. 

33 

If
you exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of Common Stock from such exercise
than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 

There
are circumstances in which the exercise of the Public Warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. For example,
if the Common Stock is at any time of any exercise of a Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
Public Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and,
in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not
so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is
not available. Also, if we call the Public Warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish
to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 

In
the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the Warrants for that number
of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying
the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined in the next sentence) of the Common Stock over
the exercise price of the Warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported last sale
price of the Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is
received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants, as applicable. As a result, you
would receive fewer shares of Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such Warrants for cash. 

The
Warrant Agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of the Warrants, which
could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our Company. 

The
Warrant Agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the Warrant Agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Warrant Agreement
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
the forum provisions in the Warrant Agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of
the Warrant Agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of Warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented
to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought
in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon
such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent
for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for
disputes with us, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of the Warrant Agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

34 

We
have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs and obligations as a result of being a public company and the requirements
of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention . 

As
a privately held company, Legacy FaZe was not required to comply with certain corporate governance and financial reporting practices
and policies required of a publicly traded company. As a publicly traded company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other
expenses that we were not required to incur in the recent past, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company 
as defined under the JOBS Act. In addition, new and changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public
disclosure, including the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations promulgated and to
be promulgated thereunder, as well as under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the JOBS Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC and national
securities exchanges have created uncertainty for public companies and increased the costs and the time that the FaZe Board and management
must devote to complying with these rules and regulations. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial
compliance costs and lead to a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities. 

Furthermore,
the need to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may strain our resources and divert management s
attention from implementing our growth strategy, which could prevent us from improving our business, results of operations and financial
condition. We have made, and will continue to make, changes to our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and accounting
systems to meet our reporting obligations as a publicly traded company. However, the measures we take may not be sufficient to satisfy
our obligations as a publicly traded company. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters is located in the Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, where we occupy facilities totaling approximately
33,217 square feet under a lease that expires in August 2024. We do not own any real property or related investments. We believe that
our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs and provides flexibility as we to scale in the future. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are, from time to time, subject to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of business. We are not currently a party to any such claims, lawsuits or proceedings, the outcome of which, if determined adversely
to us, we believe would, individually or in the aggregate, be material to our business or result in a material adverse effect on our
future operating results, financial condition or cash flows. See Note 12, Litigation, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements
for additional information. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

35 

PART
II. 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock and public warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols FAZE and FAZEW, respectively.
Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, BRPM s units, common stock and warrants were listed on the Nasdaq under
the symbols BRPMU, BRPM and BRPMW, respectively. 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 396 holders of record of our common stock, which amount does not include participants of The Depository
Trust Company or beneficial owners holding shares through nominee names. 

Dividend
Policy 

We have not
paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt
repayment and have no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the
future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition,
cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends
may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. We do not anticipate declaring
any cash dividends to holders of the common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial statements and the related
notes included elsewhere in this report. 

This report
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These
include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which are indicated by words or phrases
such as believes, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, 
 estimates, and similar words. Forward-looking statements represent, as of the date of this report, our judgment relating
to, among other things, future results of operations, growth plans, sales, capital requirements and general industry and business conditions
applicable to us. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

36 

Our
Business 

We
are a digitally-native lifestyle and media brand founded and rooted in gaming and youth culture. 

We are at
the forefront of the global creator economy, which is an industry centered around innovative digital content development fueled by social
media influencers, creators and businesses who monetize their content online. With a leading digital content platform created for and
by Generation Z and Millennials, we have established a highly engaged and growing global fanbase, with social media reach (see our key
performance indicator, Total Reach of over 528 million as of December 31, 2022, which number, as explained in our discussion
of Key Performance Indicators include also of individual members of FaZe. 

We produce
engaging content, merchandise, consumer products and experiences, and create advertising and sponsorship programs for leading national
brands. With approximately 81 of our audience between the ages of 13-34 as of December 31, 2022, we have unlocked key relationships
with a coveted demographic that has long proven difficult to reach for traditional media companies and advertisers. We have several revenue
streams including brand sponsorships, content, consumer products, and Esports. 

As
the recognition of our brand is an important component to our success, we have obtained and protected a strategic set of intellectual
property registrations and applications, including for our brand, throughout the world. 

Our
principal business operations are located in the United States, and we also have a location in Canada. We are assessing potential opportunities
to expand our operational footprint in North America and internationally through strategic initiatives, including M A transactions. 

On July 19,
2022, we completed the Business Combination. At the closing of the Business Combination, we received approximately 113.7 million in
gross proceeds and 57.8 million in net proceeds in connection with the Business Combination. 

Compared
to 2021, our revenues and gross profit in 2022 increased due to the growth of our business, in particular our brand sponsorships, which
was driven by the increasing prominence of our brand and Esports revenue streams, as a result of, among other things, the easing of restrictions
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, tournament wins, and increases in player transfer fees and league participation revenue. These increases
were partially offset by a decrease in consumer products revenue due to the timing of product launches into the market. Additionally,
total expenses increased by a greater magnitude than revenues in 2022, primarily due to a 115.3 million loss on debt extinguishment
for conversion of Legacy FaZe debt into common stock under the terms of the Merger Agreement at Closing. In addition, the Company has
increased costs in compensation and benefits due to increased headcount, stock compensation expense and professional services fees as
a result of the growth of the business and of becoming a public company. As a result, Net Loss for 2022 increased to 169 million, compared
to 37 million in 2021. See the Results of Operations subsection for further details. The following table summarizes our
financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year ended 

December
 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Total Revenues 
 70,021 
 52,852 
 
 Gross Profit 
 15,145 
 8,976 
 
 Net Loss 
 (168,534 
 (36,866 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 (33,560 
 (27,821 

(1) Adjusted
 EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. See Non-GAAP Information below for
 our definition of, and additional information about, adjusted EBITDA and for a reconciliation
 to net loss, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure. 

Key
Performance Indicators 

In addition
to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, we regularly review several metrics, including the following key metrics, to evaluate our business,
measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial plans and make strategic decisions. Our key metrics
are calculated using internal company data based on the activity of fan accounts and the metrics described below. While these numbers
are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our fanbase for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges
in measuring usage of our platform across large online and mobile populations around the world. The methodologies used to measure these
metrics require significant judgment. Increases or decreases in our key performance indicators may not correspond with increases or decreases
in our revenue. 

37 

Our
Total Reach represents the aggregate number of user accounts, or fans, that subscribe to or follow FaZe content across
YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok and Twitch, measured at the end of the reporting period and based on publicly available data. Our
calculation of Total Reach may count the same individual multiple times if an individual follows or subscribes to FaZe content on multiple
platforms; therefore, our Total Reach metric may inflate the number of individuals, as opposed to user accounts, reached by our content.
Therefore, we supplement our understanding of the reach of our content, as well as our monetization opportunities, with the Aggregate
YouTube Subscribers metric, which only includes subscribers on our primary platform and is explained further in the following section.
Nonetheless, we believe that Total Reach is a useful metric because, regardless of whether our content reaches an individual through
one or multiple platforms or channels, we view each such instance as a unique opportunity to strengthen and, ultimately, to monetize
our relationship with the individual accountholder, whether by selling consumer products online, by incrementally increasing our advertising
revenue due to viewership or by inspiring attendance at our live events, among other opportunities. Further, one individual following
us across multiple platforms could generally signal higher audience engagement, and as such may lead to higher monetization potential,
than one individual following us on only one platform. 

We find Total
Reach to be a useful metric for predicting future revenues because, as an audience-driven company, we generally interpret an increase
in our Total Reach to signal an overall increase in the strength of our brand and to represent a corresponding increase in the number
of opportunities for our content to reach our audience and expose them to our brand, content and products, which may drive additional
monetization opportunities through increased engagement with FaZe. Further, we believe the fact that an individual follows FaZe across
multiple platforms or follows several FaZe content creators may signal their amenability to purchase our products, grow the FaZe community
by engaging with other fans and continue consuming our content in the future. In addition, we believe each fan added to our Total Reach
represents a new avenue through which we can reach additional fans as they spread awareness of our brand by sharing and posting about
FaZe content to their own followers. Individuals who follow or subscribe to FaZe content on multiple platforms represents multiple such
avenues, and the more their followers differ between platforms, the more avenues are opened to FaZe content. We believe an increase in
Total Reach also signals our ability to attract additional sponsorships and sponsorship deals or sell consumer products. However, an
increase in Total Reach may not directly result in an increase in content revenues. Our Total Reach includes fans of the channels of
certain popular celebrity members of FaZe that we have contractually agreed not to directly monetize, including Calvin Snoop Dogg 
Cordozar Broadus Jr. An increase in Total Reach from fans on such channels will not directly result in an increase in content revenue.
Nonetheless, we expect our partnerships with these celebrity members of FaZe to result in increased engagement as a result of cross-exposure
to our brand through their channels, which strengthens the FaZe brand and which we believe will further increase our Total Reach and
can indirectly increase our revenue over time. Additionally, when our Total Reach increases, our content and other revenues may not increase
immediately given the lag time between when subscriptions are recorded and when we are able to monetize subscriptions, including generating
Google AdSense revenues, selling consumer products and leveraging our Total Reach metric to attract additional sponsors and sponsorship
deals. Conversely, a decrease in our Total Reach may be an indicator of an unfavorable trend in future revenues. Therefore, we use the
Total Reach metric for revenue planning, although the numerical correlation between Total Reach and future revenues varies and cannot
be precisely predicted in either the short term or long term. 

The timing
difference between a change in Total Reach and change in revenues may be particularly pronounced if the change in Total Reach metric
reflects a large spike or large drop as the result of adding a channel to our network or removing a channel from our network. That is,
if we sign a contract with a new talent member who has a large pre-existing pool of social media subscribers, our Total Reach will also
increase as these pre-existing subscribers are added to our Total Reach metric. For example, our Total Reach increased significantly
between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, primarily due to Calvin Snoop Dogg Cordozar Broadus Jr. joining as a member
of FaZe s talent network. Conversely, if talent members leave the FaZe network due to contract expiration or termination, we record
an immediate decrease in our Total Reach in an amount equal to the Total Reach of the talent that left the FaZe network. When we have
a spike or drop in Total Reach due to the various circumstances described above, we do not expect to necessarily see immediate spikes
or drops in content and other revenues but may see future changes in revenues given the lag time described in the preceding paragraph. 

As
 of December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Total Reach (1) 
 527,904 
 360,762 
 
 YouTube 
 136,245 
 116,470 
 
 Twitter 
 83,629 
 58,767 
 
 Instagram 
 180,943 
 105,027 
 
 TikTok 
 84,100 
 45,613 
 
 Twitch 
 42,987 
 34,885 

(1) 
 The Total Reach amount includes
 subscribers of channels for Calvin Snoop Dogg Cordozar Broadus Jr. and certain other celebrity talent that FaZe is
 not contractually allowed to directly monetize. Such channels contributed to a Total Reach of 204.8 million and 71.5 million as of
 December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Therefore, channels that FaZe is contractually allowed to directly monetize
 contributed to a Total Reach of 323.2 million and 289.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

38 

Aggregate
YouTube Subscribers 

Our
Aggregate YouTube Subscribers metric is the number of subscribers our total talent pool has on their FaZe co-branded YouTube channels,
the company programmed FaZe Clan YouTube channel, as well as the FaZe Affiliated channels measured at the end of the reporting period
and based on publicly available data. Aggregate YouTube Subscribers includes subscribers for each YouTube channel programmed by talent
members as well as company programmed YouTube channels. We consider each YouTube Subscriber to be a subscriber on YouTube, measured separately
for each individual talent member. As such, one hypothetical subscriber may be included in several instances within the Aggregate YouTube
Subscribers metric if that individual were to subscribe to the channels of multiple members of our talent pool. 

We
believe Aggregate YouTube Subscribers is a better approximation of our unique audience than other measures of reach available to us.
That is, although Aggregate YouTube Subscribers may count the same individual subscriber multiple times if that individual subscribes
to multiple FaZe talent members on YouTube, this metric does not include individuals who subscribe to FaZe across multiple platforms
in the calculation. Also, the potential for inflation of Aggregate YouTube Subscribers due to the same individual subscribing to multiple
FaZe talent members is partially offset by the omission of individuals who subscribe to FaZe only on platforms other than YouTube. 

We
believe an increase in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers signals an overall increase in the strength of our brand, which in turn signals
our ability to attract additional sponsorships and sponsorship deals or sell consumer products. An increase in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers
may not directly result in an increase in content revenues because our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers includes subscribers on channels
that we are not contractually allowed to monetize. If the channels contributing to the increase in our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers
are channels that FaZe is contractually allowed to monetize, then an increase in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers may directly result in
an increase in content revenues, but if the channels contributing to the increase in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers are not channels that
FaZe is contractually allowed to monetize, then an increase in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers would not directly result in an increase
in content revenues but can indirectly result in an increase in overall revenue over time because we believe the increase in Aggregate
YouTube Subscribers strengthens the FaZe brand. Additionally, an increase in our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers may not correlate with
current or historic revenues but may represent additional monetization opportunities across our various revenue streams. When our Aggregate
YouTube Subscribers increase, our content and other revenues may not increase immediately, given the additional lag time before we are
able to monetize the subscriptions, including generating Google AdSense revenues, selling consumer products, and leveraging our Aggregate
YouTube Subscribers metric to attract additional sponsors and sponsorship deals. Conversely, a decrease in our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers
may be an indicator of an unfavorable trend in future revenues. Therefore, we find the use of the Aggregate YouTube Subscribers metric
useful for our revenue planning, although the numerical correlation between Aggregate YouTube Subscribers and future revenues varies
and cannot be precisely predicted in either the short term or long term. 

The
timing difference between a change in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers and a change in revenues may be particularly pronounced if the change
in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers metric reflects a large spike or large drop as the result of adding a channel to our network or removing
a channel from our network. For example, if we sign a contract with a new talent member who has a large pre-existing pool of YouTube
subscribers, our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers will also increase as these pre-existing subscribers are added to our Aggregate YouTube
Subscribers metric. Conversely, if talent members leave the FaZe network due to contract expiration or termination, we record an immediate
decrease in our Aggregate YouTube subscribers metric in an amount equal to the YouTube subscribers of the talent that left the FaZe network.
When we have a spike or drop in Aggregate YouTube Subscribers due to the various circumstances described above including, for
instance, the addition of Calvin Snoop Dogg Cordozar Broadus, Jr. to FaZe s talent network in the first quarter of
2022, we do not expect to necessarily see immediate spikes or drops in content and other revenues but may see future changes in
revenues given the lag time described in the preceding paragraph. 

As
 of December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Aggregate YouTube
 Subscribers 
 136,245 
 116,470 
 
 Company
 Programmed FaZe Clan YouTube Channel Subscribers 
 8,904 
 8,789 
 
 FaZe
 Co-branded Channel Subscribers 
 117,548 
 106,999 
 
 FaZe
 Affiliated Channels (1) 
 9,739 
 682 

(1) FaZe
 Affiliated Channels are channels that are not co-branded but are closely affiliated with
 our talent. This includes Calvin Snoop Dogg Cordozar Broadus Jr., All Grown
 Up, and Nuke Squad. 

Average
Revenue per YouTube Subscriber ARPU 

ARPU
is defined as our total consolidated GAAP revenues for the selected period divided by our total Aggregate YouTube Subscribers as of period
end. We believe ARPU is an indicator of how effective we are at monetizing our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers. A high ARPU may reflect
that we are monetizing our audience effectively and, conversely, a low ARPU may reflect the opportunity for additional monetization with
respect to our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers. Please see above for the assumptions underlying the calculation of our Aggregate YouTube
Subscribers. 

39 

While
we believe changes in our total consolidated GAAP revenues are correlated with our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers over the long term,
there may be short term dislocations in the metric due to timing difference in audience growth and monetization. For example, our Aggregate
YouTube Subscribers may grow more quickly when compared to our revenues due to the lag time related to the monetization of our Aggregate
YouTube Subscribers, as described in the Aggregate YouTube Subscribers subsection above, resulting in lower or unchanged
period over period ARPU, especially if we gain additional Aggregate YouTube Subscribers toward the end of a reporting period. Conversely,
if we lose Aggregate YouTube Subscribers toward the end of a reporting period, we may see decreased or relatively flat Aggregate YouTube
Subscribers, whereas the full period will not reflect the revenue impact of the decreased monetization potential. 

Additionally,
because ARPU is measured as revenue for a particular period over a point-in-time metric, Aggregate YouTube Subscribers, ARPU will generally
be smaller for interim time periods than annual periods. Therefore, ARPU for interim periods should only be compared to interim periods
of the same length, and annual periods should only be compared to other annual periods. 

In
future periods, we expect to increase the monetization of our Aggregate YouTube Subscribers through growth in our existing monetization
channels and expansion into new ways of monetizing our audience, all of which we believe will be aided by additional access to capital
and a more established brand. Therefore, we expect our ARPU to increase over time. 

Year ended 

December
 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 ARPU 
 0.51 
 0.45 

Total
Number of Significant Sponsors 

Total number
of significant sponsors is defined as the number of sponsorship deals directly contracted with FaZe that have a contractual value of
over 0.5 million and are active during the reported period. This metric helps us forecast future revenue, since we know the contract
value of a sponsorship when the contract is signed but recognize the revenue ratably over the sponsorship term. At the same time, if
we sign a significant sponsorship deal towards the end of a reportable period, we may not recognize a significant portion of the revenue
until the following period. 

We believe
this metric provides insight into the drivers of changes in our brand sponsorships revenue. Our brand sponsorships revenue is most closely
aligned with this metric, as our brand sponsorships revenue is correlated with increases in our total number of significant sponsors. 

Year ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total Significant
 Sponsors 
 15 
 12 

On
July 19, 2022, we completed the Business Combination. We received approximately 113.7 million in gross proceeds and net proceeds of
 57.8 million in connection with the Business Combination. See Note 4, Business Combination, of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements for additional information. 

Key
Factors Affecting Our Current and Future Results 

Our
financial position and results of operations depend to a significant extent on the following factors: 

Evolving
Digital Economy 

Our
success has depended and will continue to depend on our ability to remain at the forefront in digital-entertainment trends, including
social media. 

We believe
we are well-positioned as a digitally native lifestyle and media platform in the global content industry, which continues to evolve towards
digital and social platforms each of which are poised for further growth. 

We attribute
our growth in part to the diverse content we have developed and produced in the form of digital media, social media, consumer products
sales, and livestreaming events distributed across several platforms including YouTube, Twitch, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and TikTok.
Further, our brand, which is a digital native lifestyle brand rooted in gaming and youth culture, is well-positioned for future opportunities
in areas such as subscription offerings, live events, fan clubs, virtual dining concepts, game publisher collaborations, Web3 and the
general growth and adoption of the metaverse, and interconnected digital reality. 

40 

As a leading
digital content platform created for and by Generation Z and Millennials, we have established a highly engaged growing global fanbase,
with a Total Reach of over 528 million as of December 31, 2022, including those of individual members of FaZe (see Key Performance
Indicators Total Reach ). 

Ability
to Recruit and Retain Talent 

Our
talent pool creates content for, and forms other partnerships with, our brand. Our diverse talent pool of creators and players are the
face of our brand. Therefore, our current and future growth depends on our ability to retain our current talent and attract new talent.
However, as we have grown our talent roster, we have made sure to not rely on any single individual to carry the brand, but rather have
worked to develop a broad talent base, where each person is able to grow their own brand within the overall FaZe platform. 

Competitive
Landscape 

Due to our
digitally native lifestyle and media platform and diverse sources of monetization, our business may face competition from online content
creators, lifestyle brands, digital media companies, traditional sports teams, or other Esports companies. If more direct competitors
emerge in the marketplace, our performance and results of operations will depend on our ability to retain market share through activities
including generating innovative content and forming and retaining strategic partnerships. 

COVID-19 

Due
to the COVID-19 pandemic, our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 may not be comparable to past and future
periods. As a result of changed consumer behavior under COVID-19 lock-down orders, the already-growing online gaming and digital content
industries saw a major uptick in video game usage, streaming viewership, content viewership, console sales, and more users on many gaming
platforms. This helped further accelerate the pre-pandemic growth in popularity of our content creators and the FaZe content channels,
and made the content we offer a bigger part of mainstream digital entertainment. On average, our content creators have seen an increase
in viewership since the start of the pandemic and while still strong, viewership on FaZe s YouTube channel and certain of FaZe s
talent YouTube channels is down from the highest levels experienced during pandemic stay-at-home measures. 

Moreover,
the fact that most of our products and services do not involve physical customer interaction may have provided us a competitive advantage
during the COVID-19 pandemic, as customers can access most of our services and product offerings while social distancing or without any
physical presence. As in-person entertainment has re-gained popularity, we may face increased competition and see drops in engagement
as it relates to our content and brand sponsorship revenue streams. Esports revenues increased as government restrictions surrounding
in-person events decreased. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic impacted our supply chain operations and continues to do so to a limited extent. However, we expect supply chain costs
and delivery times to return at or near pre-pandemic levels in the near-term. Such COVID-19 related supply chain issues have not materially
affected our results of operations, capital resources, outlook or business goals and have had marginal and immaterial impact on our sales,
profits and liquidity. 

We
will continue to actively monitor the impact of the pandemic on our business and may take further actions to modify our practices accordingly. 

Overall
Market and Economic Conditions 

Changing
market and economic conditions, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, rising interest rates and inflation, may positively
or negatively impact our revenues, which depend on discretionary spending from consumers and corporate sponsors. Much of our business
is resistant to changes in disposable consumer income, as consumers do not currently need to pay to access most of our content. However,
in periods of slowing economic recovery or recession, decreases in disposable corporate income could negatively impact our revenues if
companies decrease sponsorship and advertising spend. Our consumer products business is dependent on consumer discretionary spending,
which is highly sensitive to changing market conditions, and a decline in discretionary spending could have an adverse impact on our
results. 

41 

Key
Components of Sales and Expenses 

Revenue 

We
have the following major revenue types: 

Brand
 Sponsorships: We offer advertisers an association with the FaZe brand, which we deliver
 through various promotional vehicles that are highly tailored to reach our target audience.
 These vehicles include, but are not limited to, online advertising, livestream announcements,
 content generation, social media posts, logo placement on FaZe s official merchandise,
 and special appearances by members of our talent network. Brand deals are made through the
 FaZe sales team and provide the sponsor an association with our brand across the FaZe platform,
 including the full roster of FaZe talent. Revenues from our larger brand sponsorship agreements
 are typically based on a term and are recognized ratably over the contract term. Payment
 terms and conditions vary by contract type, but payments are generally due periodically throughout
 the term of the contract. Some smaller sponsorship deals are based on a specific deliverable
 and not a term, and are recognized and invoiced when delivered. 

We
also offer talent deals, which are typically smaller in size than brand deals. Talent deals are made directly with individual FaZe talent
members to promote a brand or product within content created by the selected talent. These deals are often sourced and negotiated by
FaZe employees and include FaZe as a counterparty. Payment terms are similar to our brand deals, with talent receiving a contractually
negotiated percent of the revenue as a fee. 

Content :
 We generate original content that we monetize through Google s AdSense service, which
 permits Google to place paid advertisements on FaZe branded YouTube sites. Revenue is generated
 when the advertisement is viewed on a cost per view or cost per click 
 basis. Each time a fan views a FaZe-programmed YouTube page, Google will display an advertisement
 to the fan. Depending on the type of advertisement the advertiser agrees to with Google,
 the advertiser agrees to pay Google based on the number of views or the number of times a
 fan clicks on the advertisement. This cost per view or cost per click can vary substantially
 depending on the channel, content, and seasonality. Google pays us a percentage of what Google
 charges the advertiser, and we receive reporting from Google, which we use to recognize revenue
 on a revenue-per-thousand playbacks RPM basis, which represents a blend of
 cost per view and cost per click advertisements. 

Consumer
 Products: We sell consumer products directly to end users online (predominantly on our
 website but also on other websites, including those of our partners) and at events. 

Esports :
 Our Esports revenue consists of league participation revenue, prize money, player transfer
 fee revenue, and licensing of intellectual property revenue. League participation revenue
 is generated from our participation in closed Esports leagues, which historically share net
 revenue between all partnered teams on a pro rata basis, with FaZe receiving between 4 and
 8 , subject to a minimum guarantee. Prize money is earned by competing in organized competitions
 and successfully placing at a level where the organizer has offered a prize. Prize money
 is typically paid to FaZe by the competition organizer and we will then distribute a percentage
 of the money to players based on contractually agreed terms. Player transfer fee revenue
 is earned through player transfer agreements which compensate FaZe for the release of a team
 member from their agreement with FaZe. Licensing of intellectual property revenue is royalty
 revenue in connection with the usage of our brand logo during each game or tournament. 

42 

We
expect continued growth in revenues primarily due to increased organic growth as our brand builds momentum, which results from engagement
of our talent with our audience, building strategic partnerships and generating new, innovative content and products. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue primarily consists of amounts paid to talent and other contractors, as we perform the underlying services related to satisfying
the performance obligations under our agreements. It also includes other costs, such as those related to textiles, labor, and license
fees associated with consumer products. 

We
expect our cost of revenue to increase primarily due to the increased volume of new strategic partnerships and the organic growth of
our other revenue initiatives. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative costs consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, rent and premises costs, professional service fees, and other
general corporate expenses. 

We
are incurring higher general and administrative expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses related to
compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and stock exchange listing standards, additional insurance expenses, investor relations
activities, and other administrative and professional services. We are constantly reviewing the size of our general and administrative
function to support the growth of our business and other costs associated with being a public company and have implemented cost savings
initiatives to reduce general and administrative expenses. It is possible, however, that our general and administrative expenses will
increase in absolute dollars as our business grows. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing costs consist primarily of promotional, public relations, and advertising expenses. Sales and marketing costs also include
other general marketing expenses. 

Interest
Expense, Net 

We incurred
interest expense from our outstanding debt obligations, including our senior convertible promissory note issued in 2020, our other convertible
promissory notes issued in 2020 and 2021, the PPP loan (defined below) and the 2022 B. Riley Term Loan (defined below). On July 19, 2022,
we completed the Business Combination, upon which all convertible notes were converted into common stock and other debts were paid in
full with the proceeds of the merger. After the consummation of the Business Combination on July 19, 2022 and as of December 31, 2022,
the Company does not have any outstanding debt. Debt agreements are explained further in the Liquidity and Capital Resources 
section below. 

Change
in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 

We incur a change in fair value of warrant liabilities as result of
remeasuring our warrant liabilities each reporting period. See Note 7, Private Placement Warrants and Recurring Fair Value Measurements,
of the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.

Loss
on Debt Extinguishment 

We incurred a loss on debt extinguishment due to the conversion of
certain convertible notes under the terms of the Merger Agreement at Closing. See Note 8, Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements for additional information.

Other
(Income)/Expense 

Other
income/expense consists primarily of foreign currency gain or loss. 

43 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods or years indicated, and the respective
changes between comparative periods or years. 

The
 year ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except for percentages) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Total revenues 
 70,021 
 52,852 
 17,169 
 32.5 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 54,876 
 43,876 
 11,000 
 25.1 
 
 Gross Profit 
 15,145 
 8,976 
 6,169 
 68.7 
 
 Operating Expenses: 

General and administrative 
 59,436 
 37,078 
 22,358 
 60.3 
 
 Sales and marketing 
 3,307 
 3,352 
 (45 
 (1.3 
 
 Impairment
 of content assets 
 1,073 
 
 1,073 

Loss from operations 
 (48,671 
 (31,454 
 (17,217 
 (54.7 
 
 Other (income)/expense: 

Interest expense, net 
 4,483 
 5,467 
 (984 
 (18.0 
 
 Change in fair value of
 warrant liabilities 
 (90 
 
 (90 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 115,292 
 
 115,292 

Other
 (income)/expense 
 178 
 (55 
 233 
 423.6 
 
 Total other (income)/expense: 
 119,863 
 5,412 
 114,451 
 2114.8 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 (168,534 
 (36,866 
 (131,668 
 (357.2 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net
Income (Loss) 

Net loss
has increased by 131.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change is
primarily driven by the company s loss on debt extinguishment of 115.3 million. The transaction is related to the Business
Combination, which has been discussed under Note 4 of financial statements. Apart from the impact of the Business Combination, the
Company s revenues has increased by 17.0 million while general and administrative expenses have increased by 20.3 million in
total. 

Revenues 

Revenues
increased by 17.2 million, or 32.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This change was
primarily driven by growth in the brand sponsorships business, and secondarily by Esports revenue streams. Brand sponsorships revenue
increased primarily due to our sales teams generating new and/or larger brand sponsorships, or renewal of existing sponsorship deals,
during the year ended December 31, 2022. Content revenue decreased by 1.6 million primarily post-pandemic normalization of viewing habits
by audiences on YouTube, our most important content streaming platform. Our overall increase in revenues was also driven by an increase
in our Total Number of Significant Sponsors. These metrics and their relationship with revenue are described in the Key Performance
Indicators section. The increases in Esports revenue were primarily due to an increase in prize winnings earned by talent members
of 2.3 million, with our teams performing stronger compared to the prior period, an increase in league participation revenue of 1.5
million and an increase in player transfer revenue of 0.2 million. Further, Esports revenue was greater due to the easing of restrictions
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, given that Esports revenue is highly dependent on live events. Consumer products revenue decreased
by 2.3 million due to the timing of products not launching in 2022. 

The
following table presents the Company s revenue by type for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended 

December
 31, 

(in thousands, except for percentages) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Brand sponsorships 
 42,096 
 24,867 
 17,229 
 69.3 
 
 Content 
 14,497 
 16,068 
 (1,571 
 (9.8 
 
 Consumer products 
 3,455 
 5,751 
 (2,296 
 (39.9 
 
 Esports 
 9,385 
 5,846 
 3,539 
 60.5 
 
 Other 
 588 
 320 
 268 
 83.8 
 
 Total
 revenue 
 70,021 
 52,852 
 17,169 
 32.5 

44 

Cost
of Revenues 

Cost of revenue
increased by 11.0 million, or 25.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Brand sponsorships
costs increased by 8.6 million primarily as result of certain lower margin sponsorship contracts expiring and the Company entering into
new, higher margin sponsorships. Content costs decreased by 1.7 million primarily as a function of lower content revenues, which year-over-year
due to the normalization of post-pandemic viewing habits of our audience on YouTube, our most important content platform. The decrease
in consumer products costs of 1.9 million was due to lower merchandise sales compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in Esports costs of 3.6 million was due primarily to increases in player salaries of 1.4 million, and prize money costs provided to
talent members of 1.7 million. The increase in Esports costs was also due to the easing of travel restrictions associated with the COVID-19
pandemic, resulting in our teams attending more live events during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021. 

General
and Administrative 

General and
administrative expenses increased by 22.3 million, or 71.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021, primarily due to the cost of becoming a public company, and an increase in compliance and operational staffing. Our compensation
and benefits costs increased by 15.7 million due to increased headcount, and increased salaries and cash bonus compensation as result
of the Business Combination, including non-recurring, one-time bonuses related to taking the Company public. For the year ended December
31, 2022, we also experienced a 8.5 million increase in non-cash stock compensation expense due to the stock option grants in the third
quarter of 2021 and restricted stock awards in subsequent quarters, along with the accelerated vesting of stock options and certain restricted
stock awards at Closing of the Business Combination. Non-legal professional service fees increased 1.9 million, in connection with the
growth of our business and the Business Combination. Insurance expenses increased by 1.7 million, rent and premises costs increased
by 1.6 million, depreciation and amortization increased by 1.9 million, travel and entertainment increased by 1.5 million. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales and
marketing expenses decreased by an immaterial amount, or 1.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 in support of our growing brand partnership and content businesses. 

Interest
Expense, Net 

Net interest
expense decreased by 1.0 million, or 18.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. As result
of the Business Combination, all convertible notes were converted into common stock and other debts were paid in cash with the proceeds
from the Business Combination. After the consummation of the Business Combination on July 19, 2022 and as of December 31, 2022, the Company
does not have any outstanding debt. Debt agreements are explained further in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section
below. 

Change
in fair value of warrant liabilities 

The
Company recorded an immaterial gain due to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the year ending December 31, 2022, from
the warrant liabilities from the Business Combination. The Company had no warrant liabilities for the year ending December 31, 2021.
See Note 7, Private Placement Warrants and Recurring Fair Value Measurements, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for
additional information. 

Loss
on debt extinguishment 

Loss on debt extinguishment increased by 115.3 million for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 due to the conversion of certain of our convertible notes under the terms of the Merger Agreement at Closing.
See Note 8, Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Other
(Income)/Expense 

Other (income)/expense
is increased by 114.5 million or 2114.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Non-GAAP
Information 

Adjusted
EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, is a performance measure that we use to supplement our results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Adjusted
EBITDA is defined as net loss before share-based compensation expense, foreign currency gains and losses, interest expense, impairment
of content assets, depreciation and amortization, change in fair value of warrant liabilities, loss on debt extinguishment, and non-recurring,
non-operating expenses , such as severance. Adjusted EBITDA is used by the FaZe board and management as a key factor in determining
the quality of our earnings (loss). 

45 

Adjusted
EBITDA is a performance measure that we believe is useful to investors and analysts because it helps illustrate the underlying financial
and business trends relating to our core, recurring results of operations and also enhances comparability between periods. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is not a recognized measure under U.S. GAAP and is not intended to be a substitute for any U.S. GAAP financial measure and, as
calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance of other companies in other industries or within
the same industry. Investors should exercise caution in comparing our non-GAAP measure to any similarly titled measure used by other
companies. This non-GAAP measure excludes certain items required by U.S. GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to information
reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

The
table below presents our adjusted EBITDA, reconciled to our net loss for the periods indicated. 

December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (168,534 
 (36,866 
 
 Adjusted for: 

Share-based compensation expense 
 10,167 
 1,638 
 
 Restructuring severance/recruiting/retention expense 
 2,206 
 1,139 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 6 

Interest expense 
 4,483 
 5,467 
 
 Impairment of content assets (1) 
 1,073 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 
 1,281 
 741 
 
 Amortization of intangible asset 
 556 
 60 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities (2) 
 (90 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 115,292 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 (33,560 
 (27,821 

(1) 
 In April 2022, the Company performed an evaluation of its content asset and determined that the underlying programming of the content asset will not be released. In addition, the Company determined that the content asset has no further utility. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment loss to write off the entire carrying value of content asset. (See Note 6) 

(2) Represents the change in the fair value of the Private Placement
Warrants liability. (See Note 7) 

While not included in the adjustments above, management also removes
certain expenses for internal reporting purposes, as they are unpredictable and not considered core to our operations. These expense adjustments
that are utilized for internal reporting purposes include expenses related to legal settlements, legal fees outside of the ordinary course
of business, and severance. For the year ended December 31, 2022, legal settlements were immaterial. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
legal settlements totaled 3.2 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, legal fees outside of the ordinary
course of business totaled 3.1 million and 4.1 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, severance expenses totaled
 1.0 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, severance expenses totaled 0.6 million. See Note 12, Litigation, of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements for further information relating to legal and severance related expenses that are not included
in our Adjusted EBITDA calculations, other than for internal reporting purposes. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Our
ability to expand and grow our business in the short and long term will depend on many factors, including our working capital needs and
the evolution of our operating cash flows. 

We
measure liquidity in terms of our ability to fund the cash requirements of our business operations, including working capital and capital
expenditure needs, contractual obligations and other commitments, with cash flows from operations and other sources of funding. We have
financed our operations primarily through the proceeds from the Business Combination and PIPE offering, the sale of convertible preferred
stock, and through debt agreements with third party lenders prior to the closing of the Business Combination. See below for a summary
of our material debt and equity financing arrangements. 

While the
potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as a more uncertain macro-economic environment
than during the closing of the Business Combination are difficult to assess or predict, the impact of these events may reduce our ability
to access capital, which could negatively impact our short-term and long-term liquidity. Nonetheless, we believe our cash on hand will
be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for a period of at least twelve months from the date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our future
short- and long-term capital requirements will depend on several factors, including but not limited to, the rate of our growth,
our ability to attract and retain fans and brand sponsorships and their willingness to pay for our services. Further, we may enter into
future arrangements to acquire or invest in businesses, products, services and strategic partnerships. To the extent that our current
resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may need to seek additional equity or debt financing. If the needed financing
is not available, or if the terms of financing are less desirable than we expect, we may be forced to scale back our existing operations
and growth plans, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial prospects and could raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December
31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were our cash in the amount of 37.2 million. 

46 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 173,333 private placement
warrants outstanding with an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants,
described in Note 9, Equity, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, except that the Private Placement Warrants (including
the common stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants) were not transferable, assignable or salable until August 18, 2022 and they
are not redeemable by the Company for cash so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, there was no exercise of any private placement warrants. 

Equity 

Prior to the Business Combination, Legacy FaZe had two classes of capital
stock: common stock and preferred stock. Following the Business Combination, the Company has one class of capital stock: common stock.
See Note 9, Equity, of the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

As
a result of the Business Combination, all Legacy FaZe preferred stock were converted to shares of common stock. Additionally, no convertible
preferred stock resulted from the Business Combination. We did not issue any preferred stock or convertible preferred stock during the
year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. No preferred stock or convertible preferred stock was outstanding as of December
31, 2022. 

Debt 

Upon
the close of the Business Combination, all outstanding debt was converted to equity or paid with transaction proceeds. See the details
below for more information on outstanding debt agreements that had been outstanding prior to the Business Combination. 

2022
B. Riley Term Loan 

In March
2022, Legacy FaZe entered into a Bridge Loan Agreement with B. Riley Commercial Capital, LLC B. Riley Lender ), an affiliate
of BRPM, pursuant to which Legacy FaZe received a term loan in the amount of 10.0 million in a single advance Initial Term Loan ).
Upon receipt of a borrowing notice from Legacy FaZe to B. Riley Lender in April 2022, B. Riley Lender issued Legacy FaZe a second advance
of 10.0 million Final Term Loan ). The maturity date was closing date of the Merger Agreement. 

As
a result of the Business Combination, on the Closing Date, the Company paid in full the 2022 B. Riley Term Loan and the accrued interest
with the proceeds of the Merger. 

2021
Cox Convertible Promissory Notes 

As
explained in further detail in Note 8, Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, in August 2021, we entered into an
agreement with Cox, to which we sold convertible promissory notes of 10.0 million. Cox also purchased an additional 5.0 million in
convertible promissory notes in October 2021. The maturity date of the notes was the earliest of December 15, 2023 or various other conditions
outlined in the Notes 7, Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, one of which is the consummation of the Business
Combination. These convertible promissory notes, which could not be prepaid without consent of the holder, bore interest at a rate of
10.00 per annum and were secured against substantially all of our assets. 

The
convertible promissory notes were fully converted into 3,096,908 shares of the Company s common stock in July 2022 in connection
with the closing of the Business Combination. 

Senior
Convertible Note Purchase Agreement and Senior Convertible Promissory Note 

Pursuant
to a Secured Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, as amended, by and among Legacy FaZe, CPH Phase II SPV
LP CPH II and CPH Phase III SPV LP CPH III and, together with CPH II, CPH ), Legacy FaZe
issued 55,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of convertible promissory notes to CPH between December 15, 2020 and August 30, 2021
(the CPH notes ). The CPH notes accrued interest at a rate of 10 per year and had a maturity date of December 15, 2023.
In addition, CPH had the right to purchase certain additional convertible promissory notes from FaZe (the CPH Right ). 

Pursuant
to a letter agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, as amended by and between Legacy FaZe and CPH II (the CPH Letter ),
as long as CPH or its affiliates owned at least 2 of the outstanding capital stock of Legacy FaZe on an as-converted-to-common stock
basis, Legacy FaZe was required to invite a CPH representative to attend all meetings of Legacy FaZe s board of directors in a
non-voting observer capacity, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, in consideration of CPH s purchase of the CPH notes,
so long as any amount remained outstanding under the CPH notes, Legacy FaZe agreed to pay to CPH a nonrefundable quarterly monitoring
fee of 62,500, and, upon CPH s request, reimburse CPH for any reasonable, necessary and documented expenses incurred by CPH in
connection with the monitoring of its investment in FaZe and/or activities performed on behalf of FaZe, subject to a limit of 250,000
in total. 

47 

On
October 23, 2021, CPH entered into a letter agreement with Legacy FaZe, pursuant to which, among other things, (i) CPH agreed to convert
the CPH notes into shares of Legacy FaZe common stock immediately prior to Closing Date, (ii) CPH agreed to waive the CPH Right in exchange
for the issuance of a Legacy FaZe convertible note, such note to be converted into shares of Legacy FaZe common stock immediately prior
to Closing, and such shares of Legacy FaZe common stock to be converted into 4,800,000 shares of Legacy FaZe common stock, (iii) CPH
agreed to waive any interest on the CPH notes in exchange for (x) the issuance of a Legacy FaZe convertible note, such note to be converted
into shares of Legacy FaZe common stock immediately prior to Closing, and such shares of Legacy FaZe common stock to be converted into
523,763 shares Common Stock and (y) payment in cash of interest on the CPH notes that accrues starting on February 1, 2022 and ending
on the Closing Date, and (iv) FaZe nominated Nick Lewin for election as a director of New FaZe, and upon election of Mr. Lewin as a director
of FaZe. 

The
CPH convertible notes and accrued interest up to January 2022 were converted into 15,769,002 shares of the Company s common stock
in July 

2022,
in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. In addition, 2.6 million of accrued interest was settled by cash. The CPH
Letter terminated upon the election of Mr. Lewin as a director of FaZe. 

Other
Convertible Promissory Notes 

In
March 2020 through August 2021, we entered into Convertible Promissory Note Agreements with accredited investors pursuant to which we
sold promissory notes totaling approximately 3.2 million. For each of the 2.5 million of notes issued in 2020, the maturity date was
the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of a private round of preferred stock financing with immediately available proceeds of
at least 1.0 million, with one note of 0.5 million with a maturity date as the earlier of April 21, 2023 or the or the closing of a
private round of preferred stock financing with immediately available proceeds of at least 1.0 million. For each of the 0.7 million
in notes issued in 2021, the maturity date was the second anniversary of the date of the debt purchase agreement. The conversion price
of the notes was equal to 90 of the price per share sold in a preferred stock financing, provided the price is subject to adjustment
in the event our enterprise value is greater than 250.0 million on that date. 

The
convertible promissory notes, which could not be prepaid without consent of the holder, bore interest at a rate of 4.00 per annum. The
convertible promissory notes were subordinate and junior in right of payment to any senior indebtedness of FaZe. 

The
other convertible promissory notes were fully converted into 679,496 shares of the Company s common stock in July 2022, connection
with the closing of the Business Combination. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan 

On
May 4, 2020, we entered into a promissory note dated May 4, 2020 with Harvest Small Business Finance, LLC., pursuant to which Harvest
agreed to make a loan to us under the Paycheck Protection Program offered by the U.S. Small Business Administration in a principal amount
of approximately 1.1 million pursuant to Title 1 of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ).
The loan proceeds were available to be used to pay for payroll costs, including salaries, commissions, and similar compensation, group
health care benefits, and paid leaves; as well as rent; utilities; and interest on certain other outstanding debt. 

The
Paycheck Protection Program loan was fully repaid in July 2022, using the proceeds of the Merger. 

Other
Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 

We may be
party to various claims in the normal course of business. Legal fees and other costs associated with such actions are expensed as incurred.
We assess the need to record a liability for litigation and other loss contingencies, with reserve estimates recorded if we determine
that a loss related to the matter is both probable and reasonably estimable. Legal settlements were immaterial for the year ended December
31, 2022. Legal settlements recorded were 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Our
future contractual commitments related to future minimum payments for non-cancelable operating lease obligations at December 31, 2023
are 1.6 million, 1.1 million for 2024, and 0.0 million for 2025 and thereafter. 

Cash
Flows The year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Year
 ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (54,283 
 (25,180 
 (29,103 
 (115.6 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (4,814 
 (1,705 
 (3,109 
 (182.3 
 
 Net cash provided by
 financing activities 
 79,286 
 40,072 
 39,214 
 97.9 
 
 Net increase in cash and restricted cash 
 20,189 
 13,187 
 7,002 
 53.1 
 
 Cash and restricted
 cash, beginning of period 
 17,618 
 4,431 
 13,187 
 297.6 
 
 Cash and restricted
 cash, end of period 
 37,807 
 17,618 
 20,189 
 114.6 

48 

Cash
Flows Used in Operating Activities 

We used 29.5
million more in cash for operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. This
change was largely related to the changes in net loss of 168.5 million explained in the Results of Operations section,
offset by the impact of various non-cash charges of 133.1 million explained in further detail below. 

Net cash used in operating activities was 54.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022. Our net loss of 168.5 million was partially comprised of non-cash charges: loss on debt extinguishment of 115.3
million, interest expenses of 4.9 million, stock-based compensation expense of 10.2 million, depreciation and amortization of 1.8 million,
impairments to content assets of 1.1 million, bad debt expense of 0.4 million. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022,
changes in operating assets and liabilities increased cash flows used in operations by 19.7 million, primarily due to a combination of
a decrease in accounts receivable and contract assets of 4.4 million, an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of 9.8 million,
a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 19.0 million, and partially offset by a decrease in contract liabilities of 4.4
million. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 25.2 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021. Our net loss of 36.9 million was partially
offset by non-cash interest expenses of 5.5 million, stock-based compensation expense of 1.6 million, depreciation and amortization
of 1.0 million, and additions to content assets of 0.5 million. Additionally, during the year-ended December 31, 2021, changes in operating
assets and liabilities used cash flows from operations of 4.0 million, primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable, contract
assets, and prepaid expenses of 4.2 million, 2.8 million, and 0.5 million, respectively, as well as an increase in accounts payable
and accrued expenses of 4.7 million and contract liabilities of 6.8 million. 

Cash
Flows Used in Investing Activities 

We
used 3.1 million more in cash for investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31,
2021 primarily due to increase in purchases of property, plant and equipment of 3.4 million offset by purchases of intangible assets
of 0.2 million. 

Net
cash used in investing activities of 4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to purchases and leasehold improvements
of property, plant and equipment of 4.1 million and purchases of intangible assets of 0.7 million. 

Net
cash used in investing activities of 1.7 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to purchases of property, plant,
and equipment of 0.7 million, purchases of intangible assets of 0.8 million, and issuances of notes receivable of 0.1 million. 

Cash
Flows Provided by Financing Activities 

We generated
 39.2 million more cash from financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021,
primarily due to an increase from proceeds from the recapitalization of BRPM shares, net of BRPM transaction costs, of 164.6 million,
proceeds from PIPE offering of 100.0 million, proceeds from issuance of term loan of 20.0 million, a decrease in payment of debt issuance
costs of 0.3 million, proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of stock options of 0.2 million, and
partially offset by a decrease from payments for redemptions of BRPM shares of 159.0 million, a decrease in proceeds from issuance of
convertible debt of 35.7 million, payments of transaction fees by Legacy FaZe of 25.1 million and payments of loan principal of 20.7
million. 

Net cash
provided by financing activities of 79.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to proceeds from recapitalization
of BRPM shares, net of BRPM transaction costs, of 5.7 million, proceeds from PIPE offering of 100.0 million, proceeds from issuance
of term loan of 20.0 million, proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the exercise of stock options of 0.2 million,
and partially offset by payments of transaction fees by Legacy FaZe of 25.1 million, and payments of loan principal of 21.1 million. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities of 40.1 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to proceeds from the issuance
of convertible debt of 40.7 million, partially offset by payments on loan principal of 0.4 million and debt issuance costs of 0.3
million. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP. Preparation of the financial statements requires our management to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions that impact the reported amount of net sales and expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We consider an accounting judgment, estimate or assumption to be critical when (1) the estimate
or assumption is complex in nature or requires a high degree of judgment and (2) the use of different judgments, estimates and assumptions
could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 3, Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Our critical accounting policies are described
below. 

Revenue
Recognition and Contract Balances 

Effective
January 1, 2019, we adopted the new accounting standard and related amendments, using the modified retrospective transition method for
all contracts. Based on our assessment, the adoption of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 did not
have a material impact to the Company s consolidated financial statements and there were no material differences between the Company s
adoption of ASC 606 and its historic accounting under ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. For further information regarding the impact of the
adoption of this standard refer to Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

49 

The
below describes our revenue recognition policies and significant judgments in further detail: 

Brand
Sponsorships 

The
Company offers advertisers a full range of promotional initiatives, including but not limited to online advertising, livestream announcements,
content generation, social media posts, logo placement on the Company s official merchandise, and special appearances of members
of the Company s talent roster. The Company s brand sponsorship agreements may include multiple services that are capable
of being individually distinct, however the intended benefit is an association with the Company s brand and the services are not
distinct within the context of the contracts. Revenues from brand sponsorship agreements are recognized ratably over the contract term.
Payment terms and conditions vary, but payments are generally due periodically throughout the term of the contract. In instances where
the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of billing, management has determined the brand sponsorship agreements generally
do not include a significant financing component. 

Content 

The
Company and our talent roster generate and produces original content which the Company monetizes through Google s AdSense service.
Revenue is variable and is earned when the visitor views or clicks through on the advertisement. The amount of revenue
earned is reported to the Company monthly and is recognized upon receipt of the report of viewership activity. Payment terms and conditions
vary, but payments are generally due within 30 to 45 days after the end of each month. 

The
Company grants exclusive licenses to customers for certain content produced by the Company s talent. The Company grants the customer
a license to the intellectual property, which is the content and its use in generating advertising revenues, for a pre-determined period,
for an amount paid by the customer, in most instances, upon execution of the contract. The Company s only performance obligation
is to license the content for use in generating advertising revenues, and recognizes the full contract amount at the point at which the
Company provides the customer access to the content, which is at the execution of the contract. The Company has no further performance
obligations under these types of contracts and does not anticipate generating any additional revenue from these arrangements apart from
the contract amount. 

Principal
Versus Agent Considerations 

A
significant amount of the Company s brand sponsorship and content revenues are generated from the Company s talent, who are
under multi-year contracts. The Company s talent consists of highly trained independent contractors, whose compensation is tied
to the revenue that they generate. Management has evaluated the terms of the Company s brand sponsorship and content agreements
and has concluded the Company is the principal. Brand sponsorship and content revenues are reported on a gross basis, while revenue-sharing
and other fees paid to the Company s talent are recorded as cost of revenues. The Company owns the brand and intellectual property,
takes primary responsibility for delivery of services, and exercises control over content generation and monetization. The Company contracts
directly with Google on its Company operated channels, and the talent contracts directly with Google on their own channels. As part of
the Company s contracts with its talent, the Company agrees to serve as the talent s management company as it relates to
specific type of work the talent may perform, including content creation and advertising revenue generated from the content. While the
talent owns the content they create while they are under contract with the Company, the talent grants the Company an exclusive perpetual
license to the content, and the Company grants limited usage rights of that content back to the talent, conditional upon them complying
with their contract. Furthermore, all income earned from services provided by the talent related to gaming, Esports, content creation,
or the business of the Company, which includes revenue from advertising via talent content, is subject to the talent agreement and is
payable to the Company. In addition, the Company s contracts with its talent specify rules and restrictions on the content the
talent can create and post. As such, through its contracts with talent, the Company is the principal because the Company is the entity
exercising primary control over the content generated in the YouTube channels being monetized. 

Consumer
Products 

The
Company earns consumer products revenue from sales of the Company s consumer products on the Company s website or at live
or virtual events. Revenues are recognized at a point in time, as control is transferred to the customer upon shipment. The Company offers
customer returns and discounts through a third-party distributor and accounts for this as a reduction to revenue. The Company does not
offer loyalty programs or other sales incentive programs that are material to revenue recognition. Payment is due at the time of sale.
The Company has outsourced the design, manufacturing, fulfillment, distribution, and sale of the Company s consumer products to
a third party in exchange for royalties based on the amount of revenue generated. Management evaluated the terms of the agreement to
determine whether the Company s consumer products revenues should be reported gross or net of royalties paid. Key indicators that
management evaluated in determining whether the Company is the principal in the sale (gross reporting) or an agent (net reporting) include,
but are not limited to: 

the
 Company is the party that is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide
 the specified good or service, 

the
 Company has inventory risk before the good is transferred to the customer, and 

the
 Company is the party that has discretion in establishing pricing for the specified good or
 service. 

Based
on management s evaluation of the above indicators, the Company reports consumer products revenues on a gross basis. 

50 

Esports 

League
Participation: Generally, the Company has one performance obligation to participate in the overall Esport event because
the underlying activities do not have standalone value absent the Company s participation in the tournament or event. Revenue from
prize winnings and profit-share agreements is variable and is highly uncertain. The Company recognizes revenue at the point in time when
the uncertainty is resolved. 

Player
Transfer Fees: Player transfer agreements include a fixed fee and may include a variable fee component. The Company recognizes the
fixed portion of revenue from transfer fees upon satisfaction of the Company s performance obligation, which coincides with the
execution of the related agreement. The variable portion of revenue is considered highly uncertain and is recognized at the point in
time when the uncertainty is resolved. 

Licensing
of Intellectual Property: The Company s licenses of intellectual property generate royalties that are recognized in accordance
with the royalty recognition constraint. Royalty revenue is recognized at the time when the sale occurs. 

Transaction
Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 

For
the estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied)
as of December 31, 2022, the Company applies the allowable practical expedient and does not disclose information about remaining performance
obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. Revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance
obligations that have original expected durations greater than one year that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as of December
31, 2022 were not material. 

Warrants 

The
Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and
Hedging. Warrants that meet the definition of a derivative financial instrument and the equity scope exception in ASC 815-10-15-74(a)
are classified as equity, and are not subject to remeasurement provided that the Company continues to meet the criteria for equity classification.
Warrants that are accounted for as equity-classified are further discussed in Note 9, Equity, of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements. Warrants that are classified as liabilities are accounted for at fair value and remeasured at each reporting date until exercise,
expiration, or modification that results in equity classification. Any change in the fair value of the warrants is recognized as change
in fair value of warrant liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The classification of warrants, including whether
warrants should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of liability-classified
warrants is determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model Black-Scholes model which includes Level 3 inputs
as further discussed in Note 7, Private Placement Warrants and Recurring Fair Value Measurements, of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
recognize the cost of stock-based awards granted to FaZe employees, directors, and nonemployee consultants based on the estimated grant-date
fair value of the awards. Cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, which is generally the vesting period
of the award. We have elected to recognize the effect of forfeitures in the period they occur. 

Based
on the early stage of our company s development and other relevant factors, we determined that an Option Pricing Model OPM was the most appropriate method for allocating FaZe s enterprise value to determine the estimated fair value of Common Stock. Application
of the OPM involves the use of estimates, judgment, and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding its
expected future revenue, expenses, and cash flows, discount rates, market multiples, the selection of comparable companies, and the probability
of future events. Specifically, we have historically used the back solve analysis to estimate the fair value of our Common Stock, which
derives the implied equity value for one type of equity security from a contemporaneous transaction involving another type of security
(shares of our preferred stock in this instance). 

The
estimates utilized in determining the grant date fair value for new awards are no longer necessary now that our shares are publicly traded.
The grant date fair value of our Common Stock was determined with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation specialist. 

We
specifically determine the fair value of FaZe stock options using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, which is impacted by
the following assumptions: 

Expected
 Term We use the simplified method when calculating the expected term due to insufficient
 historical exercise data. 

Expected
 Volatility As our stock has recently become publicly traded, the volatility is based
 on a benchmark of comparable companies within our peer group. 

Expected
 Dividend Yield The dividend rate used is zero as we have never paid cash dividends
 on our Common Stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. 

Risk-Free
 Interest Rate The interest rates used are based on the implied yield available on
 U.S. Treasury zero-coupon instrument with an equivalent remaining term equal to the expected
 life of the award. 

51 

Income
Taxes 

We
record a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations. In accordance with ASC 740, Income
Taxes, the provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the expected future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities due to a change in tax rates is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We evaluate deferred tax assets each period for recoverability.
For those assets that do not meet the threshold of more likely than not that they will be realized in the future, a valuation
allowance is recorded. We have considered our history of cumulative tax and book losses incurred since inception, and other positive
and negative evidence, and have concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits of the net deferred
tax assets as of December 31, 2022 or as of December 31, 2021. 

We
report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense, if applicable income tax returns
remain open for examination by applicable authorities, generally three years from filing for federal and four years for state. We would
classify interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as income tax expense, if applicable. There was no interest expense
or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits recorded through December 31, 2022. 

Recently
Adopted and Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, for recently adopted accounting
pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements that may have an impact on future results but that have not yet adopted
as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. 

Emerging
Growth Company Accounting Election 

Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth
companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. We are an emerging growth
company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. This may make it difficult to compare our financial results with the financial results of other public
companies that are either not emerging growth companies or emerging growth companies that have chosen not to take advantage of the extended
transition period. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our
inception. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

52 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: # F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

FaZe Holdings Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of FaZe Holdings Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Changes in Accounting Principles 

As discussed
in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842), as amended, effective January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective approach. 

As discussed
in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company also changed its reporting of certain talent costs and amortization of talent acquisition
costs effective January 1, 2021, using the retrospective approach . 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 4, 2023 

F- 2 

FaZe
Holdings Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(in
thousands, except shares) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Contract
 assets 

Inventory 

Content
 asset, net 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Restricted
 cash 

Property,
 equipment and leasehold improvements, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Other
 long-term assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE
 EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

LIABILITIES: 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Short-term
 debt 

Contract
 liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities, current 

Other
 current liabilities 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-term
 debt, net of discounts (Note 5) 

Warrant
 liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total
 Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 11) 

MEZZANINE
 EQUITY: 

Series A preferred stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, share and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT): 

Preferred stock, par value; shares of the Company s preferred stock authorized at December 31, 2022; share of the Company s preferred stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Common stock, par value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares of common stock authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares of common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

FaZe
Holdings Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

in
thousands, except shares and per-share information) 

Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Cost
 of revenues 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses: 

General
 and administrative 

Sales
 and marketing 

Impairment
 of content assets 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 expense: 

Interest
 expense, net 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss
 on debt extinguishment 

Other,
 net 

Total
 other expense: 

Net
 loss 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

FaZe
Holdings Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(in
thousands, except shares and per-share information) 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at
 December 31, 2020 

Issuance
 of common stock options and stock option reprice 

Issuance
 of restricted stock awards 

Issuance
 of common stock 

Issuance
 of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock awards 

Exercise of stock option 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 

Stock
 based compensation expense 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with litigation settlement 

Issuance
 of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock awards 

Exercise of stock option 

Exercise
 of common and preferred warrants 

Conversion
 of preferred stock to FaZe common stock 

Conversion
 of convertible debt to FaZe common stock 

Issuance of earn-out shares 

Conversion
 of B Riley Class B stock to FaZe common stock 

Recapitalization
 transaction, net of equity issuance costs 

Proceeds
 from PIPE offerings 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

FaZe
Holdings Inc. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Bad
 debt expense 

Additions
 to content asset 

Depreciation
 amortization expense 

Amortization
 of operating lease right of use assets 

Content
 asset impairments 

Stock-based
 compensation expense 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Non-cash
 interest expense 

Loss
 on debt extinguishment 

Other 

Change
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Contract
 assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Contract
 liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

NET
 CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase
 of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase
 of intangible assets 

Issuance
 of note receivable 

NET
 CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payments
 of loan principal 

Proceeds
 from issuance of loans payable 

Proceeds
 from issuance of convertible debt 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with exercise of stock options 

Payments
 of transaction fees by Legacy FaZe 

Proceeds
 from recapitalization of B. Riley 150, net of B. Riley 150 redemptions and transaction costs 

Proceeds
 from PIPE offering 

Proceeds
 from exercise of preferred and common warrants 

Short-term
 debt 

Payment
 of debt issuance costs 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN
 CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

Cash
 and restricted cash at beginning of period 

CASH
 AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

RECONCILIATION
 TO CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

Cash 

Restricted
 cash 

Cash
 and restricted cash 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE FOR OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash
 paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE FOR NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with litigation settlement 

Capitalization
 of deferred transaction costs included in accounts payable 

Purchase
 of property, plant and equipment in accrued expenses 

Conversion
 of convertible notes and accrued interest into common stock under original contractual terms 

Conversion
 of redeemable convertible preferred stock to common stock pursuant to Business Combination 

Issuance of earnout shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 6 

FAZE
HOLDINGS INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 7 

General and administrative 

Gross profit 

F- 8 

million to write off the entire carrying value of content asset. As such, the Company has no content asset
balance as of December 31, 2022. Content asset balance as of December 31, 2021 was million. 

F- 9 

million and million as revenue that was relating to the contract liability balance
as of January 1, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Content 

Consumer products 

Esports 

Other 

Total revenue 

F- 10 

F- 11 

F- 12 

F- 13 

million
and million of revenue, respectively, earned outside of the United States. 

F- 14 

million and lease liabilities of million for operating leases
on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease
term and lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The standard did not
materially impact the Company s consolidated statement of operations and consolidated statement of cash flows. 

F- 15 

F- 16 

Computer equipment 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Subtotal 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property, equipment
 and leasehold improvements, net 

million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company disposed of certain leasehold improvements that were fully depreciated at the time of disposal, and there was no
gain or loss on disposal. 

years 

Talent acquisition 
 2 3 years 

Intangible assets, net 

F- 17 

years 

Talent acquisition 
 2 3 years 

Intangible assets, net 

million and million for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total future amortization of amortizable intangible
 assets 

million of intangible assets, that were fully amortized from intangible assets
and accumulated amortization, and there was no gain or loss on the removal. The Company did not have any fully amortized intangible assets
as of December 31, 2022. 

Private Placement Warrants with an exercise price of per share. The Private
Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, as described in Note 9, Equity, except that the Private Placement Warrants (including
the common stock underlying the Private Placement Warrants) were not transferable, assignable or salable until August 18, 2022 and they
are not redeemable by the Company for cash so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sponsor, or its
permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants
are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants can be redeemable by the Company
in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Upon the Closing of the Business
Combination, the Company has determined that the Private Placement Warrants are classified as liabilities and marked to market at each
reporting period. 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

F- 18 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 

Total 

2021 Convertible Promissory Notes 

2020 Secured Convertible Promissory Note 

2020 Convertible Promissory Notes 

2020 PPP Loan 

Other loans 

Total principal amount
 outstanding 

million. The maturity date is the earliest of 

million minus the then outstanding debt of Legacy FaZe in excess of 
million, divided by the total number of shares of capital stock of Legacy FaZe then currently issued and outstanding, calculated on an
as-exercised, as-converted, fully diluted basis, but excluding (a) shares of capital stock of Legacy FaZe issuable upon the conversion
of the note, and (b) shares of capital stock issuable upon conversion of other convertible notes or indebtedness then outstanding. 

F- 19 

per annum
and are secured against substantially all assets of Legacy FaZe. 

million of Legacy FaZe s 2021 Cox Convertible Promissory Notes
with million accrued interest were converted into shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to original contractual
terms and derecognized at the carrying amount of the debt. 

million. For each note issued, the maturity date is the second anniversary of the date of the
Purchase Agreement. The conversion price is equal to of the price per share sold in a preferred stock financing, provided the price
is subject to adjustment in the event Legacy FaZe s enterprise value is greater than million on that date. 

per annum
and are subordinate and junior in right of payment to any senior indebtedness of Legacy FaZe. 

million of Legacy FaZe s 2021 Convertible Promissory Notes with
 accrued interest were converted into shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to original contractual terms
and derecognized at the carrying amount of the debt. 

million, to the investors. Legacy FaZe issued Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes to the investors for a total of million. 

million expiring in June 2022 CPH Right ). The CPH Right has an anti-dilution feature and survives beyond a change-in-control
event, including a merger transaction with a special purpose acquisition company. Legacy FaZe settled the accrued interest through February
1, 2022 and the CPH Right for and shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, issuable upon the close
of the Merger. The accrued interest after February 1, 2022 was paid in cash. The common stock and cash for accrued interest and the common
stock for the CPH Right was settled upon close of the Merger on July 19, 2022. 

F- 20 

of either 

per annum
and are secured against substantially all assets of Legacy FaZe. 

million. Subsequent to the execution of the Merger Agreement, in November
and December 2021, Legacy FaZe entered into consent letters with each of the 2020 Convertible Promissory Note Holders wherein each note
was converted into a number of shares of Legacy FaZe s common stock immediately prior to the Merger. 

F- 21 

million in a single advance Initial
Term Loan ). Upon receipt of a borrowing notice from Legacy FaZe to B. Riley Lender in April 2022, B. Riley Lender issued Legacy
FaZe a second advance of million Final Term Loan ). The maturity date is the Closing Date of the Merger Agreement. 

per annum, compounded quarterly, with such interest accrued on the last business
day of each calendar quarter, and shall be paid in cash on the maturity date and is secured against substantially all assets of Legacy
FaZe. 

million 2022 B. Riley Term Loan and million
of accrued interest with the proceeds of the Merger. 

million and million, respectively, includes million and 
million of amortization of debt issuance costs, respectively. 

F- 22 

shares of Legacy FaZe preferred stock authorized for issuance with a par value of per share as of December
31, 2021 and prior to the Closing of the Business Combination. 

shares
of preferred stock with a par value of . 

shares of Legacy FaZe s preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. As a result of the
Business Combination, shares of Legacy FaZe s preferred stock outstanding as of the Closing Date were converted into
shares of Legacy FaZe s common stock on a one-to-one basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no shares of preferred stock
issued and outstanding. 

shares of Legacy FaZe common stock authorized for issuance with a par value of per share as of December
31, 2021 and prior to the Closing of the Business Combination. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. 

of common stock and shares of Legacy FaZe s common stock issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

of the sum of i) the total number of the Company s common stock issued
and outstanding as of immediately after the Closing and ii) the total number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the
product of the total number of net vested company option shares calculated as of immediately prior to the Closing and the Equity Value
Exchange Ratio were issued and is subject to vesting and forfeiture conditions upon reaching certain volume-weighted average price VWAP per share during the period commencing 90 days after the Closing Date and ending five years after the Closing Date Earn-out Period ).
Among other things further disclosed in the Merger Agreement, if the following events Trigger Event occurs on or before
the five-year anniversary of the Business Combination: 

for any 20 trading days within any period of 30 consecutive trading days, one-third First Target Earn- Out Shares shall immediately vest and no longer be subject to the forfeiture conditions; 

for any 20 trading days within any period of 30 consecutive trading days, one-third Second Target Earn-Out Shares shall immediately vest and no longer be subject to the forfeiture conditions; 

F- 23 

for any 20 trading days within any period of 30 consecutive trading days, one-third Third Target Earn-Out Shares shall immediately vest and no longer be subject to the forfeiture conditions; 

sponsor shares shall be fully vested and (y) an aggregate of sponsor shares (the Sponsor
Earn-Out Shares shall be subject to vesting or forfeiture, during the Earn-out Period, at the event the Trigger Event mentioned
above occurs. 

Public Warrants issued and outstanding in connection with the initial public offering
of B. Riley 150 with an exercise price of per share. The Public Warrants became exercisable 30 days after the Business Combination.
Each whole share of the warrant is exercisable for one share of the Company s common stock. 

per warrant upon at least 30 days prior written notice of redemption
given after the warrants become exercisable, if the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as
adjusted for stock dividends, sub-divisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
day period commencing after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of
redemption to the warrant holders. Upon issuance of a redemption notice by the Company, the warrant holders may, at any time after the
redemption notice, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis. 

Public Warrants remain outstanding. 

F- 24 

shares of common stock, par value per share, reserved for issuance pursuant to awards
that may be granted under OIP. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s common stock are subject to restricted
stock award. 

shares of the Company s common stock has
been reserved for issuance or transfer pursuant to rights granted under the ESPP Aggregate Number ). The Aggregate Number
represents of the aggregate number of shares of the Company s fully diluted shares outstanding immediately after the Closing
and is subject to increase each year over a ten-year period. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock available for issuance
under ESPP shall not exceed shares. The ESPP will be implemented through a series of offerings of purchase rights to eligible
employees. Each eligible employee may authorize payroll deductions at a minimum of up to a maximum of on a pro rate basis for
each pay period during an offering. Under the ESPP, the Company s Board may designate the period of each offering but no offering
shall exceed 27 months in duration. Unless otherwise determined, the offering shall be for a purchase period of 6 months, beginning on
the offering date and ending on the exercise date. The purchase price for each share shall be of the fair market value of the Company s
common stock on the offering date or the exercise date, whichever is less. As of December 31, 2022, no awards have been granted under
this plan. 

shares of Legacy
FaZe common stock, which is equivalent to shares of the Company s common stock calculated using the Equity Value Exchange
Ratio. As of December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s common stock are issuable upon the vesting and exercise of stock
options originally granted under the Legacy FaZe Plan, and shares of the Company s common stock are subject to restricted
stock awards originally granted under the Legacy FaZe Plan. 

F- 25 

2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Amended 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

Restricted stock awards 

Total stock based compensation expense 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 
 Expired or forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nonvested on September 30, 2022 

million during the year ended
December 31, 2022, which is included in general and administrative expenses. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense
related to options issued and vesting of million during the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in general and administrative
expenses. 

F- 26 

and options, respectively. 

Granted 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

-

Expired or forfeited 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

and warrants, respectively. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 

Nonvested December 31, 2022 

million and million during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses. 

and RSAs, respectively. 

F- 27 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 

Nonvested December 31, 2022 

million and during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in general and administrative expenses. 

and RSUs, respectively. 

million
and million, respectively. Rent expense is included in general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Scheduled rent increases, if any, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Total lease costs 

F- 28 

Total right of use asset 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities short term 

Operating lease liabilities
 long term 

Total lease liability 

Weighted average discount rate operating
 leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 
 -

Total minimum lease payment 

million
for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company paid million of the severance payments to Mr. Selkoe in 2021. In May 2022, the
Company made a payment of million for the remainder of the balance. 

F- 29 

million to Adult Use and Zola in connection with alleged funding to the Company of CA million
by Bridging Finance Group. On December 21, 2020, the Company brought counterclaims against Adult Use, Zola, and their principals Adam
Salman and Igor Gimelshtein. On May 14, 2021, the Company applied for summary disposition of the claim for CA million brought by Adult
Use and Zola. On August 4, 2021, the arbitrator granted the Company s application and issued a Partial Final Award dismissing Adult
Use s and Zola s claim. The United States District Court for the Southern District of New York subsequently affirmed the
Partial Final Award and its dismissal of Adult Use s and Zola s claims against the Company in a decision issued September
28, 2022. On November 8 and November 11, 2022, the arbitrator held hearings in connection with the Company s counterclaims. 
On December 23, 2022, the Company filed an application for costs and attorneys fees. The Company does not believe a material loss
is probable at this time. As result, the Company has not recorded a reserve with respect to this litigation. 

million,
plus payment of million in bonus compensation. Subsequent to December 31, 2021, as a result of arbitration proceedings, . The Company recorded a legal accrual for million as of December 31, 2021. The initial
payment of million was made in the first quarter of 2022. The outstanding balance was settled as of the third quarter of 2022. 

million payable in a combination of cash and common stock to settle Ms. Butler s claim. The Company recorded a legal accrual
for million as of December 31, 2021. The outstanding balance was settled as of the third quarter of 2022. 

million as of December 31, 2020. In October 2021, the Company entered into
a settlement agreement with Treschow-Fritzoe AS and adjusted its legal accrual to million as of December 31, 2021. The Company paid
 million in April 2022. 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

fully vested warrants in which common shares were issuable for little
to no consideration outstanding as of the Closing Date and for the year ended December 31, 2021. These warrants were exercised during
the Business Combination. The Company considered these warrants outstanding in the context of basic loss per share and included these
warrants in the weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding for the period until converted. 

F- 30 

Public Warrants 

Private Placement Warrants 

Seller Earn-out 

Sponsor Earn-out Shares 

Legacy FaZe preferred warrant 

Unvested restricted stock award 

Stock options 

Total potentially dilutive common stock equivalents 

Foreign 

Income / (Loss) before income taxes 

State 

Foreign 

Total Current 

Deferred 

US Federal 

US State 

Foreign 

Total Deferred 

Total Provision / (Benefit) 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent Items 

162(m) Limitations 

Equity Compensation 

Deferred Adjustments 

Return to provision adjustments 

Nondeductible Loss on Debt Extinguishment 

Increase/(decrease) in valuation reserve 

Effective income tax rate 

F- 31 

Capitalized Sec. 174 Costs 

Equity based compensation 

Accruals 

Lease Liability 

Nondeductible Interest Carryover 

Deferred Rent 

Deferred Revenue 

Fixed Assets 

Other 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Less: Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net 

Deferred tax Liabilities: 

Right of Use Asset 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred taxes 

million, primarily due to
net operating losses that were generated in the current year. 

million and million respectively, which may be available
to reduce future taxable income. 

million and million respectively, which may be available to offset future income
tax liabilities and expire at various dates through 2038. 

F- 32 

to Snoop Dogg,
(ii) to Cordell Broadus, (iii) to Boss Lady Entertainment and (iv) to SMAC Entertainment, each of which will
vest as follows: (x) one-third on August 17, 2022, (y) one-third in monthly installments through February 17, 2023 and (z) one-third
in monthly installments through February 17, 2024. In addition, FaZe agreed to consider in good faith further equity bonuses and committed
 in value for community outreach, including for the Snoop Youth Football League, scholarships or other charitable causes. 

million. 

per share (the Common
Stock ), failed to comply with the minimum bid price required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid price of the Common Stock for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of
the Letter. The notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Common Stock or warrants, and the Common Stock and warrants will
continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols FAZE and FAZEW, respectively. 

per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business
days at any time prior to the Compliance Date, unless the Staff exercises its discretion to extend this ten-day period pursuant to Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(H). 

F- 33 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our
management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under
the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the identification of two material weakness in our internal controls over financial
reporting relating to the following: Inadequate design of information technology (IT) general and application controls resulting from
inappropriate access given to certain individuals within finance, including the Chief Financial Officer and Controller; lack of adequate
segregation of duties within a significant account of processes; and lack of adequate and timely review of accounts and reconciliations
resulting in material audit adjustments and significant post-closing adjustments. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of this material
weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for designing, implementing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over
time. 

53 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officers and principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the
criteria related to internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation, management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses described
above. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 covered by this
Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting, except as described below. In light of the material weaknesses discussed above, we are enhancing our processes to identify
and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards
that apply to our financial statements. Our remediation plans and the steps taken at this time include hiring experienced personnels,
providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel
and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until these modifications are implemented, in operation for a sufficient period
of time, tested, and concluded by management to be designed and operating effectively. In addition, as we continue to evaluate and work
to improve our internal control over financial reporting, management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies
or determine to modify our remediation plan. Management will test and evaluate the implementation of these modifications to ascertain
whether they are designed and operating effectively to provide reasonable assurance that they will prevent or detect a material misstatement
in the Company s financial statements. 

Attestation
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting, as such report is not required due to our status as an emerging growth company. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

54 

PART
III. 

Item
10. Director, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this item will be included in our proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC, within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), and is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information
relating to the ownership of our securities by certain beneficial owners and our management and related stockholder matters will be included
in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan
 category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Business Combinations, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fee and Services 

The
information required by this item will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

55 

PART
IV. 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

See
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements as Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto under Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report are listed in the index to exhibits immediately preceding such exhibits, which index to
exhibits is incorporated herein by reference. 

56 

Exhibit
Index 

Exhibit No. 

2.1 
 
 Merger
 Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2021, by and among B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., BRPM Merger Sub, Inc. and FaZe Clan Inc.
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the
 SEC on June 21, 2022). 

2.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 29, 2021, by and among B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., BRPM Merger Sub,
 Inc., and FaZe Clan Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047),
 filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

2.3 
 
 Amendment
 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 10, 2022, by and among B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., BRPM Merger Sub,
 Inc., and FaZe Clan Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 of BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047),
 filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Second
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FaZe Holdings Inc., dated as of July 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of FaZe Holdings Inc., dated as of July 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Common Stock Certificate of FaZe Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of BRPM s Registration Statement on
 Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

4.2 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated February 18, 2021, by and between B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of BRPM s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC
 on February 23, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s
 Securities. 

10.1+ 
 
 FaZe
 Holdings, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

10.2+ 
 
 FaZe
 Holdings, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp. and the undersigned subscriber party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 19, 2022, by and among FaZe Holdings Inc., B. Riley Principal 150 Sponsor
 Co., LLC and certain stockholders of FaZe Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

57 

10.6 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of October 24, 2021, by and among B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., B. Riley Principal 150 Sponsor Co. LLC, and FaZe Clan Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

10.7 
 
 Backstop
 Assignment and Release Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, by and among B. Riley Principal 150 Merger Corp., B. Riley Principal
 150 Sponsor Co., LLC, and FaZe Clan, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form
 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 22, 2022). 

10.8+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2019, by and between FaZe Clan Inc. and Lee Trink (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of BRPM s
 Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2021 (as amended on April 18, 2022), by and between FaZe Clan Inc. and Kainoa Henry (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.16 of BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21,
 2022). 

10.11+ 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement between FaZe Holdings Inc. and Kainoa Henry, dated November 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 28, 2022). 

10.12+ 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 23, 2022, by and between FaZe Clan Inc. and Zach Katz (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.17 of BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

10.13+ 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated as of August 25, 2022, by and between FaZe Holdings Inc. and Christoph Pachler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 30, 2022). 

10.15+ 
 
 Advisory
 Agreement between FaZe Holdings Inc. and Tamara Brandt, dated January 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023). 

10.16 
 
 Collaboration
 Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and among FaZe Clan Inc., Spanky s Clothing Inc. (f/s/o Calvin Snoop Dogg 
 Broadus Jr.), Cordell Broadus, Boss Lady Entertainment and SMAC Entertainment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of Amendment
 No. 6 to BRPM s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

10.17 
 
 Form
 of FaZe Talent Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Amendment No. 6 to BRPM s Registration Statement on
 Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-262047), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 

18.1 
 
 Preferability Letter from Marcum LLP 

58 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm of Faze Holdings Inc. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer and Chief Operating Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial
 Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear
 in the Interactive Data File because iXBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
 in Exhibit 101). 

Certain schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with
 Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby agrees to hereby furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted schedules to the
 SEC upon request. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ 
 Indicates a management or compensatory plan. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

59 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FAZE HOLDINGS INC. 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Lee Trink 

Name: 
 Lee Trink 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Christoph Pachler 

Name: 
 Christoph Pachler 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Shribman 

Name: 
 Daniel Shribman 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Angela Dalton 

Name: 
 Angela Dalton 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bruce Gordon 

Name: 
 Bruce Gordon 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mickie Rosen 

Name: 
 Mickie Rosen 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Nick Lewin 

Name: 
 Nick Lewin 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ross Levinsohn 

Name: 
 Ross Levinsohn 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: April 4, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Andre Fernandez 

Name: 
 Andre Fernandez 

Title: 
 Director 

60 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_fazehold.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following summary of certain material terms of FaZe Holdings Inc. us, our, we, FaZe 
or the Company securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities. You
should refer to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter and Amended and Restated Bylaws
(the Bylaws and the Warrant Agreement, dated February, 18, 2021 (the Warrant Agreement ), between Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and the Company, each previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual
Report ). The summary below is also qualified by reference to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ),
as applicable. 

As
of the date of the Annual Report, the Company has the following classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):(i) common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock );
and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Warrants ). 

Authorized
Capital Stock 

Our
Charter authorizes the issuance of 501,000,000 shares, of which 500,000,000 shares will be shares of Common Stock, and 1,000,000 shares
will be shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights 

Each
holder of Common Stock is entitled to cast one vote per share, as provided by the Charter. The Bylaws provide that an action is approved
by FaZe stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker non-votes),
while directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast. Holders of Common Stock are not entitled to cumulate their votes in the
election of directors. 

Dividend
Rights 

Each
holder of Common Stock is entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions (based on the number of shares of Common Stock
held) as may be declared by the FaZe Board of Directors (the FaZe Board out of FaZe s assets or funds legally available
for dividends and other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of FaZe preferred stock, if
any, and any contractual limitations on FaZe s ability to declare and pay dividends. 

Liquidation,
Dissolution and Winding Up 

If
FaZe is involved in a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of FaZe s affairs or a similar event, each
holder of Common Stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution
rights of FaZe preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. 

Other
Matters 

Holders
of shares of Common Stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
FaZe Board is authorized to issued shares of FaZe preferred stock from time to time in one or more series, each such series to have such
terms as stated or expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the creation and issuance of such series. 

Warrants 

Our
outstanding Warrants may be exercisable for one share of Common Stock pursuant to the terms provided for therein. The Warrants are issued
in registered form under the Warrant Agreement. You should review a copy of the Warrant Agreement for a complete description of the terms
and conditions applicable to the Warrants. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent
of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, and that all other modifications or amendments will require the
vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants (as defined herein) and, solely with respect
to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants (as defined herein), a majority of the then outstanding Private Placement
Warrants. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
Warrant Agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act but does not
apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole
and exclusive forum. 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

As
of the date of the Annual Report, there were an aggregate of 5,750,000 Warrants outstanding that were included in the units issued in
our initial public offering (the Public Warrants ). Each whole Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share
of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below. The warrants will expire on July
19, 2027, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption. 

FaZe
will not be obligated to deliver any Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Common Stock underlying the Warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to FaZe s satisfying its obligations described below with respect to registration.
No Warrant will be exercisable and FaZe will not be obligated to issue a share of Common Stock upon exercise of a Warrant unless the
share of Common Stock issuable upon such Warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the Warrants. 

In
the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a Warrant, the holder of such
Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will FaZe
be required to net cash settle any Warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised Warrants, the
purchaser of a unit containing such Warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Common Stock
underlying such unit. 

Notwithstanding
the above, if the shares Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, FaZe may, at its option,
require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event FaZe so elects, FaZe will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement, and in the event FaZe does not so elect, FaZe will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants when the price per share of FaZe common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 

FaZe
may call the Warrants for redemption for cash: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption
 period ); and 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as
 adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like)
 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior
 to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrantholders. 

2 

FaZe
will not redeem the Warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Common Stock is available
throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if
there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such Warrants. 

We
have established the 18.00 redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call
a significant premium to the Warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and FaZe issues a notice of redemption
of the Warrants, each warrantholder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its Warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However,
the price of the Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the Warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its Warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of Warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of our
Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of Warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their
Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares
of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) of the Common
Stock over the exercise price of the Warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average
reported last sale price of the Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of redemption is sent to the holders of Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain
the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the Warrants, including the
 fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued
and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a Warrant redemption. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, or by a split-up
of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding
shares of Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Common Stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price
less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the
number of shares of Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights
offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of
Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for
securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Common Stock, there will be taken into
account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair
market value means the volume weighted average price of Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the
trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market,
regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Common Stock on account of such shares of Common Stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which
the Warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above or (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, then the Warrant exercise price
will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of
any securities or other assets paid on each share of Common Stock in respect of such event. 

3 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant will be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the Warrant exercise
price will be adjusted by multiplying the Warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator
of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment,
and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely
affects the par value of such shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or
reorganization of our outstanding shares of Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity
of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the Warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the
rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such
reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder
of the Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their Warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of
the consideration receivable by the holders of Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Common Stock in the successor
entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to
be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the Warrant properly exercises the
Warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the Warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in
the Warrant Agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the Warrant. The purpose of such exercise
price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise
period of the Warrants pursuant to which the holders of the Warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Warrants
in order to determine and realize the option value component of the Warrant. This formula is to compensate the Warrant holder for the
loss of the option value portion of the Warrant due to the requirement that the warrantholder exercise the Warrant within 30 days of
the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an
instrument is available. 

A
holder of a Warrant may notify FaZe in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder)
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Private
Placement Warrants 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, there were 173,333 warrants outstanding that were issued as part of the private placement units purchased
by the Sponsor (as defined herein) at the time of our initial public offering (the Private Placement Warrants ). Except
as described above, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants. The
Private Placement Warrants will not be redeemable by FaZe for cash so long as they are held by B. Riley Principal 150 Sponsor Co., LLC
(the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private
Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by FaZe in all redemptions scenarios and exercisable by the holders on
the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

4 

Redemption
Procedures with respect to Public Warrants 

In
the event that FaZe determined to redeem the Public Warrants, holders of our redeemable Warrants would be notified of such redemption
as described in our Warrant Agreement. Specifically, we would be required to fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date ).
Notice of redemption would be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than 30 days prior to the Redemption
Date to the registered holders of the Warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they appear on the registration books. Any notice
mailed in the manner provided in the Warrant Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the registered
holder received such notice. In addition, beneficial owners of the redeemable Warrants will be notified of such redemption via FaZe s
posting of the redemption notice to DTC. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

The
Charter provides that the FaZe Board is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms. 

Any
vacancies on the FaZe Board resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, retirement, removal or other causes and any newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors will be filled exclusively by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (other than any directors elected by the
separate vote of one or more outstanding series of FaZe preferred stock), and will not be filled by FaZe stockholders. Any director appointed
in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office until the expiration of the term of the class to which such director shall
have been appointed or until his or her earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal. 

Exclusive
Forum 

The
Charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless FaZe otherwise consents in writing, the Court of Chancery (the
 Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal
district for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of FaZe, (2) any action asserting a claim
of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or any other wrongdoing by, any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder
of the Company, (3) any action asserting a claim against FaZe arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Charter or the Bylaws,
or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery, (4) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity
of any provisions of the Charter or the Bylaws, or (5) any other action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any
action, suit or proceeding asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act; however, there is uncertainty as to whether
a court would enforce such provision, and investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to
enforce any cause of action arising by the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe these provisions would benefit us by providing increased
consistency in the application of applicable law in the types of lawsuits to which they apply, these provisions may have the effect of
discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of the Charter, the Bylaws and Applicable Law 

Certain
provisions of the Charter, Bylaws, and laws of the State of Delaware, where FaZe is incorporated, may discourage or make more difficult
a takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider in his or her best interest. These provisions may also adversely affect prevailing
market prices for the Common Stock. FaZe believes that the benefits of increased protection give FaZe the potential ability to negotiate
with the proponent of an unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure FaZe and outweigh the disadvantage of discouraging those proposals
because negotiation of the proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

5 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

Delaware
law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of Nasdaq, which would
apply if and so long as the Common Stock remains listed on Nasdaq, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to exceeding
20 of the then outstanding voting power or then outstanding number of shares of Common Stock. Additional shares that may be used in
the future may be issued for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional capital, or to facilitate
acquisitions. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Stock and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of FaZe by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger, or otherwise. 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 

The
Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate
candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders (but only if the election
of directors is a matter specified in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the person calling such special meeting).
The Bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions might preclude
our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions
may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of
directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Limitations
on Stockholder Action by Written Consent and on Calling Special Meetings of Stockholders 

The
Charter provides that, subject to the terms of any series of FaZe preferred stock, any actions required or permitted to be taken by the
stockholders of FaZe must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by written consent
in lieu of a meeting. The Charter further provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the FaZe Board, the
chairperson of the FaZe Board, and the Chief Executive Officer or President of FaZe, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special
meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling
a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

Amendment
of the Charter and Bylaws 

The
DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together a
single class, is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation, unless the certificate of incorporation requires
a greater percentage. 

The
Charter provides that it may be amended by FaZe in the manners provided therein or prescribed by statute. The Charter provides that the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of FaZe entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, will be required to amend or repeal, or adopt any provision
of the Charter providing for the capital stock of FaZe, amendment of the Charter, amendment of the Bylaws, board of directors, election
of directors, limitation of director liability, indemnification and special meetings of the stockholders. 

6 

If
any of the Common Stock shares are outstanding, FaZe will not, without the prior affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, in addition to any other vote required by applicable law or the Charter,
directly or indirectly, amend, alter, change, repeal, or adopt any provision of the Charter (1) in a manner that is inconsistent with,
or otherwise alters or changes, any of the voting, conversion, dividend, or liquidation provisions of the shares of Common Stock or other
rights, powers, preferences, or privileges of the shares of Common Stock. 

The
Charter also provides that the FaZe Board shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the Bylaws by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the directors present at any regular or special meeting of the FaZe Board at which a quorum is present in any manner not
inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or the Charter. The stockholders of FaZe are prohibited from adopting, amending,
altering, or repealing the Bylaws, or adopting any provision inconsistent with the Bylaws, unless such action is approved, in addition
to any other vote required by the Charter, by the requisite stockholder consent. 

Business
Combinations 

Under
Section 203 of the DGCL, a corporation will not be permitted to engage in a business combination with any interested stockholder for
a period of three years following the time that such interested stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 

(1) prior
 to such time the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination
 or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

(2) upon
 consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
 stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation
 outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining
 the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested
 stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii)
 employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially
 whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

(3) at
 or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors
 and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent,
 by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not
 owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally,
a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to
the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that
person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of FaZe s outstanding voting
stock. For purposes of this section only, voting stock has the meaning given to it in Section 203 of the DGCL. 

Cumulative
Voting 

Under
Delaware law, the right to vote cumulatively does not exist unless the charter specifically authorizes cumulative voting. The Charter
does not authorize cumulative voting. 

Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

The
DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors of corporations and their stockholders for monetary
damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. The Charter includes a provision that eliminates
the personal liability of directors for damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director where, in civil proceedings, the person
acted in good faith and in a manner that person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of FaZe or, in criminal
proceedings, where the person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. 

The
Bylaws provide that FaZe must indemnify and advance expenses to FaZe s directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized
by the DGCL. FaZe also is expressly authorized to carry directors and officers liability insurance providing indemnification
for FaZe directors, officers, and certain employees for some liabilities. FaZe believes that these indemnification and advancement provisions
and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. 

The
limitation of liability, advancement and indemnification provisions in the Charter and the Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing
lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of
derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit FaZe and its
stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent FaZe pays the costs of settlement and damage awards
against directors and officer pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

7 

There
is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of FaZe s directors, officers, or employees for which indemnification
is sought. 

Dissenters 
Rights of Appraisal and Payment 

Under
the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of FaZe. Pursuant
to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have
the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 

Stockholders 
Derivative Actions 

Under
the DGCL, any of FaZe s stockholders may bring an action in FaZe s name to procure a judgment in FaZe s favor, also
known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of FaZe s shares at the time
of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. 

Transfer
Agent, Warrant Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for FaZe capital stock and the warrant agent for the Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company. 

Listing
of Common Stock and Warrants 

The
shares of Common Stock and Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols FAZE and FAZEW, respectively. 

8 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-18.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex18-1_fazehold.htm
 PREFERABILITY LETTER FROM MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 18.1 

April 4, 2023 

The Board of Directors 

 FaZe Holdings Inc. 

Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements of FaZe Holdings Inc. included in its annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 describes a
change in accounting policy for presentation of certain talent costs and amortization of talent acquisition costs. There are no authoritative
criteria for determining a preferable method based on the particular circumstances, however, we conclude that such change
in the accounting policy is to an acceptable alternative method, which based on your business judgment to make this change and for the
stated reasons, is preferable in your circumstances. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 Costa Mesa, California 

</EX-18.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_fazehold.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of FaZe Holdings Inc. 

Legal Name 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 FaZe Clan Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 LA Peripherals Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-1_fazehold.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM OF FAZE HOLDINGS INC

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement of FaZe Holdings, Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 333-267756) of our report dated April 4, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of FaZe Holdings, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FaZe Holdings, Inc. for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our report on the consolidated financial statements
refers to a change in the reporting for certain talent costs and amortization of talent acquisition costs. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

 Costa Mesa, California 

 April 4, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_fazehold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lee Trink, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FaZe Holdings
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986
and 33-8392/49313); 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 4, 2023 

/s/ Lee Trink 

Lee Trink 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_fazehold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Christoph Pachler, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FaZe Holdings
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986
and 33-8392/49313); 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 4, 2023 

/s/ Christoph Pachler 

Christoph Pachler 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_fazehold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form
10-K of FaZe Holdings Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lee Trink, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

April 4, 2023 

/s/ Lee Trink 

Lee Trink 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_fazehold.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form
10-Kof FaZe Holdings Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christoph Pachler, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

April 4, 2023 

/s/ Christoph Pachler 

Christoph Pachler 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 faze-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 faze-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 faze-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 faze-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 faze-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

