<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1102942_0001493152-23-012616.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4421780</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>219961</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>988619</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1225033</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>865660</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1019136</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012616.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417172856
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012616
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			InnovaQor, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001102942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				880436055
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33191
		FILM NUMBER:		23824897

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 SOUTH AUSTRALIAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(514) 274-1115

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 SOUTH AUSTRALIAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VisualMED Clinical Solutions Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VisualMED Clinical Systems Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANCONA MINING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012616.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to ______ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive office) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicated by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the shares of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30,
2022 , the last business day of the Registrant s last completed second quarter, based upon the closing price of 0.0044 per
share as reported by the OTC Pink on such date was .
This computation is based on the number of issued and outstanding shares held by persons other than officers, directors and
shareholders of 5 or more of the registrant s common stock. 

As
of April 4, 2023, shares of common stock are issued, and outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item No. 
 
 Page
 No. 

PART I 

1 
 Business 
 3 
 
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 2 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 23 
 
 6 
 Reserved 
 24 
 
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 30 
 
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 
 31 
 
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 32 
 
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 
 9B 
 Other Items 
 32 
 
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 32 

PART III 

10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 37 
 
 14 
 Principal Accounting and Fees and Services 
 38 

PART IV 

15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 
 
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 39 

SIGNATURES 
 40 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Report contains predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, 
 expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, 
 potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

Forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this Annual Report. You should
read this Report and the documents that we have filed as exhibits to this Report completely and with the understanding that our actual
future results may be materially different from what we expect. 

All
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to
reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made, except as required by federal securities
and any other applicable law. 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

InnovaQor,
Inc., a Nevada corporation InnovaQor or the Company ), provides information technology solutions and services
to healthcare and laboratory customers in the United States. Our goal is to develop and deliver a technology-based medical professional s
network communication platform to a broad range of healthcare professionals and businesses using a subscription revenue model with
added value bolt on services. The Company, through an acquisition that closed on June 25, 2021, has a number of fully developed products
and services which it offers through six wholly owned subsidiaries that provide medical support services primarily to clinical laboratories,
corporate operations, rural hospitals, physician practices and behavioral health/substance abuse centers. 

The
Company has the following wholly owned subsidiaries, which it purchased on June 25, 2021: Health Technology Solutions, Inc., Medical
Mime, Inc., ClinLab, Inc., Advanced Molecular Services Group, Inc. AMSG ), Genomas, Inc. and CollabRx, Inc. These subsidiaries
provided products and services to 25 and 36 customers in the United States and generated 343,440 and 468,883 (including 191,517 and
 237,551 from a related party) in net revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Health
Technology Solutions, Inc. HTS ): HTS provides virtual chief information officer (vCIO), IT managed services and data analytics
dashboards to our subsidiaries and outside medical service providers. HTS operates from the corporate offices in West Palm Beach, Florida. 

Medical
Mime, Inc. Mime ): Mime was formed on May 9, 2014. It specializes in electronic health records (EHR) software and subscription
services for the behavioral health and rehabilitation market segments. It currently serves ten behavioral health/substance abuse facilities. 

ClinLab,
Inc. ClinLab ): ClinLab develops and markets laboratory information management systems to mid-size clinical laboratories.
It currently services eight clinical laboratories across the country. 

AMSG
owns CollabRx, Inc. CollabRx and Genomas, Inc. Genomas ), each of which is an inactive operation. 

Genomas
operated a diagnostics lab until December 31, 2019, and was focused solely on the pharmacogenomics technology and platform, MedTuning,
to interpret diagnostics outcomes and translate these outcomes into easily usable information to indicate the effectiveness of medications
for a patient. This solution would require minimum effort to be back in operation. CollabRx owns a technology platform and database for
interpreting diagnostics outcomes from cancer patients that could match the result to known treatments and or clinical trials. This solution
has been dormant for a number of years and to be viable in the marketplace will require updates to the technology and the database. 

Each
of the subsidiaries is wholly owned by the Company and complements each other, allowing for cross selling of products and services. The
Company believes the current solutions will become an added value option to a technology-based medical professional s network communication platform to
a broad range of healthcare professionals and businesses using a subscription revenue model with added value bolt on services the Company
plans to develop. 

In
the coming year we plan to develop, acquire, or license and offer a telehealth solution through corporate partnerships in the emerging
health technology sector. 

Cautionary
Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Statements contained herein that refer to
the Company s estimated or anticipated future results are forward-looking statements that reflect current perspectives of
existing trends and information as of the date of this filing. Forward-looking statements generally will be accompanied by words
such as anticipate, believe, plan, could, should, 
 estimate, expect, forecast, outlook, guidance, 
 intend may, might, will, possible, potential, 
 predict, project, or other similar words, phrases or expressions. Such forward-looking statements
include statements about the Company s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. It is important to note that the
Company s goals and expectations are not predictions of actual performance. Actual results may differ materially from the
Company s current expectations depending upon a number of factors affecting the Company s business. These risks and
uncertainties include those set forth under Risk Factors beginning on page 11, as well as, among others, business
effects, including the effects of industry, economic or political conditions outside of the Company s control; the inherent
uncertainty associated with financial projections; the anticipated size of the markets and demand for the Company s products
and services; the impact of competitive products and pricing; and access to available financing on a timely basis and on reasonable
terms. We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors that may affect future results is not exhaustive. 

3 

When
relying on forward-looking statements to make decisions with respect to the Company, investors and others should carefully consider the
foregoing factors and other uncertainties and potential events and read the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC for a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statement, except as may be required by law. The Company qualifies all forward-looking statements
by these cautionary statements. 

Company
History 

The
Company was originally incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 7, 1999, under the name Ancona Mining Corporation. The Company s
name was changed to VisualMED Clinical Solutions Corporation on November 30, 2004, from Ancona Mining Corporation. 

The
Company s name was changed to InnovaQor, Inc. on September 8, 2021, from VisualMED Clinical Solutions Corporation. VisualMED was
a medical information company that used technology to assist physicians and nurses streamline the mass of patient information in a coherent
and usable manner. Its clinical information systems were designed for use in hospitals, healthcare delivery organizations and regional
and national healthcare authorities. In response to changes in the marketplace, the Company then sought to take its applications originally
created for clinicians and make them available to patients and individuals concerned about their health. As part of this process the
Company partnered with various consultants to consider the medical applications, develop a marketing strategy and investigate how best
to transition its existing applications to upgraded versions, including integrating artificial intelligence for data assessment and outcomes.
With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, however, it became apparent that this business opportunity would require more capital, management
capability and time than what was available to the Company. 

In
late 2020, the majority of shareholders and the Board of Directors charged management of VisualMED to find a new business opportunity
for the Company that would allow it to leverage its healthcare, software and IT experience. At the beginning of 2021, the Company initiated
measures that would facilitate a new opportunity for the Company. Subsequently, in May 2021, then CEO Gerard Dab entered into an agreement
with and engaged the services of Epizon Limited Epizon ), a Nassau, Bahamas, based management consulting company specializing
in the provision of management services to secure financing and opportunities for growth. Seamus Lagan, the Chief Executive Officer of
Rennova Health, Inc. Rennova ), the company we ultimately completed a transaction with, is also the managing director of
Epizon. 

The
objective of the agreement with Epizon was to help VisualMED find a new opportunity in its core healthcare technology business. The Company
needed to find and develop new products that would be more relevant for a changing healthcare marketplace. Epizon was engaged to assist
VisualMED with its capital structure, and to look for new business opportunities and/or acquisitions that could result in improved shareholder
value. The terms of the agreement with Epizon called for the transfer to Epizon of 1,000 shares of Series A-1 Supermajority Voting Preferred
Stock (the Series A-1 Preferred Stock ), with a stated value of 10.00 each, personally owned by Gerard Dab, on the successful
completion of a transaction as defined in the agreement. It was determined that an agreement with Rennova was the most viable opportunity
available to VisualMED. The conditions of the Epizon agreement were met and the transfer of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock was
completed. This transfer resulted in a change of voting control of VisualMED, as the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, in the aggregate, has
the right to the number of votes equal to 51 of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting or to vote by written consent. As the owner
of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Epizon will be able to exercise control over all matters submitted for stockholder approval. 

In
May 2021, VisualMED entered into an acquisition agreement with Rennova to acquire certain subsidiaries owned by Rennova. This has been
accounted for as a reverse acquisition in the accompanying financial statements. 

On
June 25, 2021, VisualMED closed the acquisition agreement with Rennova. These subsidiaries are Health Technology Solutions, Inc., Medical
Mime, Inc., ClinLab, Inc., Advanced Molecular Services Group, Inc., Genomas, Inc. and CollabRx, Inc., and combined are referred to herein
as HTS and AMSG (the HTS Group ). 

Products
offered by the acquired entities include vCIO services, IT managed services, healthcare finance and operational business intelligence
analytics dashboards, an EHR (electronic health records software), an LIS (laboratory information system), and a lab ordering and reporting
software. The CollabRx and Genomas subsidiaries provided actionable data analytics and reporting for oncologists to enhance cancer diagnoses
and treatment and PhyzioType Systems for DNA-guided management and prescription of drugs, respectively. These subsidiaries are not currently
operating. 

4 

The
Company operates its subsidiaries under the following structure: 

In
consideration for the shares of HTS and AMSG and the elimination of inter-company debt between Rennova and HTS and AMSG, the Company
issued 14,000 shares of its Series B-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B-1 Preferred Stock to Rennova.
The number of shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock was subject to a post-closing adjustment which resulted in 950 additional shares of
Series B-1 Preferred Stock due Rennova which were issued in September 2021. Each share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock has a stated value
of 1,000 and is convertible into that number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the product of the stated value
divided by 90 of the average closing price of the common stock during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the conversion date.
Conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, however, is subject to the limitation that no conversion can be made to the extent the
holder s beneficial interest (as defined pursuant to the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock) in the common stock of the Company
would exceed 4.99 . The shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock may be redeemed by the Company upon payment of the stated value of the shares
plus any accrued declared and unpaid dividends. In addition, prior to the acquisition the Company s former CEO, Gerard Dab, forgave
 300,000 owed to him by the Company in exchange for the issuance of 1,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock. These shares of Series
A-1 Preferred Stock were subsequently transferred to Epizon. Mr. Dab also forgave another 200,000 owed to him from the Company in exchange
for 200 shares of Series C-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series C-1 Preferred Stock with each share having
a stated value of 1,000 and convertible into that number of shares of common stock equal to the product of the stated value divided
by 90 of the average closing price of the common stock during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the conversion date. Conversion
of the Series C-1 Preferred Stock is also subject to a similar 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation. Shares of the Series B-1 Preferred
Stock and Series C-1 Preferred Stock were not convertible prior to the first anniversary of their issuance without the consent of the
holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares, if any, of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock. Because these shares of Series B-1 Preferred
Stock and Series C-1 Preferred Stock are convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of common shares based solely
on a fixed dollar amount (stated value) known at issuance of the shares, they have been recorded as a long-term liability at the date
of issuance in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

The
following table represents the Company s issued shares at December 31, 2022: 

Common Shares 
 244,953,286 
 
 Series A-1 Preference Shares 
 1,000 
 
 Series B-1 Preference Shares 
 14,950 
 
 Series C-1 Preference Shares 
 225 

Subsidiaries 

The
Company has six wholly-owned subsidiaries that provide medical support services primarily to clinical laboratories, corporate operations,
rural hospitals, physician practices and behavioral health/substance abuse centers. 

Health
Technology Solutions, Inc. HTS ): HTS provides vCIO, IT managed services and data analytics dashboards to our subsidiaries
and outside medical service providers. HTS operates from the corporate offices in West Palm Beach, Florida. 

5 

Medical
Mime, Inc. Mime ): Mime was formed on May 9, 2014. It specializes in electronic health records (EHR) software and subscription
services for the behavioral health and rehabilitation market segments. It currently serves ten behavioral health/substance abuse facilities. 

ClinLab,
Inc. ClinLab ): ClinLab develops and markets laboratory information management systems to mid-size clinical laboratories.
It currently services eight clinical laboratories across the country. 

AMSG
owns CollabRx, Inc. CollabRx and Genomas, Inc. Genomas ), each of which is an inactive operation. Genomas
operated a diagnostics lab until December 31, 2019, and was focused solely on the pharmacogenomics technology and platform, MedTuning,
to interpret diagnostics outcomes and translate these outcomes into easily usable information to indicate the effectiveness of medications
for a patient. This solution would require minimum effort to be back in operation. CollabRx owns a technology platform and database for
interpreting diagnostics outcomes from cancer patients that could match the result to known treatments and or clinical trials. This solution
has been dormant for a number of years and to be viable in the marketplace will require updates to the technology and the database. 

Each
of the subsidiaries is wholly owned by the Company and complements each other, allowing for cross selling of products and services. The
Company believes the current solutions will become an added value option to a technology-based medical professional s network communication platform to
a broad range of healthcare professionals and businesses using a subscription revenue model with added value bolt on services the Company
plans to develop. 

In
the coming year we plan to develop, acquire or license and offer a telehealth solution through partnerships in the emerging health technology
sector. 

Company
Information 

The
address of our principal executive offices is 400 S. Australian Avenue, Suite 800, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401 and our telephone number
at that location is (561) 421-1900. 

Our
website is www.innovaqor.com . The information contained on, or that may be obtained from, our website is not a part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have included our website address herein solely as an inactive textual
reference. 

Terms
of the Acquisition 

Background 

On
June 25, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition agreement with Rennova, and acquired 100 ownership of certain subsidiaries of Rennova.
The acquired businesses are now the main business of the Company. 

Reasons
for the Acquisition 

The
previous business model of the Company had not generated revenue for over five years. The Board of Directors and majority shareholders
had determined the Company should pursue other opportunities for acquisition of technology and services that were similar in nature to
the existing business of the Company. The Company had limited resources of cash and management and believed that an acquisition that
could be completed without cash and that had its own management team would provide the best opportunity for a successful closing. The
Company believes that the acquired assets and new management team create a new opportunity for the Company in a sector in which the Company s
solutions and services are in demand and should generate profitable revenue. The Company believes the acquisition brings the following
benefits for shareholders: 

Enhanced
 strategic and management focus The acquisition will provide the Company with a well-established and accomplished management
 team to more effectively pursue its distinct operating priorities and strategies and enable the management to quickly and efficiently
 make decisions and concentrate efforts on the unique needs of each business and pursue opportunities for long-term growth and profitability.
 In this way, the Company s management will be able to focus exclusively on its IT products and services business and productize
 its services to third parties. 

6 

Direct
 access to capital markets The acquisition provides the Company with a variety of existing product lines, some already generating
 revenue. These constitute a firm basis for supporting the Company s business expansion. This should also mean that the Company
 will achieve better access to the capital markets to support a credible expansion plan. 

Alignment
 of incentives with performance objectives The acquisition will facilitate incentive compensation arrangements for employees
 more directly tied to the performance of the business, and may enhance employee hiring and retention by, among other things, improving
 the alignment of management and employee incentives with performance and growth objectives. 

The
Company cannot assure you that, as a result of the acquisition, any of the benefits described above or otherwise will be realized to
the extent anticipated or at all and would highlight that the acquisition adds increased risk to the Company with the following; 

Increased
 costs the Company will assume increased costs related to the business operations and development plan and will see an immediate
 increase in legal and accounting costs associated with the acquisition and the Company s becoming fully reporting
 and compliant with the SEC reporting requirements. 

The
 Company may experience disruptions to the business of the acquired entities as a result of the acquisition. The acquired entities
 had enjoyed revenue and financial assistance from related parties under its previous structure. There is no guarantee that these
 revenues can be retained and the acquired entities will no longer be able to rely on the support and services received prior to acquisition. 

One-time
 costs of the acquisition may be significant. The Company will incur costs in connection with the acquisition that may include accounting,
 tax, legal and other professional services costs, recruiting, and relocation costs associated with hiring or reassigning personnel,
 costs related to establishing a new brand identity in the marketplace and costs to separate information systems. 

Inability
 to realize anticipated benefits of the acquisition the Company may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition
 for a variety of reasons, including, among others: following the acquisition, the Company may be more susceptible to market fluctuations
 and other adverse events. 

The
prior Board of Directors concluded that the potential benefits of the acquisition outweighed the risks and concluded that it was in the
best interest of the Company and its shareholders to complete the acquisition as described. 

Business 

InnovaQor
has expertise in the areas of IT involving the design, development, creation, use and maintenance of information systems for the healthcare
industry. These applications and systems will continue to improve patient care, lower costs, increase efficiency, reduce errors and improve
patient outcomes. In addition, these applications and systems will accelerate and maximize reimbursements for healthcare providers. 

InnovaQor
also recognizes the future in interoperability (sharing data between multiple various health IT systems), telemedicine (the ability to
access and interact with health data and practitioners/patients via mobile devices) and the increasing use of blockchain technologies
to protect access to medical records. 

We intend to develop, acquire or license and offer a medical professional s
network communication platform for medical professionals to include a talent search and telehealth solution through corporate partnerships
in the emerging health technology sector. 

Existing
products offered by the Company s subsidiaries are as follows: 

M2Select 
is a custom built, cloud based, electronic health record which meets the needs of substance abuse treatment and behavioral health providers.
M2Select s specialized clinical workflow provides intuitive prompts for symptoms and enables you to quickly select problems and
create master treatment plans with goals, objectives, and interventions. M2Select provides best-in-class patient lifecycle management
for Behavioral Health/Substance Abuse (BH/SA) treatment centers. From pre-admission to billing and aftercare, M2Select is an electronic
health record and patient management software that seamlessly integrates into the natural workflow of day-to-day operations. 

M2Pro 
is a custom built, cloud based, electronic health record for ambulatory physician practices that meets meaningful use stage 2 and no
further. Its unique dictation services further automate the workflow process for physicians allowing them to focus on their continuum
of patient care. This product may also be able to be offered outside of the US market. 

ClinLab 
is a turnkey client/server lab information system for mid-range laboratories. ClinLab supports interfaces to all major reference labs
and the ClinLab team can provide an interface to any system with that capability. ClinLab also features an optional EHR package which
enables interfacing with popular EHR systems allowing lab test results to integrate seamlessly into a provider s EHR for an improved
patient record and to fulfill the federal government requirements. 

7 

Qira 
is our healthcare business analytics service powered by PowerBI. It is a culmination of healthcare financial and revenue cycle management
plus clinical operations oversight needs. It aggregates data from multiple healthcare systems to produce a single source business intelligence
tool with executive level daily briefing to deep dive operational management of claims and operational efficiencies. There are many other
analytical services available that customize solutions but none that has a proven template for success. Our competitive advantage comes
from having created these tools to identify the deficiencies in the real world for the former parent Rennova from its former national
laboratory operations to its more recent rural hospitals. 

vCIO
Services . Based on the skills and experience inherent within InnovaQor and resulting from work undertaken on behalf of the former
parent, Rennova, InnovaQor offers a range of CIO services centered on our ability to link IT systems to business objectives combined
with our knowledge of technology trends likely to impact our sector. The CIO services would include (but not be limited to): 

Program
 and Project Management 

Vendor
 Management 

Business
 Continuity and Disaster Recovery 

Security
 Services 

Network
 Infrastructure Management 

Helpdesk
 Provision 

MedTuning 
is the technology and platform owned by Genomas. It utilized proprietary biomarkers, treatment algorithms, and a web-based interactive
physician portal delivery system to provide clinical decision support for physicians and personalized drug treatment for patients. Products
were DNA-guided to improve the therapeutic benefit of widely used prescription drugs while also reducing the risk of significant side
effects for patients. 

Medical
Informatics: Our technology platform, proprietary algorithms and physician interface portal can be extended to a wide range of drug categories. 

Research
and Development: Technology platform applicable to numerous disease states; current pipeline in mental health, pain management, cardiovascular
and diabetes. 

Advantage 
is a proprietary HIPAA compliant software developed to eliminate the need for paper requisitions by providing an easy to use and efficient
web-based system that lets customers securely place lab orders, track samples and view test reports in real time from any web-enabled
laptop, notepad or smart phone. 

Brands 

We
intend to trademark both InnovaQor and its products and services, i.e. ClinLab, M2Select, Qira, vCIO and Health Technology Solutions. 

Sales 

The
Company has the following wholly owned subsidiaries, which it purchased on June 25, 2021: Health Technology Solutions, Inc., Medical
Mime, Inc., ClinLab, Inc., Advanced Molecular Services Group, Inc. AMSG ), Genomas, Inc. and CollabRx, Inc. These subsidiaries
provided products and services to 25 and 36 customers in the United States and generated 343,440 and 468,883 (including 191,517 and
 237,551 from a related party) in net revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

InnovaQor
intends to sell its Health Technology Solutions, Medical Mime and ClinLab products and services directly to customers through internal
sales and digital marketing. InnovaQor intends to identify strategic partnerships that sell into the sectors it is targeting. InnovaQor
intends to promote these products and services to the strategic partnerships existing clientele coming to agreement on a recurring
revenue based on cash collected for closed sales of these products and services. 

Competitive
Position 

The
healthcare software, IT and vCIO consulting services industry is extremely competitive, highly fragmented, and subject to rapid change.
The industry includes a large number of participants with a variety of skills and industry expertise, including other strategy, business
operations, technology, technical advisory firms, regional and specialty consulting firms, and the internal professional resources of
organizations. We compete with a large number of service and technology providers in all of our segments. Our competitors often vary,
depending on the particular practice area. We expect to continue to face competition from new entrants. 

8 

We
believe the principal competitive factors in our market include reputation, the ability to attract and retain top talent, and the capacity
to manage engagements effectively to drive high value to clients. There is also competition on price, although to a lesser extent due
to the criticality of the issues that many of our services address. Our competitors often have a greater geographic footprint, a broader
international presence, and more resources than we do, but we believe that our industry experience and reputation, ability to deliver
meaningful client results, and balanced portfolio of services enable us to compete favorably in the consulting marketplace. 

Our
rehab EHR product, Medical Mime, is a main competitor in its sector and our immediate competition is provided by KIPU, BestNotes, Zencharts,
Sunwave, and TherapyNotes. Our competitive advantage is a system developed with and for facilities practicing in this sector along with
customized reports and forms. Our system offers partially automated implementation and fully automated billing files that restrict billing
until all required documentation is available while flagging operational deficiencies. 

Our
LIS, ClinLab, is a small player in its sector and our immediate competitors are LabDaq, Schuyler House and RelayMed. Our competitive
advantage is a select feature set and affordability. 

Our
vCIO services are just launching and have the experience of being the internal IT team for the former parent company, Rennova. With a
10-year experience in providing complete services, consulting, project management, software management, vendor management and network
engineering, vCIO will specialize in healthcare facilities. 

Qira
is our healthcare business analytics tool powered by PowerBI. It is a culmination of healthcare financial and revenue cycle management
plus clinical operations operational oversight needs. It aggregates data from multiple healthcare systems to produce a single source
business intelligence tool with executive level daily briefing to deep dive operational management of claims and operational efficiencies.
There are many other analytical services available that customize solutions but none that has a proven template for success. Our competitive
advantage comes from having created these tools to identify the deficiencies in the real world for the former parent Rennova from its
former national laboratory operations to its more recent rural hospitals. This product easily pays for itself as it immediately eliminates
the need for accountants monthly delivery of numbers that can cost upwards of 25,000 a month. 

Research
and Development 

The
industries and market segments in which we plan to operate and compete are subject to rapid technological developments, evolving industry
standards, changes in customer requirements and competitive new products and features. As a result, we believe our success, in part,
will depend on our ability to build and enhance our products in a timely and efficient manner and to develop and introduce new products
that meet our clients needs and help our clients reduce their total cost of operation. To achieve these objectives, we plan to
make research and development investments through internal and third-party development activities, third-party licensing agreements and
potentially through joint ventures and acquisitions. 

Research
and Intellectual Property 

Our
future success and ability to compete will depend on our ability to develop and maintain our intellectual property and proprietary technology
and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. Software products are generally licensed to customers on a non-exclusive
basis for internal use in a customer s organization. We plan to also grant rights in intellectual property that we plan on developing
or acquiring to third parties to allow them to market certain of our future products on a non-exclusive or limited-scope exclusive basis
for an application of such product or to a specific geographic region. 

InnovaQor
plans to protect its intellectual property in its subsidiaries through a combination of trademarks and copyrights in the coming year.
InnovaQor will evaluate the possibility of acquiring or developing patents that are related to healthcare services and products. 

Our
IP strategy encompasses protection on composition of matter and method for DNA markers, marker ensembles, and predictive biostatistical
algorithms. 

9 

Platform
Technology 

Trademarks
and Copyrights 

U.S.
Copyright (Registration Number VA 1-797-692): Personalized Health Portal with design, user interface and algorithm. 

While
we believe our intellectual property will be an asset, and our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property rights is important
to our success, we do not anticipate that our business will be materially dependent on any patent, trademark, license, or other intellectual
property right. 

Employees 

As
of March 30, 2023, we have six employees, five of whom are working on maintenance and customer service of our existing products. We expect
to grow with a focus on sales and business development eventually expanding our technical team to support the growth. We plan to hire
a team of employees and contractors to deliver on the goal of developing and delivering a technology-based communication platform to
a broad range of healthcare professionals and businesses using a subscription revenue model with added value bolt on services. 

Cyclical
Nature of the Business 

We
have found that our business is not very cyclical but it does exhibit certain seasonality around holiday periods. 

Regulatory
Matters 

The
healthcare industry is subject to extensive government regulation, most notably the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
(HIPAA) and Protected Health Information (PHI). HIPAA helps protect the privacy of patient information by: 

Providing
 the ability to transfer and continue health insurance coverage for millions of American workers and their families when they change
 or lose their jobs; 

Reducing
 health care fraud and abuse; 

Mandating
 industry-wide standards for health care information on electronic billing and other processes; and 

Requiring
 the protection and confidential handling of protected health information 

PHI
is a HIPAA Privacy Rule that provides federal protections for personal health information held by covered entities and gives patients
an array of rights with respect to that information. At the same time, the Privacy Rule is balanced so that it permits the disclosure
of personal health information needed for patient care and other important purposes. 

Although
the standards are challenging, we believe that our products are compliant with HIPAA and PHI regulations. Nonetheless, our Company could
be adversely affected if a third party is impacted by HIPAA or PHI related software defects. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status of InnovaQor 

An
emerging growth company (EGC) is any company that meets the following requirements and will lose its emerging growth status should it
exceed any of these: 

The
 company has less than 1.07 billion or more of total gross revenue in a consecutive 12-month period; 

Is
 within five years of its original IPO; 

The
 company cannot have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible bonds within the last three years; and 

The
 company does not qualify as a large accelerated filer, meaning having a public float of over 700 million. 

InnovaQor
is an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act (the JOBS Act ). As such,
InnovaQor will be eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that apply to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies, including compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the requirements to hold a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. If InnovaQor does take advantage of some or all of these exemptions, some investors may find its common stock less attractive.
The result may be a less active trading market for the common stock and its stock price may be more volatile. 

10 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), for complying with new or revised
accounting standards, meaning that InnovaQor, as an emerging growth company, can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. It is InnovaQor s present intention to adopt any applicable accounting
standards timely. If at some time InnovaQor delays adoption of a new or revised accounting standard, our financial statements may not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

Item
1A: Risk Factors An investment in our common stock is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. In determining whether
to purchase InnovaQor s common stock, an investor should carefully consider all of the material risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this report. An investor should only purchase InnovaQor s securities if he or she can afford
to suffer the loss of his or her entire investment. 

General
Business and Industry Risks 

An
inability to retain our senior management team would be detrimental to the success of our business. 

We
rely heavily on our senior management team; our ability to retain them is particularly important to our future success. Given the highly
specialized nature of our services (Healthcare, IT), the senior management team must have a thorough understanding of our product and
service offerings as well as the skills and experience necessary to manage an organization consisting of a diverse group of professionals
and external parties. In addition, we rely on our senior management team to generate and market our business successfully in a crowded,
complex and legislatively bound marketplace. Further, our senior management s personal reputations and relationships with our clients
are a critical element in obtaining and maintaining client engagements. We will enter into non-solicitation agreements with our senior
management team, and we will also enter into well-scoped non-competition agreements. If one or more members of our senior management
team leave and we cannot replace them with a suitable candidate quickly, we could experience difficulty in securing and successfully
completing engagements and managing our business properly, which could harm our business prospects and results of operations. 

Our
inability to hire and retain talented people in an industry where there is great competition for talent could have a serious negative
effect on our prospects and results of operations. 

Our
business involves the delivery of software products and professional services and is labor intensive. Our success depends largely on
our general ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled professionals. Further, we must successfully maintain the
right mix of professionals with relevant experience and skill sets as we grow, as we expand into new service offerings, and as the market
evolves. The loss of a significant number of our professionals, the inability to attract, hire, develop, train, and retain additional
skilled personnel, or the failure to maintain the right mix of professionals could have a serious negative effect on us, including our
ability to manage, staff, and successfully complete our existing engagements and obtain new engagements. Qualified professionals are
in great demand, and we face significant competition for both senior and junior professionals with the requisite credentials and experience.
Our principal competition for talent comes from other software and consulting firms as well as from organizations seeking to staff their
internal professional positions. Many of these competitors may be able to offer significantly greater compensation and benefits or more
attractive lifestyle choices, career paths, or geographic locations than we do. Therefore, we may not be successful in attracting and
retaining the skilled persons we require to conduct and expand our operations successfully. Increasing competition for these revenue-generating
professionals may also significantly increase our labor costs, which could negatively affect our margins and results of operations. 

Additional
hiring, departures, business acquisitions and dispositions could disrupt our operations, increase our costs or otherwise harm our business. 

Our
business strategy is dependent in part upon our ability to grow by hiring individuals or groups of individuals and by acquiring complementary
businesses. However, we may be unable to identify, hire, acquire, or successfully integrate new employees and acquired businesses without
substantial expense, delay, or other operational or financial obstacles. From time to time, we will evaluate the total mix of products
and services we provide and we may conclude that businesses may not achieve the results we previously expected. Competition for future
hiring and acquisition opportunities in our markets could increase the compensation we offer to potential employees or the prices we
pay for businesses we wish to acquire. In addition, we may be unable to achieve the financial, operational, and other benefits we anticipate
from any hiring or acquisition, as well as any disposition, including those we have completed so far. New acquisitions could also negatively
impact existing practices and cause current employees to depart. Hiring additional employees or acquiring businesses could also involve
a number of additional risks, including: 

the
 diversion of management s time, attention, and resources from managing and marketing our Company; 

11 

the
 failure to retain key acquired personnel or existing personnel who may view the acquisition unfavorably; 

the
 potential loss of clients of acquired businesses; 

the
 need to compensate new employees while they wait for their restrictive covenants with other institutions to expire; 

the
 potential need to raise significant amounts of capital to finance a transaction or the potential issuance of equity securities that
 could be dilutive to our existing shareholders; 

increased
 costs to improve, coordinate, or integrate managerial, operational, financial, and administrative systems; 

the
 potential assumption of liabilities of an acquired business; 

the
 inability to attain the expected synergies with an acquired business; 

the
 usage of earn-outs based on the future performance of our business acquisitions may deter the acquired company from fully integrating
 into our existing business; 

the
 perception of inequalities if different groups of employees are eligible for different benefits and incentives or are subject to
 different policies and programs; and 

difficulties
 in integrating diverse backgrounds and experiences of consultants, including if we experience a transition period for newly hired
 consultants that results in a temporary drop in our utilization rates or margins. 

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit requires us to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions. While we believe that the estimates
and assumptions underlying our valuation methodology are reasonable, these estimates and assumptions could have a significant impact
on whether or not a non-cash goodwill impairment charge is recognized and also the magnitude of any such charge. The results of an impairment
analysis are as of a point in time. There is no assurance that the actual future earnings or cash flows of our reporting units will be
consistent with our projections. We will monitor any changes to our assumptions and will evaluate goodwill as deemed warranted during
future periods. Any significant decline in our operations could result in non-cash goodwill impairment charges. 

Changes
in capital markets, legal or regulatory requirements, and general economic or other factors beyond our control could reduce demand for
our services, in which case our revenues could decline. 

A
number of factors outside of our control affect demand for our services. These include: 

fluctuations
 in the U.S. economy; 

the
 U.S. or global financial markets and the availability, costs, and terms of credit; 

changes
 in laws and regulations; and 

other
 economic factors and general business conditions. 

We
are not able to predict the positive or negative effects that future events or changes to the U.S. economy, financial markets, or regulatory
and business environment could have on our operations. 

Changes
in U.S. tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, results of operations and financial conditions. 

We
are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. at the state and federal level. Changes in applicable U.S. state or federal tax
laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, could materially affect our tax expense and profitability. The
Company has not filed its federal tax returns for more than 10 years. The Company does not anticipate material adjustments of its
tax liabilities when such returns are filed, but there is no guarantee that such filings will not have a material adverse
effect. 

12 

Acquisition
of the HTS Group has presented and will continue to present management with new challenges that did not exist under the umbrella of its former parent. 

Under
the former parent, management had the support of an experienced financial team, HR support and support for SEC filings. This support
system does not currently exist in the current company and new challenges are presenting themselves every day. The immature knowledge
and experience in these areas are likely to take longer to complete actions and will take management s attention away from the
day to day operations where it is needed to improve revenues. 

If
we are unable to manage fluctuations in our business successfully, we may not be able to achieve profitability. 

To
successfully manage growth, we must periodically adjust and strengthen our operating, financial, accounting, and other systems, procedures,
and controls, which could increase our costs and may adversely affect our gross profits and our ability to achieve profitability if we
do not generate increased revenues to offset the costs. As a public company, our information and control systems must enable us to prepare
accurate and timely financial information and other required disclosures. If we discover deficiencies in our existing information and
control systems that impede our ability to satisfy our reporting requirements, we must successfully implement improvements to those systems
in an efficient and timely manner. 

The
nature of our services and the general economic environment make it difficult to predict our future operating results. To achieve profitability,
we must: 

attract,
 integrate, retain, and motivate highly qualified professionals; 

achieve
 and maintain adequate utilization and suitable billing rates for our revenue-generating professionals; 

expand
 our existing relationships with our clients and identify new clients in need of our services; 

successfully
 resell products/engagements and secure new client sales/engagements every year; 

maintain
 and enhance our brand recognition; and 

adapt
 quickly to meet changes in our markets, our business mix, the economic environment, the credit markets, and competitive developments. 

Our
financial results could suffer if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and suitable billing rates for our products
and services. 

Our
profitability depends to a large extent on the utilization and billing rates of our professionals. Utilization of our professionals is
affected by a number of factors, including: 

the
 number and size of client sales/engagements; 

the
 timing of the commencement, completion and termination of engagements, which in many cases is unpredictable; 

our
 ability to transition our consultants efficiently from completed engagements to new engagements; 

the
 hiring of additional consultants because there is generally a transition period for new consultants that results in a temporary drop
 in our utilization rate; 

unanticipated
 changes in the scope of client engagements; 

our
 ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate level of consultants; and 

conditions
 affecting the industries in which we practice as well as general economic conditions. 

The
billing rates of our consultants that we are able to charge are also affected by a number of factors, including: 

our
 clients perception of our ability to add value through our products/services; 

the
 market demand for the products/services we provide; 

an
 increase in the number of sales/engagements in the government sector, which are subject to federal contracting regulations; 

introduction
 of new products/services by us or our competitors; 

our
 competition and the pricing policies of our competitors; and 

current
 economic conditions. 

If
we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate overall utilization as well as maintain or increase the billing rates for our consultants,
our financial results could materially suffer. In addition, our consultants may need to perform services at the physical locations of
our clients. If there are natural disasters, disruptions to travel and transportation or problems with communications systems, our ability
to perform services for, and interact with, our clients at their physical locations may be negatively impacted which could have an adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. 

13 

It
is likely that our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate in the future as a result of certain factors, some of which may be outside
of our control. 

A
key element of our strategy is to market our products and services directly to certain specific organizations, such as health systems
and hospitals, and to increase the number of our products and services utilized by existing clients. The sales cycle for some of our
products and services is often lengthy and may involve significant commitment of client personnel. As a consequence, the commencement
date of a client engagement often cannot be accurately forecasted. Certain of our client contracts contain terms that result in revenue
that is deferred and cannot be recognized until the occurrence of certain events. As a result, the period of time between contract signing
and recognition of associated revenue may be lengthy, and we are not able to predict with certainty the period in which revenue will
be recognized. 

Certain
of our contracts provide that some portion or all of our fees are at risk if our services do not result in the achievement of certain
performance targets. To the extent that any revenue is contingent upon the achievement of a performance target, we only recognize revenue
upon client confirmation that the performance targets have been achieved. If a client fails to provide such confirmation in a timely
manner, our ability to recognize revenue will be delayed. 

Fee
discounts, pressure to not increase or even decrease our rates, and less advantageous contract terms could result in the loss of clients,
lower revenues and operating income, higher costs, and less profitable engagements. More discounts or write-offs than we expect in any
period would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

Other
fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations may be due to a number of other factors, some of which are not within our control,
including: 

the
 timing and volume of client invoices processed and payments received, which may affect the fees payable to us under certain of our
 engagements; 

client
 decisions regarding renewal or termination of their contracts; 

the
 amount and timing of costs related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses; and 

unforeseen
 legal expenses, including litigation and other settlement gains or losses. 

The
profitability of our fixed-fee engagements with clients may not meet our expectations if we underestimate the cost of these engagements. 

When
making proposals for fixed-fee engagements, we estimate the costs and timing for completing the engagements. These estimates reflect
our best judgment regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and consultants as we plan to deploy them on engagements. Any increased
or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of fixed-fee engagements, including delays caused by factors
outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable, which would have an adverse effect on our profit margin. 

Our
business is becoming increasingly dependent on information technology and will require additional investments in order to grow and meet
the demands of our clients. 

We
depend on the use of sophisticated technologies and systems. Some of services may become dependent on the use of software applications
and systems that we do not own and could become unavailable. Moreover, our technology platforms will require continuing investments by
us in order to expand existing service offerings and develop complementary services. Our future success depends on our ability to adapt
our services and infrastructure while continuing to improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services in response to
the evolving demands of the marketplace. 

14 

Adverse
changes to our relationships with key third-party vendors, or in the business of our key third-party vendors, could unfavorably impact
our business. 

A
portion of our services and solutions depends on technology or software provided by third-party vendors. Some of these third-party vendors
refer potential clients to us, and others require that we obtain their permission prior to accessing their software. These third- party
vendors could terminate their relationship with us without cause and with little or no notice, which could limit our service offerings
and harm our financial condition and operating results. In addition, if a third-party vendor s business changes or is reduced,
that could adversely affect our business. Moreover, if third-party technology or software that is important to our business does not
continue to be available or utilized within the marketplace, or if the services that we provide to clients are no longer relevant in
the marketplace, our business may be unfavorably impacted. 

We
could experience system failures, service interruptions, or security breaches that could negatively impact our business. 

Our
organization is comprised of employees who work on matters throughout the United States. We may be subject to disruption to our operating
systems from technology events that are beyond our control, including the possibility of failures at third-party data centers, disruptions
to the Internet, natural disasters, power losses, and malicious attacks. In addition, despite the implementation of security measures,
our infrastructure and operating systems, including the Internet and related systems, may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, hackers,
improper employee or contractor access, computer viruses, programming errors, denial-of-service attacks, or other attacks by third parties
seeking to disrupt operations or misappropriate information or similar physical or electronic breaches of security. While we have taken
and are taking reasonable steps to prevent and mitigate the damage of such events, including implementation of system security measures,
information backup, and disaster recovery processes, those steps may not be effective and there can be no assurance that any such steps
can be effective against all possible risks. We will need to continue to invest in technology in order to achieve redundancies necessary
to prevent service interruptions. Access to our systems as a result of a security breach, the failure of our systems, or the loss of
data could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability, or regulatory penalties and disrupt operations, which could adversely affect
our business and financial results. 

Our
reputation could be damaged and we could incur additional liabilities if we fail to protect client and employee data through our own
accord or if our information systems are breached. 

We
rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations
and with our clients, partners, and employees. The breadth and complexity of this infrastructure increases the potential risk of security
breaches which could lead to potential unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. 

In
providing services to clients, we may manage, utilize, and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal
data and protected health information. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information,
such as the U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of health or other personally identifiable information, including the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). In addition, many states, and U.S. federal governmental authorities have
adopted, proposed or are considering adopting or proposing, additional data security and/or data privacy statutes or regulations. Continued
governmental focus on data security and privacy may lead to additional legislative and regulatory action, which could increase the complexity
of doing business. The increased emphasis on information security and the requirements to comply with applicable U.S. data security and
privacy laws and regulations may increase our costs of doing business and negatively impact our results of operations. 

These
laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or
intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that
data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, and/or criminal prosecution. 

In
addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence,
fraud, or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and their related revenue in the future. 

15 

Changes
in capital markets, legal or regulatory requirements, general economic conditions and monetary or geo-political disruptions, as well
as other factors beyond our control, could reduce demand for our practice offerings or services, in which case our revenues and profitability
could decline. 

Different
factors outside of our control could affect demand for our practices and our services. These include: 

fluctuations
 in the U.S. economy, including economic recessions and the strength and rate of any general economic recoveries; 

the
 U.S. financial markets and the availability, costs and terms of credit and credit modifications; 

business
 and management crises, including the occurrence of alleged fraudulent or illegal activities and practices; 

new
 and complex laws and regulations, repeals of existing laws and regulations or changes of enforcement of laws, rules and regulations; 

other
 economic, geographic or political factors; and 

general
 business conditions. 

We
are not able to predict the positive or negative effects that future events or changes to the U.S. economy will have on our business.
Fluctuations, changes and disruptions in financial, credit, mergers and acquisitions and other markets, political instability and general
business factors could impact various operations and could affect such operations differently. Changes to factors described above, as
well as other events, including by way of example, contractions of regional economies, monetary systems, banking, real estate and retail
or other industries; debt or credit difficulties or defaults by businesses; new, repeals of or changes to laws and regulations, including
changes to the bankruptcy and competition laws of the U.S.; tort reform; banking reform; a decline in the implementation or adoption
of new laws of regulation, or in government enforcement, litigation or monetary damages or remedies that are sought; or political instability
may have adverse effects on our business. 

Our
revenues, operating income and cash flows are likely to fluctuate. 

We
expect to experience fluctuations in our revenues and cost structure and the resulting operating income and cash flows. We may experience
fluctuations in our annual and quarterly financial results, including revenues, operating income and earnings per share, for reasons
that include (i) the types and complexity, number, size, timing and duration of client engagements; (ii) the timing of revenue recognition
under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP (iii) the utilization of revenue-generating
professionals, including the ability to adjust staffing levels up or down to accommodate our business and prospects; (iv) the time it
takes before a new hire becomes profitable; (v) the geographic locations of our clients or the locations where services are rendered;
(vi) billing rates and fee arrangements, including the opportunity and ability to successfully reach milestones and complete projects,
and collect for them; (vii) the length of billing and collection cycles and changes in amounts that may become uncollectible; (viii)
changes in the frequency and complexity of government regulatory and enforcement activities; and (ix) economic factors beyond our control. 

We
may also experience fluctuations in our operating income and related cash flows because of increases in employee compensation, including
changes to our incentive compensation structure and the timing of incentive payments. Also, the timing of investments or acquisitions
and the cost of integrating them may cause fluctuations in our financial results, including operating income and cash flows. This volatility
may make it difficult to forecast our future results with precision and to assess accurately whether increases or decreases in any one
or more quarters are likely to cause annual results to exceed or fall short of expectations. 

If
we do not effectively manage the utilization of our professionals or billable rates, our financial results could decline. 

Our
failure to manage the utilization of our professionals who bill on an hourly basis, or maintain or increase the hourly rates we charge
our clients for our services, could result in adverse consequences, such as non- or lower-revenue-generating professionals, increased
employee turnover, fixed compensation expenses in periods of declining revenues, the inability to appropriately staff engagements (including
adding or reducing staff during periods of increased or decreased demand for our services), or special charges associated with reductions
in staff or operations. Reductions in workforce or increases of billable rates will not necessarily lead to savings. In such events,
our financial results may decline or be adversely impacted. A number of factors affect the utilization of our professionals. Some of
these factors we cannot predict with certainty, including general economic and financial market conditions; the complexity, number, type,
size and timing of client engagements; the level of demand for our services; appropriate professional staffing levels, in light of changing
client demands and market conditions; and competition and acquisitions. In addition, any expansion into or within locations where we
are not well known or where demand for our services is not well-developed could also contribute to low or lower utilization rates. 

InnovaQor
may enter into engagements which involve non-time and material arrangements, such as fixed fees and time and materials with caps. Failure
to effectively manage professional hours and other aspects of alternative fee engagements may result in the costs of providing such services
exceeding the fees collected by InnovaQor. Failure to successfully complete or reach milestones with respect to contingent fee or success
fee assignments may also lead to lower revenues or the costs of providing services under those types of arrangements may exceed the fees
collected by InnovaQor. 

16 

We
may receive requests to discount our fees or to negotiate lower rates for our services and to agree to contract terms relative to the
scope of services and other terms that may limit the size of an engagement or our ability to pass through costs. We will consider these
requests on a case-by-case basis. In addition, our clients and prospective clients may not accept rate increases that we put into effect
or plan to implement in the future. Fee discounts, pressure not to increase or even decrease our rates, and less advantageous contract
terms could result in the loss of clients, lower revenues and operating income, higher costs and less profitable engagements. More discounts
or write-offs than we expect in any period would have a negative impact on our results of operations. There is no assurance that significant
client engagements will be renewed or replaced in a timely manner or at all, or that they will generate the same volume of work or revenues,
or be as profitable as past engagements. 

Our
Company faces certain risks, including (i) industry consolidation and a heightened competitive environment, (ii) downward pricing pressure,
(iii) technology changes and obsolescence, (iv) failure to protect client information against cyber-attacks and (v) failure to protect
IP, which individually or together could cause the financial results and prospects of the Company to decline. 

Our
Company is facing significant competition from other consulting and/or software providers. There continues to be significant consolidation
of companies providing products and services similar to those offered by our Company, which may provide competitors access to greater
financial and other resources than those of InnovaQor. This industry is subject to significant and rapid innovation. Larger competitors
may be able to invest more in research and development, react more quickly to new regulatory or legal requirements and other changes,
or innovate more quickly and efficiently. Our Medical Mime and ClinLab software have been facing significant competition from competing
software products. 

The
software and products of our Company are subject to rapid technological innovation. There is no assurance that we will successfully develop
new versions of our Medical Mime and ClinLab software or other products. Our software may not keep pace with necessary changes and innovation.
There is no assurance that new, innovative or improved software or products will be developed, compete effectively with the software
and technology developed and offered by competitors, be price competitive with other companies providing similar software or products,
or be accepted by our clients or the marketplace. If InnovaQor is unable to develop and offer competitive software and products or is
otherwise unable to capitalize on market opportunities, the impact could adversely affect our operating margins and financial results. 

Our
reputation for providing secure information storage and maintaining the confidentiality of proprietary, confidential and trade secret
information is critical to the success of our Company, which hosts client information as a service. We may face cyber-based attacks and
attempts by hackers and similar unauthorized users to gain access to or corrupt our information technology systems. Such attacks could
disrupt our business operations, cause us to incur unanticipated losses or expenses, and result in unauthorized disclosures of confidential
or proprietary information. Although we seek to prevent, detect and investigate these network security incidents, and have taken steps
to mitigate the likelihood of network security breaches, there can be no assurance that attacks by unauthorized users will not be attempted
in the future or that our security measures will be effective. 

We
rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality and other contractual provisions to protect our assets.
Our software and related documentation will be protected principally under trade secret and copyright laws, which afford only limited
protection, and the laws of some foreign jurisdictions provide less protection for our proprietary rights than the laws of the U.S. Unauthorized
use and misuse of our IP by employees or third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. The available legal remedies for unauthorized or misuse of our IP may not adequately compensate us for the damages
caused by unauthorized use. 

If
we (i) fail to compete effectively, including by offering our software and services at a competitive price, (ii) are unable to keep pace
with industry innovation and user requirements, (iii) are unable to replace clients or revenues as engagements end or are canceled or
the scope of engagements are curtailed, or (iv) are unable to protect our clients or our own IP and proprietary information, the
financial results of InnovaQor would be adversely affected. There is no assurance that we can replace clients or the revenues from engagements,
eliminate the costs associated with those engagements, find other engagements to utilize our professionals, develop competitive products
or services that will be accepted or preferred by users, offer our products and services at competitive prices, or continue to maintain
the confidentiality of our IP and the information of our clients. 

17 

We
may not manage our growth effectively, and our profitability may suffer. 

Periods
of expansion may strain our management team, or human resources and information systems. To manage growth successfully, we may need to
add qualified managers and employees and periodically update our operating, financial and other systems, as well as our internal procedures
and controls. We also must effectively motivate, train and manage a larger professional staff. If we fail to add or retain qualified
managers, employees and contractors when needed, estimate costs, or manage our growth effectively, our business, financial results and
financial condition may suffer. 

We
cannot assure that we can successfully manage growth through acquisitions and the integration of the companies and assets we acquire
or that they will result in the financial, operational and other benefits that we anticipate. Some acquisitions may not be immediately
accretive to earnings, and some expansion may result in significant expenditures. 

In
periods of declining growth, underutilized employees and contractors may result in expenses and costs being a greater percentage of revenues.
In such situations, we will have to weigh the benefits of decreasing our workforce or limiting our service offerings and saving costs
against the detriment that InnovaQor could experience from losing valued professionals and their industry expertise and clients. 

We
may not secure the capital required to develop our business. 

Our
business is dependent on securing additional capital. If we fail to secure the required capital our business will fail. 

Reliance
on related party 

We
rely heavily on Rennova, the former owner of our subsidiaries, for our current revenues and for the provision of loans necessary for
us to operate our business until we secure our own capital. A loss of the contracts for service with Rennova or a loss of financial
support would have a material adverse effect on our operations and business. 

Going
Concern Risk Factor 

Although
our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, we have accumulated significant losses and have negative cash flows
from operations that could adversely affect our ability to secure additional capital to fund our operations or limit our ability to react
to changes in the economy or our industry. These or additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently
deem immaterial, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Under
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 205-40 ), InnovaQor has the responsibility to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise
substantial doubt about its ability to meet its future financial obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the
financial statements are issued. As required by ASC 205-40, this evaluation shall initially not take into consideration the potential
mitigating effects of plans that have not been fully implemented as of the date the financial statements are issued. Management has assessed
InnovaQor s ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with the requirement of ASC 205-40. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. InnovaQor has accumulated significant losses and has negative
cash flows from operations and, at December 31, 2022, had a working capital deficit and accumulated deficit of 4.4 million and 19.6
million, respectively. In addition, the Company s cash position is critically deficient and critical payments are not being made
in the ordinary course of business, all of which raises substantial doubt about InnovaQor s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans with respect to alleviating the adverse financial conditions that caused management to express substantial doubt
about InnovaQor s ability to continue as a going concern are discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

InnovaQor
has incurred substantial costs in connection with the acquisition of the Group which may include accounting, tax, legal and other professional
services costs, recruiting and relocation costs associated with hiring key senior management personnel who are new to InnovaQor, tax
costs and costs to separate information systems, among other costs. The cost of performing such functions is anticipated to be higher
than the amounts reflected in InnovaQor s historical financial statements, which would cause its future losses to increase. Accordingly,
InnovaQor will continue to focus on increasing revenues. 

There
can be no assurance that InnovaQor will be able to achieve its business plan, raise any additional capital or secure the additional financing
necessary to implement its current operating plan. The ability of InnovaQor to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability
to significantly increase its revenues and eventually achieve profitable operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if InnovaQor is unable to continue as a going concern. 

18 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
stock is considered a penny stock, and is therefore considered risky. 

OTC
Pink Sheet stocks, and especially those being offered for less than 5.00 per share, are often known as penny stocks and
are subject to regulations which mandate the dispersion of certain disclosures to potential investors prior to any investor s purchase
of any penny stocks. Penny stocks are low-priced securities with low trading volume. Consequently, the price of the stock is often volatile
and investors may be unable to buy or sell the stock when you desire. The SEC extensively monitors penny stocks, and such
regulations are enumerated in Exchange Act Section 15(h) and Exchange Act Rules 3a51-1 and 15g-1 through 15g-100. With certain exceptions,
brokers selling our stock must adhere to the SEC s penny stock regulations, which requirements include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

Brokers
 must provide you with a risk disclosure document relating to the penny stock market. 

Brokers
 must disclose price quotations and other information relating to the penny stock market. 

Brokers
 must disclose any compensation they receive from the sale of our stock. 

Brokers
 must provide a disclosure of any compensation paid to any associated persons in connection with transactions relating to our stock. 

Brokers
 must provide you with quarterly account statements. 

Brokers
 may not sell any of our stock that is held in escrow or trust accounts. 

Prior
 to selling our stock, brokers must approve your account for buying and selling penny stocks. 

Brokers
 must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
 written agreement to the transaction. 

These
additional sales practices and the disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities. In addition, the liquidity for our
securities may be adversely affected, with related adverse effects on the price of our securities. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In
addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment
to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to
recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain
information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend their customers buy our common stock, which
may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a
market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our common stock, thereby potentially reducing
the liquidity of our common stock. 

We
have no plans to pay dividends on our Common Stock. 

We
have not previously paid any cash dividends, nor have we determined to pay dividends on any share of preferred stock or shares of Common
Stock. There can be no assurance that our operations will result in sufficient revenues to enable us to operate at profitable levels
or to generate positive cash flows. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Board of Directors will declare dividends even if profitable.
Dividend policy is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial
condition, capital requirements and other factors. 

If
we issue additional shares in the future, it will result in the dilution of our existing shareholders. 

InnovaQor
has authorized 325,000,000 shares of 0.0001 par value Common Stock of which 244,953,286 were issued and outstanding as of December
31, 2022. These shares have one vote per share. The issuance of any such shares may result in a reduction of the market price of our
outstanding shares of our common stock. Our Board of Directors and stockholders have approved an increase to 2,000,000,000
authorized shares of common stock but a certificate of amendment has not been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Nevada. 

Our
common stock is subject to conversion of other securities into common stock. 

The
Company has outstanding convertible preferred stock. Conversions of the convertible preferred stock could result in substantial dilution
of our common stock and a decline in its market price. Our Board of Directors, upon the approval of the shareholders, may seek to change
the number of authorized shares in the future, may seek to adjust the number of shares issued, and may choose to issue shares to acquire
one or more businesses or to provide additional financing in the future. The issuance of any such shares may result in a reduction of
market price of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuance will cause a reduction
in the proportionate ownership of current shareholders. 

19 

Voting
power is highly concentrated in holders of our Series A-1 Preferred Stock. 

InnovaQor
has authorized 1,000 shares of 0.0001 par value (stated value 10) Series A-1 Supermajority Voting Preferred Stock of which 1,000 were
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. So long as one share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock is outstanding, the outstanding shares
of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock shall have the number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to 51 of all votes of all classes of shares
entitled to be voted at any stockholder meeting or action by written consent. These shares have no rights to receive dividends and liquidation
rights are equal to the stated value per share. Such concentrated control of InnovaQor may adversely affect the price of our common stock.
Epizon Limited will be able to exercise control over all matters submitted for stockholder approval. A stockholder that acquires common
stock will not have an effective voice in the management of InnovaQor. 

We
are a smaller reporting company and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies will make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, and we may take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including emerging growth companies 
such as, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. Our status as a smaller reporting company is determined on an annual basis. We cannot predict if investors will
find our Common Stock less attractive or our Company less comparable to certain other public companies because we will rely on these
exemptions. For example, if we do not adopt a new or revised accounting standard, our future financial results may not be as comparable
to the financial results of certain other companies in our industry that adopted such standards. If some investors find our Common Stock
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

The
requirements of being a reporting public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability
to attract and retain additional executive management and qualified board members. 

As
a reporting public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the Dodd-Frank
Act, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial
compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly
after we are no longer a smaller reporting company. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual,
quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and results of operations. As a smaller reporting company, 
we receive certain reporting exemptions under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

Changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure create uncertainty for public companies, increase
legal and financial compliance costs and increase time expenditures for internal personnel. These laws, regulations and standards are
subject to interpretation, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and their application in practice may evolve over time as
regulators and governing bodies provide new guidance. These changes may result in continued uncertainty regarding compliance matters
and may necessitate higher costs due to ongoing revisions to filings, disclosures and governance practices. We intend to invest resources
to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts
to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities
related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate regulatory or legal proceedings against us and our business
may be adversely affected. 

As
a public company under these rules and regulations, we expect that it may make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer
liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage, incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage or determine not to obtain such coverage. These
factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors, and could also make
it more difficult to attract qualified executive officers. 

20 

Our
stock price may be volatile, which may result in losses to our shareholders. 

The
stock markets have experienced and may experience significant price and trading volume fluctuations, and the market prices of companies
quoted on the Pink Tier of the OTC Marketplace, which is where our stock is currently quoted, have experienced sharp share price and
trading volume changes. The trading price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to many
factors both in and outside of our control, and include but are not limited to the following: 

variations
 in our operating results; 

changes
 in expectations of our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; 

changes
 in operating and stock price performance of other companies in our industry; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; and 

future
 sales of our common stock. 

Stock
markets often experience significant price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations, as well as general economic and political conditions
unrelated to our performance, may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Volatility
in the price of our common stock may subject us to securities litigation. 

The
market for our common stock may be characterized by significant price volatility as compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that
our share price will be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated
securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in
the future, be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert
management s attention and resources. 

Our
common stock may become thinly traded and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices, or at all. 

We
cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for trading our common stock will be sustained. The trading volume of our
common stock may be sporadically or thinly-traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common
stock at or near bid prices at certain given time may be relatively small or non-existent. 

This
situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock
analysts, stockbrokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community who generate or influence sales volume. Even if
we came to the attention of such persons, those persons may be reluctant to follow, purchase, or recommend the purchase of shares of
an unproven company such as ours until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several
days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady
volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you
any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. 

The
market price for our common stock may become volatile given our status as a relatively small company, which could lead to wide fluctuations
in our share price. You may be unable to sell your common stock at or above your purchase price if at all, which may result in substantial
losses to you. 

The
market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include but are not limited to:
(1) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (2) manipulation
of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (3) boiler room practices involving
high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (4) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential
and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (5) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices
have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses.
Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a
position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the
confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence
of these patterns or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 

Risks
Related to Our Organization and Structure 

Our
holding company structure makes us dependent on our subsidiaries for our cash flow and could serve to subordinate the rights of our shareholders
to the rights of creditors of our subsidiaries, in the event of an insolvency or liquidation of any such subsidiary . 

Our
Company acts as a holding company and, accordingly, substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Such
subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. As a result, substantially all of our cash flow will depend upon the earnings
of our subsidiaries. In addition, we will depend on the distribution of earnings, loans or other payments by our subsidiaries. No subsidiary
will have any obligation to provide our Company with funds for our payment obligations. If there is an insolvency, liquidation or other
reorganization of any of our subsidiaries, our shareholders will have no right to proceed against their assets. Creditors of those subsidiaries
will be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal of the assets of those subsidiaries before our Company, as a shareholder,
would be entitled to receive any distribution from that sale or disposal. 

General
Risk Statement 

Based
on all of the foregoing, we believe it is possible for future revenue, expenses and operating results to vary significantly from quarter
to quarter and year to year. As a result, quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year comparisons of operating results are not necessarily meaningful
or indicative of future performance. Furthermore, we believe that it is possible that in any given quarter or fiscal year our operating
results could differ from the expectations of public market analysts or investors. In such event or in the event that adverse conditions
prevail, or are perceived to prevail, with respect to our business or generally, the market price of our Common Stock would likely decline. 

21 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

InnovaQor
does not own any properties, and currently subleases office space from Rennova on a month-to-month term at a cost of approximately 9,400
a month. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, InnovaQor may be involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings related to contractual disputes,
employment matters, regulatory and compliance matters, intellectual property rights and other litigation arising in the ordinary course
of business. InnovaQor operates in a highly regulated industry which may inherently lend itself to legal matters. Management is aware
that litigation has associated costs and that results of adverse litigation verdicts could have a material effect on InnovaQor s
consolidated financial position or results of operations. Management, in consultation with legal counsel, has addressed known assertions
and predicted unasserted claims below. 

P2P
Staffing Corp. received a judgment against HTS during 2018 in the amount of 58,784 plus accrued interest and court costs for amounts
owed. As of December 31, 2022, 10,464 was outstanding and owed for this judgment and included in accounts payable at the
balance sheet date. 

Two
former employees of CollabRx, Inc., one of the acquired subsidiaries, filed suits in a California state court against the former Parent,
Rennova and CollabRx, Inc., in connection with amounts claimed to be owed under their respective employment agreements with CollabRx,
Inc. One former employee received a judgment for approximately 253,000, which Rennova has paid in full. The other former employee received
a judgment for approximately 173,000. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

22 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is not listed on any securities exchange and is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol INQR . Because
our Common Stock is not listed on a securities exchange and its quotation on the OTC Pink are limited and sporadic, there is currently
no established public trading market for our Common Stock. 

The
following table sets forth the high and low closing prices per share of our common stock as reported for the periods indicated. Such
quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail markup, markdown on commissions and may not represent actual transactions. On
December 30, 2022, the closing price of our common stock on the OTC Pink was 0.0059 per share. 

Quarter
 Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 September 30, 2019 
 0.0220 
 0.0045 
 
 December 31, 2019 
 0.0064 
 0.0017 
 
 March 31, 2020 
 0.0025 
 0.0013 
 
 June 30, 2020 
 0.0022 
 0.0010 
 
 September 30, 2020 
 0.0036 
 0.0018 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 0.0027 
 0.0012 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.0064 
 0.0016 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.0308 
 0.0027 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.0162 
 0.0088 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.0126 
 0.0049 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.0065 
 0.0029 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.0069 
 0.0027 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.0085 
 0.0022 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.0080 
 0.0030 

Record
Holders 

There
were 81 holders of record as of December 31, 2022. In many instances, a registered shareholder is a broker or other entity holding shares
in street name for one or more customers who beneficially own the shares. 

The
transfer agent for our Common Stock is Olde Monmouth Stock Transfer Co., Inc., 200 Memorial Parkway, Atlantic Heights, New Jersey 07716.
Their telephone number is (732) 872-2727. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock and have no plans to do so in the foreseeable future. Our future dividend policy will
be determined by our Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition and performance, our
cash needs, income tax consequences and any restrictions that applicable laws, our preferred stock and any future credit or other agreements
may then impose. Dividends on our Series B-1 Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Preferred Stock are only payable when and if declared by our
Board of Directors. 

Penny
Stock 

Broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by the SEC.
Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00. Excluded from the penny stock designation are securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on NASDAQ, provided that current price and volume information with respect
to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange/system or sold to established customers or accredited investors. 

23 

The
penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a
standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer
also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker- dealer and
its salesperson in connection with the transaction, and the monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held
in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the
broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the
purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes
subject to the penny stock rules. As our Common Stock has become subject to the penny stock rules, investors may find it more difficult
to sell their shares. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
Company currently has no compensation plans under which the Company s equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Item
6. Reserved 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

SPECIAL
NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements made in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results,
performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We use the words anticipate , believe ,
 could , design, estimate , expect , intend , forecast, 
 goal, may , plan , potential , predict , project , should ,
 target, will, would or the negatives or other tense of such terms and other similar expressions
intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to future events or future financial performance and
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels or activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. 

Our
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include but are not limited to those contained in the Risk Factors section of our Form 10-K and in
our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The
following is a discussion of the financial condition and results of operation of InnovaQor as of the date of this Form 10-K. This discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with InnovaQor s audited consolidated financial statements contained in the Form 10-K. 

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following is a discussion of the financial condition and results of operation of InnovaQor as of the date of this filing. This discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with InnovaQor s audited consolidated financial statements including the notes thereto. 

Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of InnovaQor s financial condition and results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management
to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related
disclosure of contingent liabilities. Significant areas of estimation include estimating fair value of intangible assets acquired,
the impairment of assets, accrued and contingent liabilities, and future income tax obligations (benefits), among other items. On an
on-going basis, management evaluates past estimates and judgments, including those related to bad debts, accrued
liabilities, derivative liabilities, and contingencies. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. InnovaQor believes the following critical accounting policies affect its
more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. 

24 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Basis
of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

The
acquisition of an operating company by a non-operating public shell corporation typically results in the owners and management of the
operating company having actual or effective voting and operating control of the combined company. The Securities and Exchange Commission
staff considers a public shell reverse acquisition to be a capital transaction in substance, rather than a business combination. That
is, the transaction is a reverse recapitalization, equivalent to the issuance of stock by the operating company for the net monetary
assets of the shell corporation accompanied by a recapitalization. The accounting is similar to that resulting from a reverse acquisition,
except that no goodwill or other intangible assets are recorded. 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of only the HTS Group (the accounting acquirer) prior to June 25, 2021 and InnovaQor
and the Group since the date of acquisition on June 25, 2021, with the transaction being accounted for as a recapitalization of the Group
on June 25, 2021. The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America U.S. GAAP and require management to make certain judgments, estimates, and assumptions. These
may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements. They also may affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results
could differ from those estimates upon subsequent resolution of identified matters. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

InnovaQor
considers all highly liquid temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Fair
Value Measurements 

In
accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, the Company applies fair value accounting for all financial
assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements
on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets
and liabilities that are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which
it would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability,
such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following
hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy
upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement: 

Level
 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
 Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level
 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for
 the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
 or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active
 markets). 

Level
 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which fair value is derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs
 are unobservable, including the Company s own assumptions. 

The
estimated fair value of financial instruments is determined by the Company using available market information and valuation
methodologies considered to be appropriate. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the Company s accounts
receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and notes payable, approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. For
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no realized and unrealized gains on instruments valued using fair
value evaluation methods. 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets 

The
Company accounts for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment. Long-lived assets are reviewed when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of the asset may not be recoverable. When necessary, impaired assets are written down to estimated fair value based on the best
information available. Estimated fair value is generally based on either appraised value or measured by discounting estimated future
cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows. Accordingly, actual results could
vary significantly from such estimates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of the Company s fixed assets were fully depreciated
and, therefore, the carrying value of fixed assets represented fair value. Fixed assets are depreciated over lives ranging from three
to seven years. 

25 

Income
Taxes 

The
entities within the Group were included in the consolidated income tax returns of its Parent for the years ended December 31, 2020, and
prior. A determination has been made by Parent s management not to allocate any of the deferred tax assets or liabilities to the
Group as of December 31, 2020 and prior. Accordingly, the Group had not provided for income taxes in the combined financial statements.
The Company since June 25, 2021 uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, future tax liabilities
and assets are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the amounts reported in the financial
statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Future tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted or substantially enacted income tax rates expected to apply when the asset is realized or the liability settled. The effect of
a change in income tax rates on future income tax liabilities and assets is recognized in income in the period that the change occurs.
Future income tax assets are recognized to the extent that they are considered more likely than not to be realized. When projected future
taxable income is insufficient to provide for the realization of deferred tax assets, the Company will recognize a valuation allowance. 

In
accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company has determined whether a tax position of the Company is more likely than not to be sustained upon
examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent
likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Derecognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in the Company recording
a tax liability that would reduce net assets. The Company has determined that it has not incurred any liability for tax benefits as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021. State income taxes will also be due on any income generated in the future. 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606), including subsequently issued updates. This series of comprehensive guidance has replaced all existing revenue recognition
guidance. There is a five-step approach outlined in the standard. In determining revenue, we first identify the contract according to
the scope of ASU Topic 606 with the following criteria: 

Identify
 the contract(s) with a customer. 

Identify
 the performance obligations in the contract. 

Determine
 the transaction price. 

Allocate
 the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract. 

Recognize
 revenue when or as you satisfy a performance obligation. 

Revenue
is recognized when control of the promised services is transferred to the Company s customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
the Company is expected to be entitled to in exchange for those services. As the Company completes its performance obligations which
are identified in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, it has an unconditional right to consideration as
outlined in the Company s contracts. Generally, the Company s accounts receivable are expected to be collected in 30 days
in accordance with the underlying payment terms. For many of the Company s services, the Company typically has one performance
obligation; however, it also provides the customer with an option to acquire additional services. The Company typically provides a menu
of offerings from which the customer may choose to purchase. The price of each service is generally based upon an agreed hourly rate. 

Convertible
Preferred Stock 

The
Company classifies its Series B-1 and Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock as liabilities in accordance with ASC 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity since the preferred stock is convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of shares based
solely on a fixed dollar amount (stated value) known at issuance of the preferred stock. 

Basic
and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

The
Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share which requires presentation
of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income
(loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period.
Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period including stock options, using the treasury
stock method, and convertible preferred stock, using the if-converted method. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were approximately
2,572,203,000 and 2,898,163,000 common stock equivalents, respectively, which were antidilutive due to the Company s losses. 

26 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

All
recent accounting standards issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

Results
of Operations 

Financial
Presentation 

The
following sets forth a discussion and analysis of InnovaQor s consolidated financial condition and results of operations as of
and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements appearing elsewhere in this filing. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results
may differ significantly from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Risk Factors of our Form 10-K. 

Comparison
of the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following summary of our consolidated results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
as of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are included herein. 

The
following table summarizes the results of our consolidated operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year
 Ended 

31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-21 
 Change 
 
 Net
 revenues (including net revenue from related party of 191,517 and 237,551 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 343,440 
 468,883 
 (125,443 

Operating expenses: 

Direct costs of revenue 
 375,721 
 205,649 
 170,072 
 
 General and administrative
 expenses 
 1,364,263 
 1,247,687 
 116,576 
 
 Depreciation 
 
 1,185 
 (1,185 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 1,739,984 
 1,454,521 
 285,463 

Loss
 from operations 
 (1,396,544 
 (985,638 
 (410,906 

Other (expense) income: 

Other (expense) income,
 net 
 
 104,918 
 (104,918 
 
 Interest
 (expense) income 
 (217,387 
 34,877 
 (252,264 
 
 Total
 other (expense) income 
 (217,387 
 139,795 
 (357,182 

Loss before income taxes 
 (1,613,931 
 (845,843 
 (768,088 

Provision
 for income taxes 

Net
 loss 
 (1,613,931 
 (845,843 
 (768,088 

27 

Net
revenues were 343,440 and 468,883 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The reduced revenues were
a result of losing customers that were acquired or went out of business and new customers not being secured because of our inability
to invest in sales, marketing and delivery or in further development of our products. We also had lower net revenues from a related party. 

Direct
Costs of Revenue 

Direct
costs of revenue increased by 170,072 compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 principally due to increases in payroll
and related expenses. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses increased by 116,576 compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 principally due to increases
in public filing fees as well as attorney, auditor and related expenses. 

Other
Income and Expense 

During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 103,900 of other income for forgiveness of various PPP loans. We had no such
transaction during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

Loss
from Operations 

Our
operating loss increased by 410,906 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, when compared to a loss of 985,638 for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due to increases in our direct costs and general and administrative expense along with
a reduction in revenue 

Net
Loss 

Our
net loss was 1,613,931 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a net loss of 845,843 for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2021. The 768,088 increase in net loss was principally due to increases in our direct costs and general and administrative
expenses along with a reduction in revenue. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Acquisition 

At
December 31, 2022, we had 5,415 in cash on hand, a working capital deficit of 4,408,797 and an accumulated deficit of
approximately 19.6 million. In addition, we incurred a net loss of 1,613,931 and 845,843 for the twelve months ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we financed our operations with interest
bearing loans principally from our former parent company. 

InnovaQor
acquired all of the common stock of the HTS Group from Rennova on June 25, 2021. The transaction has been accounted for as a reverse
capitalization in the accompanying financial statements. 

The
change in cash used in operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented in the following table: 

Year
 Ended 

31-Dec-22 
 31-Dec-21 
 Change 

Net
 loss 
 (1,613,931 
 (845,843 
 (768,088 

Net
 cash (used in) operating activities 
 (937,384 
 (478,869 
 (458,515 

Net
 cash provided by investing activities 
 - 
 46 
 (46 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 942,753 
 447,575 
 495,178 

Net
 (Decrease) Increase in cash 
 5,369 
 (31,248 
 36,617 

28 

No
cash was provided by investing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or 2021, except for 46 of cash acquired in the
acquisition in 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities amounted to 942,753 and 447,575 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The principal financing activities were loans from the former parent. 

Going
Concern and Liquidity 

Under
Accounting Standards Update ASU ), 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), management
of InnovaQor has the responsibility to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about its ability to meet its
future financial obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. As required
by Accounting Standard Codification ASC 205-40, this evaluation shall initially not take into consideration the potential
mitigating effects of plans that have not been fully implemented as of the date the financial statements are issued. Management has assessed
InnovaQor s ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with the requirement of ASC 205-40. 

As
reflected in the consolidated financial statements, InnovaQor had a working capital deficit and an accumulated deficit of approximately
 4.4 million and 19.6 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. In addition, InnovaQor had a loss from operations of 1,396,544 and
cash used in operating activities of 937,384 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

InnovaQor s
consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming that InnovaQor can continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity
of operations through realization of assets, and the settling of liabilities in the normal course of business. Management s plans
with respect to alleviating the adverse financial conditions that caused management to express substantial doubt about InnovaQor s
ability to continue as a going concern are as follows: 

The
Company is currently conducting an offering of shares of common stock pursuant to Regulation A of the SEC. Use of proceeds are intended
for improving existing products, sales and marketing, and the beginning of the new telehealth project. 

During
2021, InnovaQor s Board of Directors approved plans to acquire the HTS Group. Completion of the acquisition occurred on June 25,
2021. The intent of the acquisition was to create a revenue generating business in the health technology space focused on its strengths
and operational plans. The acquisition of the HTS Group from Rennova is intended, among other things, to: (1) result in improved business
and operational decision-making and greater strategic and management focus for each respective business; (2) improve the Company s
ability to attract, retain and incentivize employees; (3) improve access to capital for InnovaQor; and (4) create an equity structure
for InnovaQor, resulting in an improved understanding of InnovaQor in the capital and investor markets, and a stronger, more focused
investor base for InnovaQor. Management believes that the acquisition will allow InnovaQor to more fully realize its value, and InnovaQor
to use its stock as consideration for further acquisitions and enhance the value of its equity-based compensation programs. 

In
addition, in connection with the acquisition, at the closing Rennova forgave 14,000,000 of loans it had previously made to the subsidiaries.
A further 950,000 in debt was forgiven by Rennova in September 2021, meaning all of the loans owed by the acquired subsidiaries have
been forgiven. The Company issued 14,000 shares of its Series B-1 Preferred Stock to Rennova in June 2021 and a further 950 shares in
September 2021. 

Notwithstanding
the benefits that are expected to result from the acquisition, InnovaQor has incurred substantial costs in connection with the
acquisition and the transition to being a fully reporting public company, which includes accounting, tax, legal and other
professional services costs, and may include recruiting and relocation costs associated with hiring key senior management personnel
who are new to InnovaQor, tax costs and costs to separate information systems. The cost of performing such functions is anticipated
to be more than the amounts reflected in InnovaQor s historical financial statements, which could cause its losses to
increase. Accordingly, InnovaQor will continue to focus on increasing revenues. 

There
can be no assurance that, through the acquisition of the HTS Group, InnovaQor will be able to achieve its business plan, raise any additional
capital or secure the additional financing necessary from Rennova or third parties to implement its current operating plan. The ability
of InnovaQor to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to significantly increase its revenues and eventually achieve
profitable operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if InnovaQor
is unable to continue as a going concern. 

29 

Other
Matters 

Inflation 

We
do not believe inflation has a significant effect on InnovaQor s operations. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Under
SEC regulations, we are required to disclose InnovaQor s off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have
a current or future effect on InnovaQor s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources that are material to investors. Off-balance sheet arrangements consist of transactions, agreements, or contractual arrangements
to which any entity that is not consolidated with us is a party, under which we have: 

Any
 obligation under certain guaranteed contracts. 
 
 Any
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar
 arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity, or market risk support to that entity for such
 assets. 
 
 Any
 obligation under a contract that would be accounted for as a derivative instrument, except
 that it is both indexed to lnnovaQor s stock and classified in equity in lnnovaQor s
 statement of financial position. 
 
 Any
 obligation arising out of a material variable interest held by us in an unconsolidated entity
 that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to us, or engages
 in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

As
of December 31, 2022, InnovaQor had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future
effect on InnovaQor s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to investors. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We
do not expect the adoption of any recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our net results of operations,
financial position, or cash flows. 

Seasonality 

We
do not expect our net revenues to be impacted by seasonal demands for our products and services. 

Capitalization 

The
following table sets forth InnovaQor s capitalization as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, on an historical basis. In addition,
it is not indicative of our future capitalization. This table should be read in conjunction with InnovaQor s financial statements
and notes thereto included elsewhere herein. 

The
following table sets forth our cash and capitalization as of December 31, 2022, and 2021: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash 
 5,415 
 46 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred Series A-1 Stock, Par Value 0.0001, 1,000 shares authorized, 1,000 shares issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, Par Value 0.0001, 325,000,000 shares authorized, 244,953,286 and
 234,953,286 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 24,495 
 23,495 

Additional Paid-in Capital 
 5,906,742 
 5,857,658 

Total capitalization 
 5,936,652 
 5,881,199 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

30 

ITEM
8. Financial Statements And Supplemental Data 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 
 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

31 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of InnovaQor, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of InnovaQor, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the Company has accumulated significant losses and has negative cash flows from operations. At December
31, 2022, the Company had a 4.4 million working capital deficit and 19.6 million accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company s
cash position is critically deficient and critical payments are not being made in the ordinary course of business, all of which raises
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Haynie
 Company 

April
17, 2023 

 PCAOB
# 

We
have served as the company s auditors since 2021. 

F- 1 

INNOVAQOR,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net (including related party receivable of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Due to Former Parent 

Current portion of notes payable (including related party debt of at December 31, 2022) 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable Long term 

Preferred Series B-1 Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Preferred Series C-1 Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Total temporary equity 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred Series A-1 Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

INNOVAQOR,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net revenues (including net revenue from related party of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Operating expenses: 

Direct costs of revenue 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Other (expense) income, net 

Interest (expense) income 

Total other (expense) income 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Basic and Diluted (loss) per share 

Basic and Diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

INNOVAQOR,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Series A-1 - Shares 
 Preferred
Series A-1 - Par Value 
 Common Stock - Shares 
 Common Stock Par Value 
 Additional
Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Issuance of Stock in Transaction 

Issuance of Preferred stock as part of reverse merger 

Net loss for year 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Issuance of Common Stock 

Net loss for year 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

INNOVAQOR,
INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows (used in) operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operations: 

Forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program Loans 

Depreciation 

Amortization of Debt Discount 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash flow provided by investing activities: 

Cash Acquired in Acquisition 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows provided by financing activities: 

Advances from Former Parent 

Reverse Merger 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program Loan 

Payments on Loans from Related Parties 

Sale of Common Stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of its Series B-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series B-1 Preferred Stock ).
The number of shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock was subject to a post-closing adjustment which resulted in an additional shares
of Series B-1 Preferred Stock due Rennova, which were issued in September 2021. Each share of Series B-1 Preferred Stock has a stated
value of and is convertible into that number of shares of InnovaQor s common stock equal to the product of the stated value
divided by 90 of the average closing price of InnovaQor s common stock during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the conversion
date. Conversion of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock, however, is subject to the limitation that no conversion can be made to the extent
the holder s beneficial interest (as defined pursuant to the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock) in the common stock of InnovaQor
would exceed . The fair market value of the shares was , as described below. The shares of Series B-1 Preferred
Stock may be redeemed by InnovaQor upon payment of the stated value of the shares plus any declared and unpaid dividends. Because these
shares are convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of common shares based solely on a fixed dollar amount (stated
value) known at issuance of the shares, they have been recorded as a long-term liability at the date of issuance in accordance with ASC
480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

On
June 9, 2021, InnovaQor issued shares of Series A-1 Supermajority Voting Preferred Stock (the Series A-1 Preferred Stock to the then CEO of the Company, Mr. Gerard Dab, in exchange for owed to Mr. Dab. The Series A-1 Preferred Stock has the right
to the number of votes equal to of the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting or to vote by written consent, meaning the owner of
the Series A-1 Preferred Stock has voting control of the Company. Mr. Dab was a party to an agreement whereby he committed to transfer
the Series A-1 Preferred Stock to Epizon Limited Epizon ), a Nassau, Bahamas, based management consulting company. Seamus
Lagan, the Chief Executive Officer of Rennova, the company we ultimately completed a transaction with, is also the managing director
of Epizon. The conditions of the Epizon agreement to which Mr. Dab was a party were met and the transfer of shares of Series A-1 Preferred
Stock to Epizon was completed. The terms of the agreement between Mr. Dab and Epizon had certain conditions including a condition that
if within 120 days after a transaction was completed by VisualMED, there were not any dispute or efforts to unwind the transaction, then
Mr. Dab would deliver the shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock owned by him to Epizon. Epizon, as the owner of the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock, will be able to exercise control over all matters submitted for stockholder approval. 

InnovaQor
issued shares of Series C-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series C-1 Preferred Stock to Mr. Dab in exchange
for owed to him. The shares had a fair market value of at the date of issuance, as described below. Because these shares
are convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of common shares based solely on a fixed dollar amount (stated value)
known at issuance of the shares, they have been recorded as a long-term liability at the date of issuance in accordance with ASC 480,
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

The
fair market value of all of the above shares of Series B-1 and Series C-1 Preferred Stock is based on the Option Price Method (the OPM ).
The OPM treats common and preferred interests as call options on the equity value of the subject company, with exercise prices based
on the liquidation preference of the preferred interests and participation thresholds for subordinated classes. The Black-Scholes model
was used to price the call options. The assumptions used were: risk free rate of , volatility of , and exit period of years.
Lastly, a discount rate of was applied due to the lack of marketability of the InnovaQor preferred stock and the underlying liquidity
of InnovaQor s common stock. 

Additionally,
Mr. Dab returned shares of Common Stock in InnovaQor for cancellation. 

The
goal of the Company is to develop and deliver a technology-based communication platform to a broad range of healthcare professionals
and businesses using a subscription revenue model with added value bolt on services. 

InnovaQor
has six wholly-owned subsidiaries that provide medical support services primarily to clinical laboratories, corporate operations, rural
hospitals, physician practices and behavioral health/substance abuse centers. 

Health
Technology Solutions, Inc. HTS ): HTS provides information technology and software solutions to our subsidiaries and outside
medical service providers. HTS provides vCIO, IT managed services and data analytics dashboards to our subsidiaries and outside medical
service providers. HTS operates from the corporate offices in West Palm Beach, Florida. 

Medical
Mime, Inc. Mime ): Mime was formed on May 9, 2014. It specializes in electronic health records (EHR) software and subscription
services for the behavioral health and rehabilitation market segments. It currently serves ten behavioral health/substance abuse facilities. 

ClinLab,
Inc. ClinLab ): ClinLab develops and markets laboratory information management systems to mid-size clinical laboratories.
It currently services eight clinical laboratories across the country. 

AMSG
owns CollabRx, Inc. CollabRx and Genomas, Inc. Genomas ), each of which is an inactive operation. 

Genomas
operated a diagnostics lab until December 31, 2019 and was focused solely on the pharmacogenomics technology and platform, MedTuning,
to interpret diagnostics outcomes and translate these outcomes into easily usable information to indicate the effectiveness of medications
for a patient. This solution would require minimum effort to be back in operation. CollabRx owns a technology platform and database for
interpreting diagnostics outcomes from cancer patients that could match the result to known treatments and or clinical trials. This solution
has been dormant for a number of years and to be viable in the marketplace will require updates to the technology and the database. 

Each
of the subsidiaries is wholly owned by the Company and complements each other, allowing for cross selling of products and services. The
Company believes the current solutions will become an added value option to a technology-based communication platform to a broad range
of healthcare professionals and businesses using a subscription revenue model with added value bolt on services, the Company plans to
develop. 

Existing
products offered by the Company s subsidiaries are as follows: 

M2Select 
is a custom built, cloud based, electronic health record which meets the needs of substance abuse
treatment and behavioral health providers. M2Select s specialized clinical workflow provides intuitive prompts for symptoms and
enables you to quickly select problems and create master treatment plans with goals, objectives, and interventions . M2Select provides
best-in-class patient lifecycle management for Behavioral Health/Substance Abuse (BH/SA) treatment centers. From pre-admission to billing
and aftercare, Me2Select is an electronic health record and patient management software that seamlessly integrates into the natural workflow
of day-to-day operations. 

M2Pro 
is a custom built, cloud based, electronic health record for ambulatory physician practices that meets meaningful use stage 2 and no
further. Its unique dictation services further automate the workflow process for physicians allowing them to focus on their continuum
of patient care. This product is not currently offered in the US market but could be distributed outside of the US. 

ClinLab 
is a turnkey client/server lab information system for mid-range laboratories. ClinLab supports interfaces to all major reference labs
and the ClinLab team can provide an interface to any system with that capability. ClinLab also features an optional EHR package which
enables interfacing with the most popular EHR systems allowing lab test results to integrate seamlessly into a provider s EHR for
an improved patient record and to fulfill the federal government requirements. 

Qira 
is our healthcare business analytics tool powered by PowerBI. It is a culmination of healthcare financial and revenue cycle management
plus clinical operations oversight needs. It aggregates data from multiple healthcare systems to produce a single source business intelligence
tool with executive level daily briefing to deep dive operational management of claims and operational efficiencies. There are many other
analytical services available that customize solutions but none that have a proven template for success. Our competitive advantage comes
from having created these tools to identify the deficiencies in the real world for the former parent Rennova from its former national
laboratory operations to its more recent rural hospitals. 

vCIO
Services . Based on the skills and experience inherent within InnovaQor and resulting from work undertaken on behalf of the former
parent, Rennova, InnovaQor offers a range of CIO services centered on our ability to link IT systems to business objectives combined
with our knowledge of technology trends likely to impact our sector. The CIO services would include (but not be limited to): 

Program
 and Project Management 
 
 Vendor
 Management 
 
 Business
 Continuity and Disaster Recovery 
 
 Security
 Services 
 
 Network
 Infrastructure Management 
 
 Helpdesk
 Provision 

MedTuning 
utilizes proprietary biomarkers, treatment algorithms, and a web-based interactive physician portal delivery system to provide clinical
decision support for physicians and personalized drug treatment for patients. Products are DNA-guided to improve the therapeutic benefit
of widely used prescription drugs while also reducing the risk of significant side effects for patients. 

Medical
Informatics: Our technology platform, proprietary algorithms and physician interface portal can be extended to a wide range of drug categories. 

Research
and Development: Technology platform applicable to numerous disease states; current pipeline in mental health, pain management, cardiovascular
and diabetes. 

Advantage 
is a proprietary HIPAA compliant software developed to eliminate the need for paper requisitions by providing an easy to use and efficient
web-based system that lets customers securely place lab orders, track samples and view test reports in real time from any web-enabled
laptop, notepad or smart phone. 

In the coming year we plan to develop, acquire or license and offer a medical
professional s network communication platform that includes talent search and a telehealth solution through
corporate partnerships in the emerging health technology sector. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared using U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has accumulated significant losses and has negative
cash flows from operations and, at December 31, 2022, had a working capital deficit and accumulated deficit of million and 
million, respectively. In addition, the Company s cash position is critically deficient and critical payments are not being made
in the ordinary course of business, all of which raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans with respect to alleviating the adverse financial conditions that caused management to express substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern are as follows: 

There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve its business plan, raise any additional capital or secure the additional
financing necessary to implement its current operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
its ability to increase its revenues and eventually achieve profitable operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

. 

and , respectively common stock equivalents which where antidilutive due to the Company s losses. 

. This acquisition has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition with the HTS Group being
the accounting acquiror with the excess fair value of the purchase price over net asset fair value acquired treated as a reduction of
additional paid in capital on the date of acquisition. 

Fair Value of Preferred Series B-1 Stock 

Fair Value of Preferred Series C-1 Stock 

Other 

Total 

On
the date of acquisition, InnovaQor had no assets and total liabilities of , of which was converted to equity in connection
with the acquisition. 

Unaudited
Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, as if the acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2021, would show an
additional loss of approximately due to additional consulting expense. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Less: 

Allowance for discounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, bad debt expense (recovery), was and , respectively. 

Furniture 

Office equipment 

Computer equipment 

Property
 and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense on property and equipment was 0 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management periodically
reviews the valuation of long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for potential impairment. 

Accrued legal 

Accrued interest 

Deferred revenue and customer deposits 

Other accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued
payroll and related liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included approximately million and million, respectively, of
accrued past due payroll taxes, related penalties and interest, 

due in monthly payments of principal and interest totaling beginning January 1, 2017, with a final payment due on . Non-interest bearing. Payments were not made in 2022 or 2021. 

Loans from Related Parties and Companies due September 2022 and June 2023. Original issue discount
 of , 
 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock issued in connection with the loan; unamortized debt discount of 
 at December 31, 2022. 
 in default at December 31, 2022 

Paycheck Protection Program Loans (PPP Loans). The PPP Loans and accrued interest are forgivable as long as the Company uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the Company terminates employees or reduces salaries. No collateral or guarantees were provided in connection with the PPP Loans. The unforgiven portion of the PPP Loans are payable over two years at an interest rate of per annum, with a deferral of payments for the first sixteen months. Beginning sixteen months from the dates of issuance, the Company is required (if not forgiven) to make monthly payments of principal and interest to the lenders. The Company intends to use all of the proceeds for purposes consistent with the PPP. While the Company currently believes that its use of the loan proceeds will meet the conditions for forgiveness of the loans, it cannot assure you that it will not take actions that could cause the Company to be ineligible for forgiveness of the loans, in whole or in part. 

Notes
 payable 

Less current portion 

Notes payable, long term, net of current portion 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately of Paycheck Protection Program Loans were forgiven and are recognized as other
income in the accompanying financial statements. The Company has applied for forgiveness of the remaining of these type loans. 

and
 ,
respectively. The amounts as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 are included in Due to Former Parent and Notes Payable in the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the former Parent converted 
of these advances into a promissory note in the amount of representing
a 
original issue discount. The loan is due on . Also it provides interest at 
per annum in the event of default. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Ms. Hollis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, loaned the Company . The Company entered
into promissory notes in the amount of , representing a original issue discount. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 of these loans were repaid. The loans were due on , and are currently in default. They provide for default interest
at per annum. In addition, the Company issued Ms. Hollis shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock on March 31, 2022, in connection
with one of the loans. These shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock were valued at using the Option Price Method and the same assumptions
as used to value the prior issuance of Series C-1 Preferred Stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Alcimede Limited loaned the Company . Seamus Lagan, the Chief Executive Officer of Rennova,
is the sole director of Alcimede Limited, this amount is due on demand. The Company entered into a promissory note in the amount of ,
representing a original issue discount. During the year ended , of this loan were repaid, the loan is due
on December 5, 2022 and are currently in default. Also, it provides for default interest at per annum. 

The
above amounts are not indicative of what third parties would have agreed to. 

Related
Parties Revenue 

Included
in net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively, of related party revenue with
Rennova (the former parent). 

Rent and utilities 

Total allocated costs 

shares of par value Common Stock of which and were issued and outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Preferred
Stock Series A-1 

The
Company has authorized shares of par value (stated value Series A-1 Supermajority Voting Preferred Stock of which
 were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. So long as one share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock is outstanding,
the outstanding shares of the 

Preferred
Stock Series B-1 

The
Company has authorized shares of par value (stated value Series B-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock of
which were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These shares
are convertible into the Company s Common Stock based on the stated value at a conversion price equal to of the average closing
price of the Common Stock on the Trading Days immediately prior to the Conversion Date but in any event no less than the par value
of the Common Stock. The Series B-1 Preferred Stock was not convertible prior to the first anniversary of its issuance except with the
consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares, if any, of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock. No conversion can be
made to the extent the holder s beneficial interest (as defined pursuant to the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock) in the
common stock of InnovaQor would exceed . These shares are redeemable at the option of the Company at their stated value plus declared
and unpaid dividends. Because these shares are convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable number of common shares based
solely on a fixed dollar amount (stated value) known at issuance of the shares, they have been recorded as a long-term liability at the
date of issuance in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

Preferred
Stock Series C-1 

The
Company has authorized shares of par value (stated value Series C-1 Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock of which
 and were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These shares are convertible into the Company s Common Stock based on the stated value at a conversion price equal to 
of the average closing price of the Common Stock on the Trading Days immediately prior to the Conversion Date but in any event no
less than the par value of the Common Stock. The Series C-1 Preferred Stock was not convertible prior to the first anniversary of its
original issuance except with the consent of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares, if any, of the Series A-1 Preferred
Stock. No conversion can be made to the extent the holder s beneficial interest (as defined pursuant to the terms of the Series
C-1 Preferred Stock) in the common stock of InnovaQor would exceed . These shares are redeemable at the option of the Company at
their stated value plus declared and unpaid dividends. Because these shares are convertible, at the option of the holder, into a variable
number of common shares based solely on a fixed dollar amount (stated value) known at issuance of the shares, they have been recorded
as a long-term liability at the date of issuance in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

IT Managed Services 

Software and Interfaces 

Support and Maintenance 

vCIO Services 

Software Licenses Fees 

Other 

Total Net Revenue 

Generally,
work is billed monthly by subscription with increases applied per user license. There is a discounted rate should the annual maintenance
fee be paid up front. 

For
all of the Company s services, the Company typically has one performance obligation; however, it also provides the customer with
an option to acquire additional services. The Company typically provides a menu of offerings from which the customer may choose to purchase.
The price of each service is separate and distinct and provides a separate and distinct value to the customer. Pricing is generally consistent
for each service irrespective of the other services or quantities requested by the customer. 

When
the Company receives consideration from a customer prior to transferring services to the customer under the terms of the contract, it
records deferred revenues on the Company s consolidated balance sheet, which represents a contract liability. 

The
Company has an internal sales force compensation program where remuneration is based solely on the revenues recognized in the period
and does not represent an incremental cost to the Company which provides a future benefit expected to be longer than one year and would
meet the criteria to be capitalized and presented as a contract asset on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk - Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is generally low due to the nature of the customers comprising
the customer base and the significant related party component. The Company does not require collateral or other security to support customer
receivables. However, the Company continually monitors and evaluates its client acceptance and collection procedures to minimize potential
credit risks associated with its accounts receivable and establishes an allowance for uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes
that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure beyond such allowance is not material to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company maintains its cash balances in high-credit-quality financial institutions. The Company s cash balances may, at times, exceed
the deposit insurance limits provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. 

Guarantees 

Certain
subsidiaries of the Company have guaranteed debt obligations of their former Parent. As part of the transaction with the Company, the
former Parent received a release of guarantees from certain institutional lenders and has been working to settle other debt obligations
where certain subsidiaries of the Company remain a guarantor. The Company believes that any risk associated with previous guarantees
is now minimal and immaterial. 

Legal
Matters 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings related to contractual disputes,
employment matters, regulatory and compliance matters, intellectual property rights and other litigation arising in the ordinary course
of business. The Company operates in a highly regulated industry which may inherently lend itself to legal matters. Management is aware
that litigation has associated costs and that results of adverse litigation verdicts could have a material effect on the Company s
condensed consolidated financial position or results of operations. Management, in consultation with legal counsel, has addressed known
assertions and predicted unasserted claims below. 

P2P
Staffing Corp. received a judgment against HTS during 2018 in the amount of plus accrued interest and court costs for amounts
owed. As of each of December 31, 2022 and 2021, was outstanding and owed for this judgment and included in accounts payable in
the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Two
former employees of CollabRx, Inc., one of the acquired subsidiaries, filed suits in a California state court against the former Parent,
Rennova, and CollabRx, Inc., in connection with amounts claimed to be owed under their respective employment agreements with CollabRx,
Inc. One former employee received a judgment for approximately , which Rennova has paid in full. The other former employee received
a judgment for approximately . 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Series A-1, B-1 C-1 Preferred Stock issued for transaction 

Advances Transfer to Notes Payable by Former Parent 

Stock Issued for Debt to Related Party 

Debt Discount offset Notes Payable 

F- 15 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Management
does not expect that its internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. Control systems, no matter
how well conceived and managed, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of
a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of
the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over
time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
not be detected. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as of December 31, 2022, the Company conducted an evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under
Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, based on the material weaknesses discussed below, the disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports
filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that its disclosure controls are not effectively designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The
Company s internal controls are not effective for the following reasons, (1) there are no entity level controls, because of the
limited time and limited abilities of the Company s officers, (2) there is no separate audit committee, and (3) the Company has
not implemented adequate system and manual controls. As a result, the Company s internal controls have inherent weaknesses, which
may increase the risks of errors in financial reporting under current operations and accordingly are not effective as evaluated against
the criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 version). Based on the evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Even
though there are inherent weaknesses, management has taken steps to minimize the risk. The Company uses a third-party consultant CFO
to review transactions for appropriate technical accounting, and to reconcile accounts, review significant transactions and prepare
financial statements. Any deviation or errors are reported to management. 

The
Company can provide no assurance that its internal controls over financial reporting will be compliant in the near future. As revenues
permit, the Company will enhance its internal controls through additional software and other means. If and when it obtains funding, the
Company will create an audit committee comprised of independent directors. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the last quarterly period covered by this
report that have materially affected, or are likely to affect, the internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 

Not
applicable. 

32 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of our directors and executive officers. Directors are elected annually. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Justin
 Doherty 
 
 55 
 
 Director,
 Chairman 
 
 Sharon
 L. Hollis 
 
 46 
 
 Director,
 President, CEO 
 
 Thomas J. Bellante 
 
 74 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Gerard
 Dab 
 
 75 
 
 Director,
 Secretary 

There
are no agreements with respect to electing directors. Each director shall serve for a term of one year or until his or her successor
is elected at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is qualified, subject to removal by InnovaQor s shareholders. The Board of
Directors appoints officers annually and each executive officer serves at the discretion of the Board of Directors. InnovaQor does not
have any standing board committees at this time, and due to its small size does not believe that committees are necessary at this time.
As of the date of this filing our three directors fulfill the duties of an audit committee. None of the directors held any directorships
during the past five years in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject
to the requirements of Section 15(d) of such act, or of any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940. 

Justin
Doherty is a member of our Board and was appointed to our Board and as Chairman on July 6, 2021. Mr. Doherty brings over 20 years
of international experience in integrated facility management and software solutions for multiple industries across the UK, Europe and
the USA. Mr. Doherty previously owned and operated Axis Control Systems for over 10 years, where he started, grew and eventually sold
the business. His main area of expertise is operational management and process improvement within the technological and healthcare field,
with experience ranging from security systems to healthcare solutions and dementia home health care facilities. 

Mr.
Doherty was until the end of 2018 CEO of Medical Mime and ClinLab from April 2016 and March 2014, respectively, each an InnovaQor company
specializing in healthcare technologies for medical practices throughout the United States. He is currently a Board member for Pathlogic
Limited. Mr. Doherty is the managing director of Zest Fire and Security Ltd., which he founded in August 2020. 

Sharon
L. Hollis is a member of our Board and was appointed to our Board and as our Chief Executive Officer on July 6, 2021. Ms. Hollis
transitioned from property sales in New York and Florida into healthcare in 2010 when she oversaw the development of a proprietary lab
ordering and reporting software, Advantage, which allowed doctors and clinical laboratories to evolve from paper orders and reports with
minimal disruption and cost. Ms. Hollis oversaw the evolution of Advantage to a fully integrated product that allowed real time tracking
of lab samples and their results from sample collection to reporting and billing. Ms. Hollis sold her interests in this software to
the predecessor of Rennova, Medytox Solutions, Inc., in 2012 and was the VP of Operations of the corporate office to 2015 overseeing
sales development, customer care, process improvement and development of software products and their integration and medical billing
related processes. From October 2015, as the owner of PetVetCorp, Inc., Ms. Hollis built a veterinarian health records software. Ms.
Hollis re-joined Rennova in 2016 and became the COO of the software division, HTS in 2018. Ms. Hollis focused on setting direction
for the software division in anticipation of a separation from Rennova and was engaged in the provision of software solutions to
Rennova s hospital entities for real-time reporting and analysis of billing related data in easy to utilize dashboards for management.
Ms. Hollis focus is on the provision of easy-to-use software solutions that create efficient solutions and visual interpretation
of necessary and actionable data and information. 

Thomas
J. Bellante has served as our Acting Chief Financial Officer since February 2022. Mr. Bellante has been practicing in public accounting
since 1969. In November 2012, he started the CPA firm of Thomas J. Bellante CPA PA, where he is the Managing Partner. It assists smaller/public
companies with their SEC filing requirements. From 2012 until 2020, Mr. Bellante was the Chief Financial Officer of Garyn Angel Enterprises,
Inc., a company that designs, develops, markets and distributes products that provide consumers the ability to refine herbs into topical
preparations and ingredients for edibles. He also has been with Surety Accounting Services since their inception in June 2018. He was
a shareholder with that firm handling tax planning, tax return preparation, financial consulting and bookkeeping for its clients. He
joined the firm of Pender McNulty Newkirk in April 1976. In 1981, he became a partner of that firm. Mr. Bellante led that firm s
Audit Department and established the SEC Practice Division. Under his leadership, that firm s SEC Practice Division was ranked
48th in Bowman First Alert s 2006 list of the Top 100 Public Company Accounting Firms in the U.S. He served as that firm s
Managing Partner from 1989 to 2005, growing the company to a 52-person CPA firm. In January 2013, Pender Newkirk Company joined
forces with Warren Averett, LLC. Warren Averett, with more than 800 employees, is presently ranked among the nation s Top 30 accounting
firms. Mr. Bellante served as a leader of that firm s SEC Practice Group. Mr. Bellante s industry experience includes reporting
for public shell corporations, construction firms, software developers, manufacturing companies, R.V. dealerships, mortgage brokers and
bankers, brokerage dealers, international communication system companies, real estate developers, data processing companies, import/export
companies, development stage enterprises and multi-state/international corporate conglomerates. 

Gerard
Dab is a member of our Board and was appointed as a Director, CEO, Chairman of the Board, and Corporate Secretary on October 6, 2004.
As part of the agreement with Rennova he resigned his position as CEO and Chairman of the Board on July 6, 2021 and retained the positions
of Director and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Dab is a pioneer of the modern healthcare informatics industry. He is notably the co-founder
of one of the world s most innovative systems for the automation of clinical workflow in hospitals and medical facilities that
had been originally developed at McGill University Royal Victoria Hospital. 

His
companies provided advanced software platforms that power clinical applications at point of care in hospitals and clinics developed at
a cost of some 50,000,000. These applications offered advanced patient management clinical systems with full diagnostic and medical
content including decision support that have been developed by senior McGill University practitioners and were used by more than 1,000
clinicians and care givers in the US and Canada. 

33 

Prior
to his work in the healthcare field, Mr. Dab worked for advertising giant Foote, Cone Belding of Chicago following his graduation
from McGill University. During the 1980s, he founded and was the managing partner of Productions Publi-Cit , a film and television
finance company that helped raise some 100,000,000 in production money for independent film producers. During the 1990s, Dab Communications
was noted for producing weekly information programs on Canadian network television about investing, created with the support of Maryland
Public Television and Louis Rukeyser, long-time host of Wall Street Week. 

Independence
of Directors 

In
determining the independence of our directors, we will apply the definition of independent director provided under the
listing rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ ). Pursuant to these rules, we anticipate that two of our directors
will be independent within the meaning of NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605. 

We
do not expect there to be a family relationship between any of the individuals who are expected to serve as members of our Board and
as our executive officers. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

As
of the date hereof, we are unable to estimate when the Company will posses sufficient capital, whether derived from sales revenues
or otherwise, for the payment of salaries to our management. The Board of Directors has approved a compensation for our CEO, Sharon
L. Hollis, of 250,000 a year and approved compensation of 7,500 a month for Thomas J. Bellante to act as a part time contracted
CFO. These amounts are currently being accrued. 

Currently,
there are no other executives but InnovaQor plans to appoint additional executives and may reimburse its executives for expenses incurred
in connection with travel, networking, and day to day business development. 

The
following table sets forth all of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each individual that served as our principal executive
officer or principal financial officer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did not have any other executive
officers during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Prior to July 6, 2021, Mr. Dab performed the duties of both the principal
executive officer and the principal financial officer. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Nonequity Incentive Plan Compen-sation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compen-sation Earnings 
 All Other Compen-sation (2) 
 Total 

Gerard Dab, former CEO (1) 
 2022 

108,000 
 108,000 

2021 

500,000 
 500,000 

Sharon Hollis, CEO (3) 
 2022 
 250,000 

250,000 

2021 
 125,000 

125,000 

Thomas J. Bellante, Interim CFO (4) 
 2022 

90,000 
 90,000 

2021 

45,000 
 45,000 

(1)
Mr. Dab resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company on July 6, 2021. He continues to act as Secretary and as a Director. 

(2)
Pursuant to an agreement with the Company, Mr. Dab provided services in connection with the acquisition of the Group in exchange for
 500,000. Mr. Dab then forgave 300,000 owed to him by the Company in exchange for 1,000 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock and forgave
an additional 200,000 owed to him by the Company in exchange for 200 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock. 

(3)
Ms. Hollis became Chief Executive Officer of the Company on July 6, 2021. 

(4)
Mr. Thomas J. Bellante became Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company on July 6, 2021. 

34 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

The
following table provides information regarding outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers at December 31, 2022 and
2021: 

Name 
 
 Number of shares underlying unexercised options exercisable 
 Number of shares underlying unexercised options un-exercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards; Number of shares underlying unexercised unearned options 
 Option exercise price 
 Option expiration 
 Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 Equity
Incentive Plan Awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 
 Gerard Dab 
 2022 

Gerard Dab 
 2021 

Sharon Hollis 
 2022 

Sharon Hollis 
 2021 

Thomas J. Bellante 
 2022 

Thomas J. Bellante 
 2021 

AGREEMENTS
WITH NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Gerard
Dab 

Consulting
Agreement the Company entered into a consulting agreement effective June 1, 2021, with Dial M Productions LLC, a company
owned by Mr. Dab for a period of one year to assist in developing the Company s business including communications with existing
shareholders and the general public. The agreement provided that the Company would pay 3,500 a month and an additional 60,000 upon
the earlier of receipt of funding from an outside source or within 90 days. These amounts have not been paid. On June 1, 2022, the agreement
was extended for another year. The Company continues to owe the amounts provided for in the original agreement and the new agreement
increases the monthly fee to 4,500. The amounts payable to Mr. Dab under this agreement include the fees payable to him as a Director of the Company. 

Director
Compensation 

InnovaQor
has not paid any director s fees or other cash compensation for services rendered as a director since the acquisition of the HTS
Group to the date of this filing. Compensation of 30,000 per year for each director (excluding the CEO) has been agreed for the next
12 months. 

We
do not pay employee directors for Board service in addition to their regular employee compensation. The Board has the primary responsibility
for considering and determining the amount of director compensation. 

35 

The
following table shows amounts earned by each non-employee Director in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Director 
 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Gerard Dab 
 2022 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 Gerard Dab 
 2021 
 10,500 

10,500 
 
 Lewis Lombardo (1) 
 2021 

Justin Doherty (2) 
 2022 
 30,000 

30,000 
 
 Justin Doherty (2) 
 2021 

(1)
Mr. Lombardo resigned as a Director in connection with the acquisition of the Group on June 25, 2021. 

(2)
Mr. Doherty was elected to the Board of Directors on July 6, 2021. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, information regarding beneficial ownership of our capital stock by: 

Each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of any
 class of our voting securities; 
 
 Each
 of our executive officers; 
 
 Each
 of our directors; and 
 
 All
 of our current executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and generally means
that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she, or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security,
including convertible securities, warrants and options that are convertible or exercisable within 60 days. Except as indicated by the
footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons named in the table below have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares shown that they beneficially own, subject to community property laws where applicable. The
address for each of our executive officers and directors is c/o InnovaQor, Inc., 400 South Australian Avenue, Suite 800, West Palm Beach,
Florida 33401. 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 No. of Shares of Class Owned 
 Percentage of Ownership (1) 
 Total Percentage of Voting Power (2) 
 
 Series A-1 Preferred Stock 
 Epizon Limited (3) 
 1,000 
 100 
 51,00 

Common Stock 
 Sharon L. Hollis (4) 
 6,393,862 
 2.54 
 1.24 

Justin Doherty 

Gerard Dab (5) 
 12,865,138 
 4.99 
 2.45 

Thomas J. Bellante 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (4 persons) (6) 
 19,259,000 
 7.29 
 3.57 

Ithaca Scientific Ventures (7) 
 11,000,000 
 4.49 
 2.20 

Real Gauthier (8) 
 18,300,000 
 7.47 
 3.66 

(1)
Based on 244,953,286 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and additional shares deemed to be outstanding
as to a particular person, in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC
rules to generally include shares of Common Stock subject to options or issuable upon conversion of convertible securities or exercise
of warrants, and such shares are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such options, securities or warrants,
but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. This table assumes the Company has sufficient authorized
shares of Common Stock available to permit the conversion of all outstanding convertible securities and the exercise of all outstanding
warrants and options. 

36 

(2)
The Company has two classes of voting securities, the Common Stock and the Series A-1 Preferred Stock. Each share of Common Stock has
one vote. So long as one share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Series A-1 Preferred Stock has the number of votes,
in the aggregate, equal to 51 of all votes of all classes of shares entitled to be voted at any stockholder meeting or action by written
consent. 

(3)
Epizon Limited Epizon owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock. The Series A-1
Preferred Stock is not convertible into Common Stock but holders of Series A-1 Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on all matters
submitted to a vote of the holders of Common Stock. Regardless of the number of shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock outstanding and
so long as at least one share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock is outstanding, the outstanding shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock
shall have the number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to 51 of all votes entitled to be voted at any annual or special meeting of
stockholders of the Company or action by written consent of stockholders. Epizon will be able to exercise control over all matters
submitted for stockholder approval. Epizon s address is Suite 104a, Saffrey Square, Bank Lane, P.O. Box N-9306, Nassau,
Bahamas. All of the outstanding capital stock of Epizon is owned by The Shanoven Trust, of which P. Wilhelm F. Tooth serves as
trustee. Seamus Lagan is the settlor and Mr. Lagan s family are beneficiaries of The Shanoven Trust. Mr. Lagan is also the
Chief Executive Officer of Rennova. Rennova owns 14,850 shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, which has no voting rights but is
convertible into Common Stock under certain circumstances. The shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock held by Rennova would, as of
December 31, 2022, be convertible into up to 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock (due to the 4.99 ownership
blocker in the terms of the Series B-1 Preferred Stock). 

(4)
Sharon Hollis owns 25 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock. The Series C-1 Preferred Stock has no voting rights but is convertible into
Common Stock under certain circumstances. The shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock held by Ms. Hollis would, as of December
31, 2022, be convertible into 6,393,862 shares of Common Stock. Because the conversion price of the Series C-1 Preferred Stock is determined based on the market price of the shares of Common Stock,
the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares are convertible will fluctuate. 

(5)
Gerard Dab owns 200 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock. The Series C-1 Preferred Stock has no voting rights but is convertible
into Common Stock under certain circumstances. The shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock held by Mr. Dab would, as of December 31,
2022, be convertible into up to 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock (due to the 4.99 ownership blocker in the
terms of the Series C-1 Preferred Stock). Because the conversion price of the Series C-1 Preferred Stock is determined based on the market price of the shares of Common Stock,
the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares are convertible will fluctuate. 

(6)
Includes Ms. Hollis and Messrs. Doherty, Dab and Bellante. Ms. Hollis and Mr. Dab also own 25 and 200 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock,
respectively, as described in the above footnotes. 

(7)
Ithaca Scientific Ventures address is 30 N. Gould St., Suite R, Sheridan, Wyoming 82801. Dr. Linda McHarg is the sole owner and
control person of Ithaca Scientific Ventures. Dr. McHarg is married to Gerard Dab. Under Quebec law, Mr. Dab and Dr. McHarg are subject
to the matrimonial regime of separation as to property. Each spouse remains the owner of his or her property and administers the property
alone. As a result, Mr. Dab disclaims any beneficial interest in any securities owned by Ithaca Scientific Ventures or Dr. McHarg and
Ithaca Scientific Ventures and Dr. McHarg similarly disclaim any beneficial interest in any securities owned by Mr. Dab. 

(8)
Mr. Gauthier s address is 225 Chabanel, Suite 114, Montreal, Quebec H2N 2C9 Canada. 

Change-in-Control 

We
do not currently have, nor are we aware of, any arrangements which if consummated may result in a change of control in the future. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

Mr. Dab, the former CEO of InnovaQor, paid certain of the disbursements on behalf of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2021.
The cash disbursements amounted to 24,993 for the years ended December 31, 2021, and are included in the accompanying Statements of Operations
as operating expenses. 

In
addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, under an agreement with the Company, Mr. Dab provided services in connection with
the acquisition of the Group in exchange for 500,000. This was reflected in the accompanying Statement of Operations as a General and
Administrative Expense. Mr. Dab then forgave the 500,000 owed to him by the Company in exchange for shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock
and Series C-1 Preferred Stock as described above. 

37 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Ms. Hollis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, loaned the Company 96,100. The Company entered
into promissory notes in the amount of 105,710, representing a 10 original issue discount. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 13,000 of these loans were repaid. The loans were due on September 6, 2022, and are currently in default. They provide for default interest
at 18 per annum. In addition, the Company issued Ms. Hollis 25 shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock on March 31, 2022, in connection with
one of the loans. These shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock were valued at 15,250 using the Option Price Method and the same assumptions
as used to value the prior issuance of Series C-1 Preferred Stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Alcimede Limited loaned the Company 32,500. Seamus Lagan, the Chief Executive Officer of Rennova,
is the sole director of Alcimede Limited, this amount is due on demand. The Company entered into a promissory note in the amount of 35,750,
representing a 10 original issue discount. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 12,554 of this loan were repaid, the loan is due
on December 5, 2022, and are currently in default. Also, it provides for default interest at 18 per annum. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company contracted with Rennova to provide Rennova ongoing health information technology-related
services totaling approximately 50,000. In addition, the Company currently subleases office space from Rennova on a month-to-month term
at a cost of approximately 9,700 per month for rent and utilities. 

To
fund the Company s operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the former Parent advanced funds and paid
expenses of InnovaQor and the Group in the amount of 918,307 and 374,473, respectively. The amounts as of December 31, 2022, and
2021 are included in Due to Former Parent and Notes Payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the former Parent converted 1,324,755 of these advanced into a promissory note in the amount of 1,457,253,
representing a 10 original issue discount. The loan is due on June 30, 2023. Also it provides interest at 18 per
annum in the event of default. 

The
above amounts are not necessarily indicative of what third parties would have agreed to. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the review of financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q. The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our accountant, Haynie Company for audit and review
services for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 127,785 and 129,625, respectively. 

Administration
of the Engagement; Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 

We
have not yet established an audit committee. Until then, there are no formal pre-approval policies and procedures. Nonetheless, the auditors
engaged for these services are required to provide and uphold estimates for the cost of services to be rendered. The percentage of hours
expended on Haynie Company, respective engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed
to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees was 0 . 

38 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
Financial Statements 

See Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
following documents are filed as exhibits hereto: 

2.1 
 
 Acquisition Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021, between Rennova Health, Inc. and VisualMED Clinical Solutions Corporation, as supplemented on June 23, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022). 
 
 3.1(i) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of InnovaQor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(i) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022) 
 
 3.1(ii) 
 
 Bylaws of InnovaQor, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(ii) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of InnovaQor, Inc. s Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2021, between Epizon Limited and Gerard Dab (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022) 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the SEC on July 29, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification by the Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Calculation Link base Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Link base Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Label Link base Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Presentation Link base Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Field herewith 

 Furnished herewith 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 
 InnovaQor,
 Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Sharon L. Hollis 

Name:
 
 Sharon
 L. Hollis 

Title:
 
 President,
 CEO and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sharon L. Hollis 
 
 President,
 CEO, and Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Sharon
 L. Hollis 

/ s/
 Thomas J. Bellante 
 
 Acting
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 J. Bellante 

/s/
 Justin Doherty 
 
 Chairman
 and Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Justin
 Doherty 

/s/
 Gerard Dab 
 
 Director
 and Secretary 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Gerard
 Dab 

40 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

Description
of InnovaQor, Inc. s Securities 

The
following is a summary of the terms of the common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), of InnovaQor,
Inc. (the Company ), which is the only security of the Company that is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. 

Common
Stock 

The
following summary of the terms of the Company s Common Stock is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by
reference to the relevant provisions of the laws of the State of Nevada, the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the
 Articles of Incorporation ), and the Company s Bylaws (the Bylaws ). Copies of the Articles of Incorporation
and Bylaws have been filed as exhibits with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

General 

The
total number of shares which the Company is authorized to issue is 350,000,000 shares consisting of 325,000,000 shares of Common Stock
and 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). As of April 4, 2023, we had
244,953,286 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and an aggregate of 16,175 shares of Preferred Stock of various series issued
and outstanding. Our Board of Directors and stockholders have approved an increase to 2,000,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock
but a certificate of amendment has not been filed as of April 14, 2023 with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada. 

The
Common Stock is traded on the OTC Pink under the symbol INQR. The transfer agent for the Common Stock is Olde Monmouth
Stock Transfer Company. 

Voting
and Other Rights 

The
holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The
holders of our Common Stock do not have any cumulative voting rights. Holders have no preemptive or preferential rights to acquire or
subscribe for any unissued shares. Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends declared by the Board of
Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to any preferential dividend rights or redemption or sinking fund
provisions. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably
in all assets remaining after payment of all debts and other liabilities and any liquidation preference of any outstanding Preferred
Stock. 

Anti-takeover
Provisions in InnovaQor s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Amending
the Bylaws 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the Board to make, alter, amend or repeal our Bylaws, subject to the power of the holders of stock
having voting power to make, alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws made by the Board. 

Special
Meetings of Stockholders 

Our
Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by (i) the holders of 10 of the voting shares
of the Company, (ii) the President, or (iii) the Board of Directors or a majority thereof. No business may be transacted at any special
meeting except as specified in the notice thereof. 

Filling
Vacancies 

Our
Bylaws provide that any vacancy on the Board of Directors, including vacancies created from an increase in the number of directors, may
be filled by the Board of Directors, though less than a quorum, for the unexpired term. The Board of Directors has the full power to
increase or decrease the number of directors from time to time without requiring a vote of the stockholders. 

Board
Action Without Meeting 

Our
Bylaws provide that the Board may take action without a meeting if all the members of the Board consent to the action in writing. Board
action through consent allows the Board to make swift decisions, including in the event that a hostile takeover threatens current management. 

Voting 

Our
shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock have majority voting rights which means they represent 51 of the voting rights of all classes of
shares combined. As the owner of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, Epizon Limited will be able to exercise control over all matters submitted
for stockholder approval. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

The
Company s authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock will be available for future issuance. We may use
additional shares for a variety of purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to fund acquisitions and
as employee compensation. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock could render more difficult
or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

The
Board of Directors has the authority to issue shares of Preferred Stock, with such relative rights and preferences as the Board may determine,
without further stockholder approval. As a result, the Board could authorize the issuance of a series of Preferred Stock that would grant
to the holders the preferred right to the Company s assets upon liquidation and the right to receive dividend payments before dividends
are distributed to holders of Common Stock. The Board has authorized two series of Preferred Stock that are convertible into Common Stock,
and it may authorize further series in the future, which could result in dilution of the then existing holders of Common Stock. 

2 

Anti-takeover
Provisions of Nevada Law 

Nevada
law contains a provision governing acquisition of controlling interest. This law provides generally that any person or
entity that acquires 20 or more of the outstanding voting shares of a publicly-held Nevada corporation in the secondary public or private
market may be denied voting rights with respect to the acquired shares, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation
elects to restore such voting rights in whole or in part. The control share acquisition act provides that a person or entity acquires
 control shares whenever it acquires shares that, but for the operation of the control share acquisition act, would bring
its voting power within any of the following three ranges: 20 to 33-1/3 ; 33-1/3 to 50 ; or more than 50 . 

A
 control share acquisition is generally defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of either ownership or voting power
associated with issued and outstanding control shares. The stockholders or Board of Directors of a corporation may elect to exempt the
stock of the corporation from the provisions of the control share acquisition act through adoption of a provision to that effect in the
articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not exempt our Common Stock from
the control share acquisition act. 

The
control share acquisition act is applicable only to shares of Issuing Corporations as defined by the Nevada law. An Issuing
Corporation is a Nevada corporation which (i) has 200 or more stockholders, with at least 100 of such stockholders being both stockholders
of record and residents of Nevada, and (ii) does business in Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. 

At
this time, we do not believe we have 100 stockholders of record resident of Nevada and we do not conduct business in Nevada directly.
Therefore, the provisions of the control share acquisition act are believed not to apply to acquisitions of our shares and will not until
such time as these requirements have been met. At such time as they may apply, the provisions of the control share acquisition act may
discourage companies or persons interested in acquiring a significant interest in or control of us, regardless of whether such acquisition
may be in the interest of our stockholders. 

The
Nevada Combination with Interested Stockholders Statute may also have an effect of delaying or making it more difficult
to effect a change in control of us. This statute prevents an interested stockholder and a resident domestic Nevada corporation
from entering into a combination, unless certain conditions are met. The statute defines combination to include
any merger or consolidation with an interested stockholder, or any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or
other disposition, in one transaction or a series of transactions with an interested stockholder having (i) an aggregate
market value equal to 5 or more of the aggregate market value of the assets of the corporation, (ii) an aggregate market value equal
to 5 or more of the aggregate market value of all outstanding shares of the corporation, or (iii) representing 10 or more of the earning
power or net income of the corporation. 

An
 interested stockholder means the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting shares of a resident domestic corporation,
or an affiliate or associate thereof. A corporation affected by the statute may not engage in a combination within three
years after the interested stockholder acquires its shares unless the combination or purchase is approved by the Board of Directors before
the interested stockholder acquired such shares. If approval is not obtained, then after the expiration of the three-year period, the
business combination may be consummated with the approval of the Board of Directors or a majority of the voting power held by disinterested
stockholders, or if the consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of (i) the highest price
per share paid by the interested stockholder within the three years immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the combination
or in the transaction in which he became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher, (ii) the market value per common share on the
date of announcement of the combination or the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever is higher, or (iii) if
higher for the holders of preferred stock, the highest liquidation value of the preferred stock. 

3 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Sharon Hollis, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of InnovaQor, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s), if any, and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s), if any, and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Sharon Hollis 

Sharon
 Hollis 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 Dated:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Thomas J. Bellante, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of InnovaQor, Inc.: 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s), if any, and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s), if any, and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Thomas J. Bellante 

Thomas
 J. Bellante 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 
 
 Dated:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of InnovaQor, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sharon Hollis, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350), that to the best of my
knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Sharon Hollis 

Sharon
 Hollis 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of InnovaQor, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Thomas J. Bellante, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350), that to the
best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Thomas J. Bellante 

Thomas
 J. Bellante 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Dated:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 vmcs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vmcs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 vmcs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 vmcs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

