<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230519_10-K_edgar_data_278166_0000278166-23-000032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15249699</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>295633</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2603201</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5123651</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3621309</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3346821</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000278166-23-000032.hdr.sgml : 20230519
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230519162351
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000278166-23-000032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230401
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230519
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230519

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000278166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOBILE HOMES [2451]
		IRS NUMBER:				860214910
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0401

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08822
		FILM NUMBER:		23940462

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3636 N CENTRAL AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 1200
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		602-256-6263

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3636 N CENTRAL AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 1200
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85012

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000278166-23-000032.txt : 20230519

10-K
 1
 cvco-20230401.htm
 10-K

cvco-20230401 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered (Nasdaq Global Select Market) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of October 1, 2022 (based on the closing price on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on October 1, 2022) was . Shares of Common Stock held by each officer, director and holder of 5 or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of May 12, 2023, shares of the registrant's Common Stock, 0.01 par value, were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 1, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6. [Reserved ] 
 30 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 39 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 43 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 43 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 44 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 47 
 Signatures 
 48 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Cavco Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation, was formed on June 30, 2003, as a successor corporation to previous Cavco entities operating since 1965. Headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, we design and produce factory-built homes primarily distributed through a network of independent and Company-owned retailers, planned community operators and residential developers. We are one of the largest producers of manufactured homes in the United States, based on reported wholesale shipments. Our products are marketed under a variety of brand names including Cavco, Fleetwood, Palm Harbor, Nationwide, Fairmont, Friendship, Chariot Eagle, Destiny, Commodore, Colony, Pennwest, R-Anell, Manorwood, MidCountry and Solitaire. We are also a leading producer of park model RVs, vacation cabins and factory-built commercial structures. Our finance subsidiary, CountryPlace Acceptance Corp. ("CountryPlace"), is an approved Federal National Mortgage Association ("FNMA" or "Fannie Mae") and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC" or "Freddie Mac") seller/servicer, and a Government National Mortgage Association ("GNMA" or "Ginnie Mae") mortgage-backed securities issuer that offers conforming mortgages, non-conforming mortgages and home-only loans to purchasers of factory-built homes. Our insurance subsidiary, Standard Casualty Company ("Standard Casualty"), provides property and casualty insurance primarily to owners of manufactured homes. The terms "Cavco," "us," "we," "our," the "Company," and any other similar terms refer to Cavco Industries, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023 ("Annual Report"). 
 We construct homes using an assembly-line process in which each module or floor section is completed in stages. This assembly-line process is designed to be flexible in order to accommodate customer requested customizations. Our operations include 29 homebuilding production lines located throughout the United States and two production lines in Mexico. We distribute our homes through a large network of independent distribution points in 48 states and Canada and 64 Company-owned U.S. retail stores, of which 50 are located in Texas. 
 On January 3, 2023, we completed the acquisition of Solitaire, Inc. and other related entities (collectively "Solitaire Homes"). This transaction added four manufacturing lines, including the two in Mexico, and 22 retail locations. The addition of Solitaire Homes strengthens our position in the Southwest and expands our manufacturing capabilities into Mexico. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination and the results of operations have been included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of acquisition. 
 CountryPlace originates and services single-family, conforming and non-confirming residential mortgages and home-only loans for itself and others. CountryPlace is authorized by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ("HUD") to directly endorse Federal Housing Administration ("FHA") Title I and Title II mortgage insurance, is an approved lender with the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs ("VA") and the U.S. Department of Agriculture ("USDA") under its Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program, is approved by GNMA to issue GNMA-insured mortgage-backed securities and is authorized to sell mortgages to, and service mortgages for, FNMA and FHLMC. A conforming mortgage or loan is one that conforms to the guidelines of a Government-Sponsored Enterprise ("GSE"), such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or a government agency, such as FHA; a non-conforming mortgage or loan does not conform to these guidelines. For further information relating to consumer loans receivable, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Standard Casualty, located in Texas, specializes in homeowner property and casualty insurance products for the manufactured housing industry and holds insurance licenses in multiple states, primarily serving the Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and Nevada markets. In addition to writing direct policies, Standard Casualty assumes and cedes reinsurance in the ordinary course of business (see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 See Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for financial information regarding the Company's business segments, factory-built housing and financial services, which are also discussed below. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Business Strategies 
 Our operations are generally managed on a decentralized basis with oversight from the home office. This decentralization enables our operators the flexibility to adapt to local market demand, be more customer focused and have the autonomy to make swift decisions, while still being held accountable for operational and financial performance. 
 Our marketing efforts are focused on providing manufactured homes that are customizable and appeal to a wide range of home buyers, on a regional basis, in the markets we serve. The primary demographics for our products are entry-level and move-up buyers and persons aged 55 and older. We also market and sell to manufactured housing community owners, subdivision developers and second home or vacation home buyers. 
 We focus on developing and maintaining the resources necessary to meet our customer's desire for varied and unique specifications in an efficient factory production environment. This enables us to attract distributors and consumers who desire the flexibility the custom home building process provides but who also seek the value and affordability created by building a home on a factory production line. 
 We strive to maintain a competitive advantage by reacting quickly to changes in the marketplace and to the specific needs of our distributors and consumers. We build homes of superior quality, offer innovative designs and floor plans, demonstrate exceptional value, provide the engineering and technical resources to enable custom home building and focus on responsive and efficient customer service after the sale. 
 Products 
 A majority of our products are constructed in accordance with the National Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards promulgated by HUD ("HUD code"). We also build park model RVs, constructed to standards approved by the American National Standards Institute, a private, non-profit organization that administers and coordinates a voluntary standardization and conformity program. Park model RVs are less than 400 square feet in size, primarily used as vacation dwellings and seasonal living, and placed in planned communities, recreational home parks and resorts. We also produce a wide variety of modular homes, which include single and multi-section ranch, split-level and Cape Cod style homes, as well as two- and three-story homes, multi-family units and commercial modular structures, including apartment buildings, condominiums, hotels, workforce housing, schools and housing for U.S. military troops (e.g., barracks). Commercial buildings are constructed in the same facilities that the residential homes are built using similar assembly line processes and techniques. These commercial projects are generally engineered to the purchaser's specifications. The buildings are transported to the customer's site in the same manner as residential homes and are often set by crane and finished at the site. 
 We produce residential homes in a variety of floor plans. Most of these homes are single-story and generally range in size from approximately 500 to 3,300 square feet but may be larger in the case of multi-level modular homes. 
 Each home typically contains a living room, dining area, kitchen, one to five bedrooms and one or more bathrooms, is equipped with central heat and hot water systems, kitchen appliances, floor coverings and window treatments. Upgrades can include fireplaces, central air conditioning, tile roofs, high ceilings, skylights, hardwood floors, custom cabinetry, granite countertops and eco-friendly elements. We also offer a variety of structural, decorative and energy efficient customizations to meet the home buyer's specifications. 
 With manufacturing facilities strategically positioned across the United States and Mexico, we utilize local market research to design homes to meet the demands of our customers. We have the ability to react and modify floor plans and designs to consumers' specific needs. By offering a full range of homes from entry-level models to large custom homes and with the ability to engineer designs in-house, we can accommodate a wide spectrum of customer requests. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 We regularly introduce new floor plans and options to appeal to changing trends in different regions of the country. We have developed engineering systems that, through the use of computer-aided technology, permit customization of homes and assist with product development and enhancement. We work with a variety of partners to meet the expanding range of housing needs, including home buyer's private land, planned neighborhoods, recreational or resort properties and workforce accommodations for agriculture and industry. 
 We employ a concerted effort to identify niche market opportunities where our diverse product lines and custom building capabilities provide us with a competitive advantage. We are focused on building quality, energy efficient homes for the modern home buyer. Our green building initiatives involve the creation of an energy efficient envelope, including higher utilization of renewable materials and provide lower utility costs. We also build homes designed to use alternative energy sources, such as solar. 
 Once a factory-built home is built at our facilities, it is then generally transported by independent trucking companies or our company owned trucks either to a retail sales center, planned community, housing development, work site or the home buyer's site. Distributors, or other independent installers utilized by us for homes sold through our Company-owned retail stores, are responsible for placing the home on site and, in most instances, arranging for connections to utilities and providing installation and finish-out services. Although manufactured homes are designed to be transportable, cost considerations result in very few being moved from their original site after installation. 
 Factory-built Housing Segment 
 Manufacturing Operations . Our manufacturing facilities employ between approximately 100 to 300 employees each. Most homes are constructed in one or more floor sections or modules on a permanently affixed steel or wood support chassis. Each section is assembled in stages beginning with the construction of the chassis, followed by the addition of other constructed and purchased components, and ending with a final quality control inspection. The efficiency of the assembly-line process and the benefits of constructing homes in a controlled factory environment enable us to produce quality homes in less time and at a lower cost per square foot than building homes on individual sites. 
 We operate a total of 31 homebuilding production lines in Millersburg and Woodburn, Oregon; Riverside, California; Nampa, Idaho; Phoenix, Glendale and Goodyear, Arizona; Deming, New Mexico; Duncan, Oklahoma; Austin, Fort Worth, Seguin and Waco, Texas; Ojinaga, Mexico (2); Montevideo, Minnesota; Dorchester, Wisconsin; Nappanee and Goshen, Indiana; Lafayette, Tennessee; Douglas and Moultrie, Georgia; Shippenville and Emlenton, Pennsylvania; Martinsville and Rocky Mount, Virginia; Cherryville, North Carolina; and Ocala and Plant City, Florida. These manufacturing facilities range from approximately 79,000 to 341,000 square feet of floor space. The production schedules for our manufacturing facilities are based on wholesale orders received from independent and Company-owned retailers, planned community operators and residential developers. Our facilities are structured to operate on a one shift per day, five days per week basis, and a typical home is completed in approximately six production days. 
 Manufactured housing is a regional business and the primary geographic market for a typical manufacturing facility is within a cost-effective shipping radius of 350 miles. Each of our manufacturing facilities serves multiple distributors and a number of one-time purchasers. Because homes are produced to fill existing wholesale orders, our factories generally do not carry finished goods inventories, except for homes awaiting delivery. Materials used in homebuilding operations are mainly standard items carried by major suppliers and consist of wood, wood products, steel, gypsum wallboard, windows, doors, fiberglass insulation, carpet, vinyl, fasteners, plumbing materials, aluminum, appliances and electrical items. Fluctuations in the cost of materials and labor may affect gross margins from home sales to the extent that costs cannot be efficiently matched to the home sales price. We continue to monitor and react to inflation in these materials by maintaining a focus on our product pricing in response to higher materials costs, but such product pricing increases may lag behind the escalation of such costs. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 From time to time and to varying degrees, we may experience shortages in the availability of materials and/or labor in the markets served. Availability of these inputs has not caused significant production halts in the current period, but we have experienced periodic shutdowns in other periods and shortages of primary building materials have caused production inefficiencies as we have needed to change processes in response to the delay in materials. These shortages may also result in extended order backlogs, delays in the delivery of homes and reduced gross margins from home sales. 
 It is difficult to predict the future of housing demand, employee availability, our supply chain or the Company's performance and operations. Our home order backlog at April 1, 2023 was approximately 244 million in wholesale sales values, down 870 million from 1.1 billion one year earlier. Distributors may cancel orders prior to production without penalty. After production of a particular home has commenced, the order becomes non-cancelable and the distributor is obligated to take delivery of the home. Accordingly, until production of a particular home has commenced, we do not consider order backlog to be firm orders. We con tinue to focus on balancing the production levels and workforce size with the demand for our product offerings to maximize efficiencies. 
 Distribution . We sold 19,376, 16,697 and 14,214 factory-built homes in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, through Company-owned and independent distribution channels. 
 As of April 1, 2023, there were a total of 64 Company-owned retail stores, located in Oregon, Arizona, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, Indiana, Oklahoma, Florida and New York. Fifty of the Company-owned retail stores are located in Texas. Company-owned retail stores are generally located on main roads or highways with high visibility, each having a sales office, which is generally a factory-built structure, and a variety of model homes of various sizes, floor plans, features and prices. Customers most often custom order a home to be built at one of our manufacturing facilities, or they may purchase a home from the inventory of homes maintained at retail locations, including model homes. Model homes may be displayed in a residential setting with sidewalks and landscaping. Each sales center usually employs a manager and one to five salespersons, who are compensated through a combination of salary and commission. We internally finance home inventories at Company-owned retail stores. 
 As of April 1, 2023, we had a network of independent distributors, of which 9 were in Arizona, 8 in each of Florida and North Carolina, 7 in California and 5 each in New York, Texas and Oregon, based on the quantity of wholesale shipments during fiscal year 2023. The remaining 53 were in 41 other states and Canada. As is common in the industry, our independent distributors typically sell homes produced by other manufacturers in addition to those we produce. Some independent distributors operate multiple sales outlets. No independent distributor accounted for 10 or more of factory-built housing revenue during any fiscal year within the three-year period ended April 1, 2023. 
 We continually seek to increase wholesale shipments by growing sales at existing independent distributors and by identifying new independent distributors to sell our homes. We provide comprehensive sales and product training, either physically or virtually, to independent retail sales associates, including providing opportunities to visit our manufacturing facilities to discuss and view new product designs as they are developed. These training seminars facilitate the sale of our homes by increasing the skill and knowledge of the retail sales consultants. In addition, we display our products at trade shows and support our distributors through the distribution of floor plan literature, brochures, decor selection displays, point of sale promotional material and Internet-based marketing assistance. 
 Independent distributors frequently finance a portion of their home purchases through wholesale floor plan financing arrangements. In most cases, we receive a deposit or a commitment from the distributor's lender for each home ordered. We then manufacture the home and ship it at the distributor's expense. Payment is due from the lender upon shipment of the product. For a description of wholesale floor plan financing arrangements used by independent distributors and our obligations in connection with these arrangements, see "Company Provided Financing Commercial Financing" below. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Warranties. We provide the retail home buyer a one-year limited warranty covering defects in material or workmanship in home structure, plumbing and electrical systems. Nonstructural components of a cosmetic nature are generally warranted for 120 days from the date of delivery, except in specific cases where state laws require longer warranty terms. The warranty does not extend to installation and setup of the home, as the distributor is generally responsible for these activities. Appliances, floor coverings, roofing and certain other components are warranted by their original manufacturer for various lengths of time. 
 Financial Services Segment 
 Finance . We provide a source of retail home buyer financing on competitive terms through our subsidiary, CountryPlace. We offer conforming and non-conforming mortgages and home-only loans to purchasers of numerous brands of factory-built homes sold by Company-owned retail stores and certain independent distributors, builders, communities and developers. We are authorized to directly endorse FHA Title I and Title II mortgage insurance, are an approved lender with the VA and the USDA under its Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loan Program, are approved to issue GNMA-insured mortgage-backed securities and are authorized to sell mortgages to, and service mortgages for, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Most loans originated by us are sold to investors, and we provide various loan servicing functions for non-affiliated entities under contract. 
 The loan contracts are fixed and step rate and have monthly scheduled payments of principal and interest. The scheduled payments for each contract would, if made on their respective due dates, result in a full amortization of the contract. Loan contracts secured by collateral that is geographically concentrated could experience higher rates of delinquencies, default and foreclosure losses than loan contracts secured by collateral that is more geographically dispersed. Our loan contracts are secured by factory-built homes located in 28 states, with the largest concentrations in Texas, Florida, New Mexico and Oklahoma (see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional geographic concentration information). 
 W e continue to assist customers in need by servicing existing loans and insurance policies and complying with state and federal regulations regarding loan forbearance, home foreclosures and policy cancellations. See further details in the "Government Regulation" section below. 
 Certain loans serviced for investors expose us to cash flow deficits if customers do not make contractual monthly payments of principal and interest in a timely manner. For certain loans serviced for Ginnie Mae and Freddie Mac, and home-only loans serviced for certain other investors, we must remit scheduled monthly principal and/or interest payments and principal curtailments regardless of whether monthly mortgage payments are collected from borrowers. Ginnie Mae permits cash obligations on loans in forbearance from COVID-19 to be offset by other incoming cash flows from loans such as loan pre-payments. Through fiscal year 2023, monthly collections of principal and interest from borro wers have exceeded scheduled principal and interest payments owed to investors; however, mandatory extended forbearance under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") and certain other regulations related to COVID-19 could negatively impact cash obligations in the future. 
 We believe that providing financing alternatives improves our responsiveness to the financing needs of prospective home buyers and presents opportunities for additional sources of loan origination and servicing revenues. We have expanded our home-only lending programs in recent years, partially with the support of independent third-party financiers. Home-only loans and non-conforming mortgages originated are either sold outright, grouped and sold as a pool of loans, or held for investment. 
 Insurance . Standard Casualty, located in Texas, specializes in homeowner property and casualty insurance products for the manufactured housing industry and holds insurance licenses in multiple states, primarily serving the Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and Nevada markets. In addition to writing direct policies, we assume and cede reinsurance in the ordinary course of business. In Texas, policies are written through one affiliated managing general agent, whic h produces a ll premiums, and through local agents, most of which are manufactured home distributors. All business outside the state of Texas is written on a direct basis through local agents. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Company Provided Financing 
 Consumer Financing. Sales of factory-built homes are significantly affected by the availability and cost of consumer financing. There are three basic types of consumer financing in the factory-built housing industry: conforming mortgage loans that comply with the requirements of FHA, VA, USDA or GSEs; non-conforming mortgages for purchasers of the home and the land on which the home is placed; and personal property loans (often referred to as home-only or chattel loans) for consumers where the home is the sole collateral for the loan (generally HUD code homes). 
 Limited secondary market availability for non-conforming mortgages and home-only personal property loans secured by manufactured homes continues to cause consumer loans and mortgages secured by manufactured homes to be more expensive than those secured by site-built homes. We work independently and with other industry participants to develop secondary market opportunities for manufactured home-only loans and non-conforming mortgage portfolios and expand lending availability in the industry. Additionally, we continue to invest in community-based lending initiatives that provide home-only financing to residents of certain manufactured home communities. We also develop and invest in home-only lending programs to grow sales of homes through traditional distribution points. We believe that growing our investment and participation in home-only lending may provide additional sales growth opportunities for our factory-built housing operations and reduce our exposure to the actions of independent lenders. 
 We also work independently and with industry trade associations to encourage favorable legislative and GSE action to address the financing needs of buyers of affordable homes. Federal law requires GSEs to implement the "Duty to Serve" requirements specified in the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, as amended by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008. In April 2022, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac released their Underserved Markets Plans for 2022 through 2024 that describe, with specificity, the actions they would take over the three-year period to fulfill the "Duty to Serve" obligation. The plans were modified in January 2023. As with prior plans, the 2022 through 2024 plans offer enhanced mortgage loan products for manufactured homes titled a s real property, including Fannie Mae's "MH Advantage" and Freddie Mac's "ChoiceHome" programs that began in the latter part of calendar year 2018. Although some progress has been made with these programs, meaningful positive im pact in the form of increased home orders has yet to be realized. The plans do not include purchases of home-only loans during the three-year timeframe. Expansion of the secondary market for home-only loans through GSE participation could support further demand for housing as lending options would likely become more affordable to home buyers. 
 Commercial Financing. Certain of our wholesale factory-built housing sales to independent distributors are purchased through wholesale floor plan financing arrangements. Under a typical floor plan financing arrangement, an independent financial institution specializing in this line of business provides the distributor with a loan for the purchase price of the home and maintains a security interest in the home as collateral. The financial institution customarily requires Cavco, as the manufacturer of the home, to enter into a separate repurchase agreement with the financial institution that, upon default by the distributor and under certain other circumstances, obligates us to repurchase the financed home at declining prices over the term of the repurchase agreement (which, in most cases, is 18 to 24 months). The price at which we may be obligated to repurchase a home under these agreements is based upon the amount financed, plus certain administrative and shipping expenses. Our obligation under these repurchase agreements ceases upon the purchase of the home by the retail customer. The maximum amount of contingent obligations under such repurchase agreements was approximately 177.9 million and 141.0 million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. The increase is the result of higher home sales prices and an increased number of units under these programs. The risk of loss under these agreements is spread over many distributors and is further reduced by the resale value of the homes that we obtain upon the execution of a repurchase. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we received a repurchase demand notice and the inventory was obtained shortly after year end. As the fair value of the inventory exceeded the amount for which it was repurchased, no reserve was deemed necessary. There were no other repurchases during fiscal 2023. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We continue to make certain commercial loan programs available to members of our wholesale distribution chain. Under our commercial loan arrangements, we provide funds for financed home purchases by distributors, community owners and developers (see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Our involvement in commercial loans helps to increase the availability of manufactured home financing to distributors, community owners and developers and provides additional opportunity for product exposure to potential home buyers. While these initiatives support our ongoing efforts to expand product distribution, they also expose us to risks associated with the creditworthiness of this customer base and our inventory financing partners. 
 Industry Overview 
 General. Manufactured housing provides an alternative to other forms of new low-cost housing such as site-built housing and condominiums, and to existing housing such as pre-owned homes and apartments. According to statistics published by the Institute for Building Technology and Safety and the United States Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census, for the 2022 calendar year, manufactured housing wholesale shipments of homes constructed in accordance with the HUD code accounted for an estimated 14.9 of all new single-family homes sold. 
 According to data reported by the Manufactured Housing Institute, approximatel y 113,000 H UD code manufactured homes were shipped during calendar year 2022, compared to the 106,000 shipped during calendar year 2021 and 94,000 shipments in 2020. Prior to 2019, annual shipments had increased each year since calendar year 2009 when 50,000 HUD code manufactured homes were shipped, the lowest level since the industry began recording statistics in 1959. 
 Home Buyer Demographics. We believe the sector of the housing market in which manufactured housing is most competitive includes consumers from diverse backgrounds with household incomes generally under 40,000. This segment has a high representation of persons aged 55 and older, as well as young single persons and young married couples. The low cost of a fully equipped manufactured home compared to a site-built alternative is attractive to these consumers. Persons in rural areas and those who presently live in manufactured homes also make up a significant portion of the demand for new manufactured housing. Innovative engineering and design, as well as efficient production techniques, continue to position manufactured homes to meet the demand for affordable housing in rural markets and manufactured housing communities. The markets for affordable factory-built housing are very competitive, as well as cyclical and seasonal. The industry is sensitive to employment levels, consumer confidence, the availability of financing and general economic conditions. 
 "First-time" and "move-up" buyers of affordable homes are historically among the largest segments of new manufactured home purchasers. Included in this group are lower-income households that are particularly affected by periods of low employment rates and underemployment. Consumer confidence is especially important among manufactured home buyers interested in our products for seasonal or retirement living. 
 The two largest manufactured housing consumer demographics, young adults and those who are age 55 and older, are both growing. According to World Bank, the U.S. adult population is estimated to expand by approximately 8.3 million between 2023 and 2028. A large segment of the population who are generally first-time home buyers, those born between 1976 to 1995 often referred to as Gen Y or Millennials, are attracted by the affordability, product diversity and location flexibility of factory-built homes. The age 55 and older category is reported to be the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population. This group is similarly interested in the value proposition; however, they are also motivated by the energy efficiency and low maintenance requirements of factory-built homes and by the lifestyle offered by planned communities that are specifically designed for homeowners who fall into this age group. 
 Competition 
 The manufactured housing industry is highly competitive at both the wholesale and retail levels, with competition based on several factors including price, product features, reputation for service and quality, depth of distribution, pr omotion, merchandising and the terms of retail customer financing. We compete with more than 30 other producers of manufactured homes, as well as with new and existing apartments, townhouses and condominiums and site-built homes. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 There are a number of other national manufacturers competing for a significant share of the manufactured housing market in the United States, including Clayton Homes, Inc. and Skyline Champion Corporation, which may possess greater financial, manufacturing, distribution and marketing resources than us. 
 There are significant competitors to CountryPlace in the markets served. These competitors include national, regional and local banks, mortgage banks and independent finance companies such as: 21st Mortgage Corporation, an affiliate of Clayton Homes, Inc. and Berkshire Hathaway, Inc.; Triad Financial Services, Inc.; and Cascade Financial Services. Certain of these competitors are larger than CountryPlace and have access to substantially more capital. CountryPlace remains competitive in breadth of loan product offerings, interest rates, customer service and loan servicing capabilities. 
 The market for homeowners' insurance is highly competitive. Standard Casualty competes principally in property and casualty insurance for owners of manufactured homes with companies such as National Lloyds and American Modern Insurance, which may be larger and offer broader types of insurance allowing them to be more aggressive in their underwriting standards. Standard Casualty remains competitive in price, breadth of product offerings, product features, customer service, claim handling and use of technology. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our manufactured homes are subject to a number of federal, state and local laws, codes and regulations. Construction of manufactured housing is governed by the National Manufactured Housing Construction and Safety Standards Act of 1974, as amended, also referred to as the Home Construction Act. In 1976, HUD issued regulations under the Home Construction Act establishing comprehensive national construction standards. In 1994, the codes were amended and expanded to, among other things, address specific requirements for homes destined for geographic areas subject to severe weather conditions. The HUD regulations, known collectively as the Federal Manufactured Home Construction and Safety Standards, cover all aspects of manufactured home construction, including structural integrity, fire safety, wind loads, thermal protection and ventilation. Such regulations preempt conflicting state and local regulations on such matters and are subject to periodic change. Our manufacturing facilities, and the plans and specifications of the HUD code manufactured homes they produce, have been approved by a HUD-certified inspection agency. Further, an independent HUD-certified third-party inspector regularly reviews our manufactured homes for compliance with HUD regulations during construction. Failure to comply with applicable HUD regulations could expose us to a wide variety of sanctions, including mandated closings of our manufacturing facilities. We believe our manufactured homes are in substantial compliance with all present HUD requirements. Our park model RVs are not subject to HUD regulations, but we believe that our park model RVs are in substantial compliance with the standards of the American National Standards Institute. 
 Transporting manufactured homes on highways is subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities. Such regulations may prescribe size and road use limitations and impose lower than normal speed limits and various other requirements. Generally, our distributors are responsible for the transportation of homes from our factory to the final destination through independent third-party transportation companies. 
 Our manufactured homes are subject to local zoning and housing regulations. In certain cities and counties in areas where our homes are sold, local governmental ordinances and regulations have been enacted which restrict the placement of manufactured homes on privately-owned land or which require the placement of manufactured homes in manufactured home communities. Such ordinances and regulations may adversely impact our ability to sell homes for installation in communities where they are in effect. A number of states have adopted procedures governing the installation of manufactured homes. Utility connections are subject to state and local regulations, which must be complied with by the distributor or other person installing the home. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Certain warranties we issue, including our principal homeowners' warranties, may be subject to the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Federal Trade Commission Improvement Act (the "Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act"), which regulates the descriptions of warranties on consumer products. In the case of warranties subject to the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, we are subject to a number of additional regulatory requirements. For example, warranties that are subject to the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act must be included in a single easy-to-read document that is generally made available prior to purchase. The Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act also prohibits certain attempts to disclaim or modify implied warranties and the use of deceptive or misleading terms. A claim for a violation of the Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act can be the subject of an action in federal court in which consumers may be able to recover attorneys' fees. The description and substance of our warranties are also subject to a variety of state laws and regulations. A number of states require manufactured home producers and distributors to post bonds to ensure the satisfaction of consumer warranty claims. 
 A variety of laws affect the financing of the homes we manufacture. The Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act (the "Truth-in-Lending Act" or "TILA") and Regulation Z promulgated thereunder require written disclosure of information relating to such financing, including the amount of the annual percentage interest rate and any finance charges. The Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act also requires certain disclosures to potential customers concerning credit information used as a basis to deny credit. The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B promulgated thereunder prohibit discrimination against any credit applicant based on certain specified grounds. The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ("RESPA") and Regulation X promulgated thereunder require certain disclosures regarding the nature and costs of real estate settlements. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") has adopted or proposed various Trade Regulation Rules dealing with unfair credit and collection practices and the preservation of consumers' claims and defenses. Direct loans and mortgage loans eligible for inclusion in a Ginnie Mae security are subject to the credit underwriting requirements of the FHA, USDA or VA. A variety of state laws also regulate the form of financing documents and the allowable deposits, finance charge and fees chargeable pursuant to financing documents. The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, implemented by Regulation F, applies to certain loans and contracts that we service for certain investors and prohibits debt collectors from engaging in harassment or abuse, making false or misleading representations, or engaging in unfair practices in debt collection. 
 In 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") was passed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act was a sweeping piece of legislation designed to reform credit and lending practices after the global credit crisis of 2008. On May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Reform Act") was signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Reform Act revises portions of the Dodd-Frank Act, reduces the regulatory burden on smaller financial institutions, including eliminating certain provisions of the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (the "SAFE Act"). With the elimination of certain provisions of the SAFE Act, manufactured housing distributors can now assist home buyers with securing financing for the purchase of homes; however, they may not assist in negotiating the financing terms. This has facilitated access to financing and makes the overall home buying experience smoother for the consumer. 
 Certain CFPB mortgage finance rules required under the Dodd-Frank Act, and modified by the Dodd-Frank Reform Act, apply to consumer credit transactions secured by a dwelling, which include real property mortgages and home-only loans secured by manufactured homes. These rules defined standards for origination of a Qualified Mortgage ("QM"), established specific requirements for lenders to prove borrowers' ability to repay loans and outlined the conditions under which QMs are subject to safe harbor limitations on liability to borrowers. The rules also establish interest rates and other cost parameters for determining which QMs fall under safe harbor protection. Among other issues, QMs with interest rates and other costs outside the limits are deemed "rebuttable" by borrowers and expose the lender and its assignees (including investors in loans, pools of loans and instruments secured by loans or loan pools) to possible litigation and penalties. 
 The CFPB issued a final rule, effective June 30, 2021, with mandatory compliance as of October 1, 2022, which expands the definition of a General QM and gives lenders more leeway to determine a borrower's likelihood of repayment. Under the original QM rule, the ratio of the consumer's total monthly debt to total monthly income could not exceed 43 for a loan to be considered a QM. In December 2020, the Bureau issued a QM Final Rule which amended Regulation Z by replacing the original debt ratio-based QM definition with a limit based on loan pricing, among other changes to the definition. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 The original QM rule also defined a temporary category of QMs, commonly known as the GSE Patch, which includes mortgages that are eligible to be purchased or guaranteed by either of the GSEs while operating under the federal conservatorship. Under the original QM rule, the GSE Patch was set to expire on July 1, 2021. However, the CFPB extended the mandatory compliance date of the new General QM rule beyond July 1, 2021. Nonetheless, some lenders originating loans for sale to the GSEs elected to no longer originate General QM loans with debt-to-income ratios in excess of 43 or GSE Patch QM loans for borrower applications received on or after July 1, 2021. 
 While many manufactured homes are currently financed with agency-conforming mortgages in which the ability to repay is verified, and interest rates and other costs are within the safe harbor limits established under the CFPB mortgage finance rules, certain loans to finance the purchase of manufactured homes, especially home-only loans and non-conforming mortgages, may fall outside the safe harbor limits. Failure to comply with these regulations, changes in these or other regulations, or the imposition of additional regulations, could affect our earnings, limit our access to capital and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 The CFPB rules amending TILA and RESPA expanded the types of mortgage loans that are subject to the protections of the Home Ownership and Equity Protections Act of 1994 ("HOEPA"), revised and expanded the tests for coverage under HOEPA, and imposed additional restrictions on mortgages that are covered by HOEPA. As a result, certain manufactured home loans are subject to HOEPA limits on interest rates and fees. Loans with rates or fees in excess of the limits are deemed "High Cost Mortgages" and provide additional protections for borrowers, including with respect to determining the value of the home. Based on our experience, we believe that most loans for the purchase of manufactured homes have been written at rates and fees that would not appear to be considered High Cost Mortgages under the new rule. Although some lenders may continue to offer loans that are now deemed High Cost Mortgages, the rate and fee limits appear to have deterred some lenders from offering loans to certain borrowers and may continue to make them reluctant to enter into loans subject to the provisions of HOEPA. As a result, some prospective buyers of manufactured homes may be unable to secure financing necessary to complete manufactured home purchases. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act amended provisions of TILA to require rules for appraisals on principal residences securing higher-priced mortgage loans ("HPML"). Certain loans secured by manufactured homes, primarily home-only loans, could be considered HPMLs. Among other things, the rules require creditors to provide copies of appraisal reports to borrowers prior to loan closing, although loans secured solely by a manufactured home and not land are exempt from the HPML appraisal requirement so long as the lender provides the home buyer with alternative information about the home value in one of three allowable forms. While it's not possible to determine the magnitude of these changes, some prospective home buyers may be deterred from completing a manufactured home purchase as a result of the disclosure of the appraised value. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also required integrating disclosures provided by lenders to borrowers under TILA and RESPA. The final rule became effective October 3, 2015. The TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure ("TRID") mandated extensive changes to the mortgage loan closing process and necessitated significant changes to mortgage origination systems. 
 Regulation C of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act ("HMDA") requires certain financial institutions, including non-depository institutions, to collect, record, report and disclose information about their mortgage lending activity. The data-related requirements in the HMDA and Regulation C are used to identify potential discriminatory lending patterns and enforce anti-discrimination statutes. The Dodd-Frank Act transferred rulemaking authority for HMDA to the CFPB, effective in 2011. It also amended HMDA to require financial institutions to report additional data points and to collect, record and report additional information. The CFPB issued a final rule amending Regulation C, which became effective on January 1, 2018. Modifications to the rule became effective July 1, 2020. Regulation C generally applies to consumer-purpose, closed-end loans and open-end lines of credit that are secured by a dwelling. Non-depository financial institutions are subject to Regulation C if they originate at least 100 covered closed-end mortgage loans or at least 200 covered open-end lines of credit in each of the two preceding calendar years. Violations of Regulation C, including incomplete, inaccurate or omitted data, are subject to administrative sanctions, including civil money penalties, and compliance can be enforced by the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the National Credit Union Administration, HUD or the CFPB. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 FHA Title I program guidelines provide Ginnie Mae the ability to securitize manufactured home FHA Title I loans. These guidelines are intended to allow lenders to obtain new capital, which can then be used to fund new loans for their customers. Home-only loans have languished for several years while these changes were meant to broaden home-only financing availability for prospective homeowners. We are aware of only a small number of loans currently being securitized under the Ginnie Mae program. 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. While the CARES Act contains a variety of provisions, including, among other things, unemployment benefit expansion and emergency funding of public health care initiatives, it also grants forbearance rights and foreclosure protection to borrowers with loans purchased by a GSE or insured by FHA, USDA or VA. Borrowers with these federally backed mortgage loans who are experiencing hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic may request forbearance for six months, regardless of delinquency status. Forbearance may be extended for an additional six months at the borrower's request, and they may request up to two additional three-month extensions, for a maximum of 18 months of total forbearance . The federal foreclosure moratorium expired on July 31, 2021; however, mortgage servicers were precluded from proceeding with foreclosure until January 1, 2022. Effective August 31, 2021, the CFPB published rules to help homeowners pursue loss mitigation options with mortgage servicers to avoid foreclosure. These rules allowed mortgage servicers to offer certain streamlined loss mitigation options. The FHA allowed for an extension of the foreclosure-related eviction moratorium for foreclosed borrowers through September 30, 2021. When the eviction moratorium for federally backed loans ended, mortgage servicers could only proceed with foreclosures if borrowers had abandoned their properties or had not responded to mortgage servicers' efforts to assist with loss mitigation options. On February 10, 2023, President Biden extended the national emergency declaration for the COVID-19 pandemic which ultimately terminated on May 11, 2023. 
 The Treasury Department issued guidance regarding the Homeowner Assistance Fund ("HAF"), which was established under section 3206 of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021. The HAF was established to mitigate financial hardships associated with the COVID-19 pandemic by providing funds to eligible state agencies for the purpose of preventing homeowner mortgage delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures, loss of utilities or home energy services and displacements of homeowners experiencing financial hardship after January 21, 2020, through qualified expenditures related to mortgages and housing. Eligible state agencies participating in HAF are responsible for the selection and qualification of borrowers to receive HAF funds. 
 Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae each require that lenders such as CountryPlace maintain minimum levels of capital and liquidity to be eligible to sell or service single-family mortgage loans purchased by the GSEs or included in mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae. The current eligibility requirements became effective on December 31, 2015. On January 31, 2020, Federal Housing Finance Agency ("FHFA") initially released its "Servicer Eligibility 2.0" proposed enhancements to the requirements for public input. The requirements establish a minimum level of tangible net worth and liquidity that distinguishes between loans serviced for Ginnie Mae and the GSEs and include a fixed base capital requirement as well as an incremental charge that reflects the volume and risk of a seller/servicer's servicing portfolio. The requirements also establish minimum liquidity levels based on a fixed percentage of the sellers/servicers loans held for sale and interest rate lock commitments outstanding. Ginnie Mae eligibility requirements include risk-based capital adjustments for excess value of mortgage servicing rights. The final net worth and base liquidity requirements become effective on September 30, 2023, and additional loan origination and Ginnie Mae's risk-based capital requirements become effective December 31, 2023. We have evaluated the proposal and believe that CountryPlace's capital and liquidity are such that we will continue to satisfy the requirements as currently proposed. 
 On April 19, 2021, the CFPB issued an interim final rule, effective November 30, 2021, amending Regulation F to require debt collectors to provide written notice to certain consumers of their protections under the Center for Disease Control and Prevention's eviction moratorium order of March 29, 2021. The interim final rule also prohibits certain communications methods and content and places limits on debt collectors' attempts to communicate with consumers who are obligated to repay debt, attorneys representing them or related parties. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 On December 9, 2021, the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") amended the Safeguards Rule, 16 CFR Part 314, which addresses the safeguard and protections that financial institutions are required to have in place to protect consumer financial data and other sensitive information. FTC delayed the effective date of the amended Safeguards Rule until June 9, 2023. The amended Safeguards Rule requires administrative, technical and physical safeguards to access, collect, distribute, process, protect, store, use, transmit, dispose of or otherwise handle certain types of consumer information. 
 Standard Casualty's insurance operations are regulated by the state insurance departments where it underwrites its policies. Our insurance product sales are subject to various state insurance laws and regulations, which govern allowable charges and other insurance practices. Underwriting, premiums, investments and capital reserves (including dividend payments to stockholders) are subject to the rules and regulations of these state agencies. 
 Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with applicable regulations and violations may result in the payment of fines, the entry of injunctions or both. Although we believe that our operations are in substantial compliance with the requirements of all applicable laws and regulations, these requirements have generally become more stringent in recent years. Accordingly, we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with all applicable laws and enforcement policies. 
 Seasonality 
 The housing industry is generally subject to seasonal fluctuations based on new home buyer purchasing patterns. Demand for our core new home products typically peaks each spring and summer before declining in the winter, consistent with the overall housing industry, although this pattern became distorted during the COVID-19 pandemic. Diversification among our product lines and operations has partially offset the impact of any seasonal fluctuations. Additionally, demand patterns for park model RVs, cabins and homes used primarily for retirement or seasonal living partially offset general housing seasonality. 
 CountryPlace realizes no seasonal impacts from its mortgage servicing operations. However, the mortgage subsidiary does experience minimal seasonal fluctuation in its mortgage origination activities because of the time needed for loan application approval processes and subsequent home loan closing activities. Revenue for Standard Casualty is also not substantially impacted by seasonality, as it recognizes revenue from policy sales ratably over each policy's term year. However, we are subject to adverse effects from excessive policy claims that may occur during periods of inclement weather, including seasonal spring storms or fall hurricane activity in Texas where most of our policies are underwritten. Losses from catastrophic events are limited by reinsurance contracts in place as part of our loss mitigation structure. Purchasing reinsurance contracts mitigates the frequency and/or severity of losses incurred on insurance policies issued, such as in the case of a catastrophe that generates a large number of serious claims on multiple policies at the same time. Under these agreements, we may be required to repurchase and reestablish the reinsurance contracts for the remainder of the year to the extent that they have been utilized. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") 
 We are committed to being responsible stewards of the environment by considering our environmental impact and risks while conducting business and complying with environmental laws and regulations. In order to consider ourselves a successful company, we must also pay attention to and improve our impact on the environment. Success in our efforts to increase energy efficiency and waste reduction to positively impact lives and being responsible stewards of the environment are inseparable. 
 Senior management sets the direction regarding company environmental priorities and initiatives and monitors all progress and performance. The Board of Directors oversees all strategic priorities, including environmental initiatives and periodically reviews reports on Cavco's environmental management, strategy, disclosures, initiatives and policies. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 We are conscious that the thoughtful choice of components and materials can further reduce our impact on the environment and provide clean, healthy air quality within the home. We constantly evaluate new materials, systems and products for our homes to determine where we can make cost efficient changes to improve the quality of living in our homes and the impact on the environment. We design our homes to be energy efficient and environmentally friendly, including prioritizing, when possible, the use of renewable materials and provide lower utility costs. Our homes are tightly constructed with upgraded insulation in the attic, walls and floors. These improvements eliminate air gaps and help maintain the desired indoor temperature and air quality, typically reducing the cost of heating and cooling over similar site-built construction. We also recognize the responsibility to educate our homebuyers on the impact they can have on the energy efficiency of their home by making some informed decisions during the planning and construction process. 
 Construction waste currently makes up 60 million tons of the debris filling the nation's limited landfill space each year according to a 2018 Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") report. Our manufacturing process of building homes in centralized, environmentally protected building centers allows us to minimize adverse impacts on the environment, resulting in reduced levels of waste. 
 Building an entire home at a single site factory centralizes and reduces material deliveries as they are ordered and shipped in bulk to one location. It also allows workers to use public transportation or carpool to the same work location each day. Rather than having crews and managers potentially driving to multiple work sites each day, our entire work force makes one trip to the manufacturing plant, thereby reducing auto emissions and fuel costs. 
 Our repetitive manufacturing process minimizes waste and maximizes the utilization of materials that would otherwise go to a landfill. Every component we build is a system within a system. This reduces waste and increases efficiency. There are generally no wasted plumbing, duct or electrical runs or materials. 
 We are single-minded in our focus to engage, develop and support the people in our Company so we can all have rewarding careers and reach our fullest potential. At Cavco, we are driven by the conviction that the best way to build value for our stakeholders is by investing in the development of our team members and by providing them with safe, positive workplaces that present opportunities to grow and succeed. This is an important source of our strength as a company. 
 As we work together to make a difference in providing affordable homes nationally, we are committed to fostering the dream of homeownership for our team members. At Cavco, we have launched a formalized internal program to help us support our people. We call it Homes for our Own, and it generally involves two primary elements: education on the home buying process and financial assistance programs. 
 The communities where we live and work sustain local businesses, families and, of course, our employees. We recognize that Cavco's success is intrinsically linked to the well-being of our local communities. We are committed to building and strengthening communities in which we do business because it is a critical part of who we are and a natural outgrowth of our ONE Cavco mindset. Cavco employees across the Company engage in volunteering efforts that are important to their communities. Recognizing that our local team members often know the needs of their communities best, we launched a company-wide CAVCOmmunity program to provide each location with access to funding to supplement their team's volunteer efforts. We are enormously proud of our employees' charitable efforts to support the needs of their fellow team members as well as their local community at large. Every time our team members work to improve the lives of others, it is a reflection of who we are at Cavco. 
 At Cavco, we are fortunate that the very nature of what we do has a positive impact on individual lives and the communities we serve. We provide the most affordable opportunity for homeownership. We take great pride in our impact through the homes, loans and insurance we provide to deserving families. We recently launched a new consumer-facing affordable home marketplace, taking a big step towards fulfilling our ONE Cavco goal to help customers buy homes that improve their lives. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 We are committed to responsible corporate governance. Governance starts with the Company's leadership, which includes the executive officers and the Company's Board of Directors. As a public company, officers and Board members are fiscally prudent and legally responsible for proper use of Company funds and assets. The Company expects high standards of ethical conduct from its Board members, management and all employees as described in Cavco's Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct. We continue to focus on setting clear expectations. Our Executive Team will continue its stewardship through direct oversight and involvement. Cavco's Corporate Governance Guidelines, the charters of committees of our Board of Directors and our Code of Conduct can be found in the General Document section on our investor relations website at www.investor.cavco.com. Unless expressly noted, the information on our investor relations website or any other website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report and should not be considered part of this Annual Report or any other filing we make with the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Additional information on our Corporate Governance policies can be found in our proxy statement filed with the SEC. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Our workforce is made up of approximately 7,000 skilled full-time team members. We believe that an engaged, productive workforce is critically important to creating shareholder value. To that end, we are committed to providing a safe workplace and opportunities for professional growth and advancement based on performance, qualification, demonstrated skill and achievement at a fair wage. 
 As part of our commitment to focus on safety, our Safety Now program builds safety awareness and provides training and incentives to create a "safety first" culture throughout our manufacturing operations. In addition to improved safety training, especially for our newest associates, elements of this program include encouraging employee suggestions for a safer workplace, enhanced safety signage and reward programs for teams with the lowest safety incident rates and those with the most improved safety records. 
 We also have a number of internal programs and campaigns to enhance the culture and capability of our workforce. Driven by our aspiration to make a difference by focusing on excellence, we implemented our SPARK initiative, which is designed to improve the onboarding experience of our team members and drive retention. Our IGNITION program provides leadership training to new managers and other employees in supervisory roles to enhance communication and other critical management skills to improve the oversight and motivation of other employees. This training includes increasing technical skills, improving professional skills, expanding technology experience and educating on safety and security protocols, to name a few. 
 We have a multi-channel bi-lingual compliance training initiative so that our team members will understand our commitment to, and their responsibility for, maintaining high standards of integrity in the workplace. The program has been rolled out through our learning management system, with each new and existing team member being provided the same training. 
 We intend to be an employer of choice. To that end, we consistently assess the current landscape and labor market to refine our total rewards programs. We also monitor our progress in raising the incomes of our lowest wage earners so they can achieve success for themselves and their families. As mentioned above, we have started a program called Homes for Our Own. This program generally involves education and financial assistance for employees aspiring to own their own home. We strive to help employees understand the home buying process, from getting financially ready to buy and maintain a home to how the actual process works. 
 Available Information 
 The Company's periodic and current reports, proxy statements, as well as any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), are made available free of charge through our web site, www.cavcoindustries.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The Company's business involves a number of risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the following risks, together with the information provided elsewhere in this Annual Report. The items described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that are currently unknown to us or that are currently considered to be immaterial may also impair the business or adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 The impact of local or national emergencies can adversely affect our financial results, condition and prospects, including such impacts from state and federal regulatory action that restrict our ability to operate our business in the ordinary course and impacts on (i) customer demand and the availability of financing for our products, (ii) our supply chain and the availability of raw materials for the manufacture of our products, (iii) the availability of labor and the health and safety of our workforce and (iv) our liquidity and access to the capital markets 
 Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities and social unrest, terrorist activities, health epidemics or pandemics, concerns about the stability and solvency of financial institutions (such as liquidity concerns raised by the recent closures of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature Bank and First Republic Bank), or other local or national emergencies (both ones quickly resolved and ones that endure over long periods of time) can adversely affect consumer spending and confidence levels, the ability to obtain financing and supply availability and costs, as well as local operations in impacted markets, all of which can affect our financial results, condition and prospects. Our sales of affordable homes are largely dependent on the ability of consumers to obtain financing for the purchase of a home. Consumer financing is dependent on a number of economic factors, including the employment status of borrowers, which may be adversely affected by local or national emergencies. Consumer confidence is also an important factor to support home purchases and is subject to the adverse effects of an emergency situation. Our products are produced in a manner that is considered labor-intensive and requires a consistent and available workforce, which may be adversely affected by a large-scale decline in public health conditions or other emergencies. 
 The Company's results of operations can be adversely affected by labor shortages and the pricing and availability of transportation or raw materials 
 The homebuilding industry has from time-to-time experienced labor shortages and other labor related issues. A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us and our subcontractors in one or more of our markets. This includes high employment levels, construction market conditions and government regulation, which include laws and regulations related to workers' health and safety, wage and hour practices and immigration patterns or restrictions. An overall labor shortage or a lack of skilled or unskilled labor could cause significant increases in costs or delays in construction of homes, which could have a material adverse effect upon our revenue and results of operations. 
 Shortages or increased transportation costs from rising fuel prices could have an adverse impact to our operations. 
 Our results of operations can also be affected by the pricing and availability of raw materials. Key building materials include wood and wood products, gypsum wallboard, steel, windows, appliances, insulation and other petroleum-based products. There can be no assurance that sufficient supplies of these and other raw materials will continue to be available to us. Sudden increases in price or lack of availability of raw materials can be caused by natural disaster, regulation or other market forces, as has occurred in recent years. We have experienced production halts from shortages of primary building materials in the past, and although we attempt to increase the sales prices of our homes in response to higher materials costs, such increases may lag behind the escalation of material costs. 
 Shutdowns or delays at the United States/Mexico border could affect the Company's ability to ship materials to and receive finished goods from our Mexico production facilities 
 We have two production lines in Mexico which are dependent upon receiving materials from our facility in Presidio, Texas. Shutdown or delays at the United States/Mexico border could impact production at those facilities and our ability to receive the finished goods from those facilities, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Excessive health and safety incidents relating to our operations could be costly to the Company 
 Home construction is inherently dangerous. While safety is a top priority, any failure in health and safety performance may result in additional health and workers' compensation costs or penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, which may result in difficulty attracting labor or a negative impact to our reputation. 
 Casualty losses associated with the Company's transportation operations may be large, which could adversely impact our financial performance 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may incur property or casualty losses during the transportation of raw materials or finished homes. Although we maintain general liability insurance, estimating the number and severity of claims, as well as related judgment or settlement amounts, is inherently difficult, and claims may ultimately prove to be more severe than our estimates. This, along with legal expenses, incurred but not reported claims, and other uncertainties can cause unfavorable differences between actual costs and our reserve estimates. Accordingly, ultimate results may differ materially from our estimates, which could result in losses and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company's results of operations could be adversely affected by significant warranty and construction defect claims on factory-built housing 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to home warranty and construction defect claims. We record a reserve for estimated future warranty costs relating to homes sold based upon an assessment of historical claim experience. Construction defect claims may arise significantly after product completion. Although we maintain general liability insurance and reserves for such claims, there can be no assurance that warranty and construction defect claims will remain at current levels or that such reserves will continue to be adequate. Additionally, the cost of insurance has increased significantly in recent years. If we are not able to maintain current levels of coverage, or if warranty and construction defect claims exceed current levels, our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Some of the Company's manufacturing production employees are represented by unions, and failure to negotiate reasonable collective bargaining agreements may result in strikes, work stoppages or substantially higher ongoing labor costs 
 Certain manufacturing production employees (approximately 6 of our total employees) are represented by unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements, which expire in February 2024 and May 2026. Wages, health and welfare benefits, work rules and other issues have historically been negotiated in a reasonable amount of time and have previously not resulted in any extended work stoppages. However, if we are unable to negotiate acceptable new agreements, it could result in worker strikes, loss of business, disruption of operations and increased operating costs as a result of higher wages or benefits paid to union members, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Products supplied to the Company or work done by subcontractors can expose the Company to risks that could adversely affect its business 
 We sometimes rely on subcontractors to perform certain processes such as home setup or warranty work. In some cases, subcontractors may use improper processes or defective materials, which could result in the need for us to perform repairs on homes. In addition, although we expect all of our employees, officers and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or governmental guidelines. When we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or guidelines, we move proactively to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible. However, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of improper practices, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties and our reputation can be injured due to the practices having taken place. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Increases in the rate of cancellations of home sales orders could have an adverse effect on the Company's business 
 Our backlog reflects home sales orders with our distributors and home buyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. Distributors and home buyers may cancel orders prior to production without penalty. If there is a downturn in the housing market, or if financing becomes less available or more expensive to obtain with higher interest rates, more distributors and homebuyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 The Company may not be able to successfully integrate past or future acquisitions to attain the anticipated benefits and such acquisitions may adversely impact the Company's liquidity 
 We have acquired industry competitors in the past and may consider additional strategic acquisitions if such opportunities arise. Prior acquisitions and any other acquisitions that may be considered in the future involve a number of risks, including the diversion of our management's attention from the existing business for those transactions that we complete, or possible adverse effects on our operating results and liquidity during the integration process. In addition, we may not be able to successfully or profitably integrate, operate, maintain and manage the operations or employees of past or future acquisitions. During the integration stage of an acquisition, we also may not be able to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, which may lead to financial losses. 
 The Company's involvement in vertically integrated lines of business, including manufactured housing consumer finance, commercial finance and insurance, exposes the Company to certain risks 
 We offer conforming mortgages, non-conforming mortgages and home-only loans to purchasers of factory-built homes sold by Company-owned retail stores and independent distributors, builders, communities and developers through our subsidiary, CountryPlace. Most loans we originate are sold to investors. We also provide various loan servicing functions for non-affiliated entities under contract. 
 If customers are unable to repay their loans, we may be adversely affected. We make loans to borrowers that we believe are creditworthy based on underwriting guidelines. However, the ability of these customers to repay their loans may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: national, regional and local economic conditions; changes or weakness in specific industry segments; natural hazard risks affecting the region in which the borrower resides; and employment, financial or unexpected life circumstances. 
 If customers do not repay their loans, we may repossess or foreclose on the secured property in order to liquidate the loan collateral and minimize losses. The homes and land securing the loans are subject to fluctuating market values and proceeds realized from liquidating repossessed or foreclosed property are highly susceptible to adverse movements in collateral values. Home price depreciation and elevated levels of unemployment may result in additional defaults and increase the severity of loss upon collateral liquidation. 
 Some of the loans we originate, or may originate in the future, may not have a liquid market or the market may contract rapidly causing the loans to become illiquid. Although we offer loan products and price our loans at levels that we believe are marketable at the time of credit application approval, market conditions for such loans may deteriorate rapidly and significantly. Our ability to respond to changing market conditions is affected by credit approval and funding commitments we make in advance of loan completion. In this environment, it is difficult to predict the types of loan products and characteristics that may be susceptible to future market curtailments and tailor loan offerings accordingly. As a result, no assurances can be given that the market value of our loans will not decline in the future, or that a market will continue to exist for loan products. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We sell loans through GSE-related programs and to whole-loan purchasers and also finance certain loans with long-term credit facilities secured by the respective loans. In connection with these activities, we provide to GSEs, whole-loan purchasers and lenders, as the case may be, representations and warranties related to the loans sold or financed. These representations and warranties generally relate to the ownership of the loans, the validity of the liens securing the loans, the loans' compliance with the criteria for inclusion in the transactions, including compliance with underwriting standards or loan criteria established by buyers or lenders and our ability to deliver documentation in compliance with applicable laws. Generally, representations and warranties may be enforced at any time over the life of the loan. Upon a breach of a representation, we may be required to repurchase the loan or to indemnify a party for incurred losses. Although we maintain reserves for these contingent repurchase and indemnification obligations, these reserves may not be ultimately sufficient for incurred losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operational results or financial condition. 
 Standard Casualty specializes in homeowner property and casualty insurance products for the manufactured housing industry, primarily serving the Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and Nevada markets. Property and casualty insurance companies are subject to certain risk-based capital requirements usually in accordance with model rules as specified by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Under these requirements, the amount of capital and surplus maintained by a property and casualty insurance company is determined based on its various risk factors. 
 Certain of our premiums and benefits are assumed from and ceded to other insurance companies under various reinsurance agreements. The ceded reinsurance agreements provide us with increased capacity to write larger risks. We remain obligated for amounts ceded in the event that the reinsurers do not meet their obligations. Substantially all of our assumed reinsurance is with one entity. Further, our policies in force may be subject to numerous risks, including geographic concentration, adverse selection, home deterioration, unusual weather events and regulation. Although claim amounts are recoverable through reinsurance for catastrophic losses up to policy maximums, subject to certain conditions, significant losses may be realized and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The Company's participation in certain financing programs for the purchase of its products by industry distributors and consumers may expose the Company to additional risk of credit loss, which could adversely impact its liquidity and results of operations 
 We are exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of certain independent distributors, builders, developers, community owners, inventory financing partners and home buyers, many of whom may be adversely affected by the volatile conditions in the economy and financial markets. These conditions could result in financial instability or other adverse effects, the consequences of which could include delinquencies by customers who purchase our products under special financing initiatives and the deterioration of collateral values. In addition, losses may be incurred if the collateral cannot be recovered or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover recorded commercial loan notes receivable balances. The realization of any of these factors may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition. 
 Information technology failures or cyber incidents could harm the Company's business 
 We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store, process and transmit significant amounts of sensitive information, including proprietary business information, personal information and other confidential information, including that of our customers, vendors and suppliers. All information systems are subject to disruption, breach or failure. Potential vulnerabilities can be exploited from inadvertent or intentional actions of our employees, third-party vendors and business partners or by malicious third parties. Attacks of this nature are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and are being conducted by a variety of threat actors, including sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, such as organized criminal groups, industrial spies, nation states and others. In addition to the extraction of sensitive information, attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks or other means, which could affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We use enterprise-grade information technology and computer resources to carry out important operational activities and to aggregate and maintain business records from a variety of systems. Although most information is stored on servers that are secured in commercial data centers, individual systems, including back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, human error, computer viruses, security breaches and cyber incidents, which may infect our network infrastructure. Such systems are also vulnerable to catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, if our computer systems and our backup systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, distraction of management, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks and financial losses from remedial actions. Significant disruptions in our, or our third-party vendors', information technology systems or other data security breaches or cyber incidents could adversely affect the business operations and result in the loss or misappropriation of, and unauthorized access to, sensitive information, which may force us to incur significant costs and engage in litigation, harm our reputation and subject us to liability under laws, regulations and contractual obligations. In addition, the costs of maintaining adequate protection against such threats are expected to increase and could be material to our operations. 
 Failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information could adversely affect the Company. 
 In connection with our business, we collect and retain personally identifiable information (e.g., information regarding our customers, suppliers and employees), and there is an expectation that we will adequately protect that information. A significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of the personally identifiable information we maintain, or of our data, by cyber-criminals or others could adversely impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines or litigation. 
 The Company has contingent repurchase obligations related to wholesale financing provided to industry distributors 
 In accordance with customary business practice in the manufactured housing industry, we have entered into repurchase agreements with various financial institutions and other credit sources that provide floor plan financing to industry distributors, which provide that we will be obligated, under certain circumstances, to repurchase homes sold to distributors in the event of a default by a distributor under floor plan financing arrangements. Under these agreements, we have agreed to repurchase homes at declining prices over the term of the agreement (which in most cases is 18 to 24 months). Our obligation under these repurchase agreements ceases upon the purchase of the home by the retail customer. The maximum amount of contingent obligations under such repurchase agreements was approximately 177.9 million as of April 1, 2023, before reduction for the resale value of the homes. We may be required to honor contingent repurchase obligations in the future and may incur additional expense as a consequence of these repurchase agreements. In addition, the ability to recover losses on homes repurchased could be at risk in a declining price environment. 
 A write-off of all or part of the Company's goodwill could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition 
 As of April 1, 2023, 9 of our total assets consisted of goodwill, all of which is attributable to our factory-built housing segment. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ("ASC 350"), goodwill is tested annually for impairment. If goodwill becomes impaired, such impairment is charged as an expense in the period in which it occurs. Our goodwill could be impaired if developments affecting our manufacturing operations or the markets in which we produce manufactured homes lead us to conclude that the cash flows expected to be derived from our manufacturing operations will be substantially reduced. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 If the Company is unable to establish or maintain relationships with its independent distributors who sell the Company's homes, revenue could decline 
 During fiscal year 2023, approximately 83 of our sales of factory-built homes were to independent distributors. As is common in the industry, independent distributors may also sell homes produced by competing manufacturers. We may not be able to establish relationships with new independent distributors or maintain good relationships with independent distributors that sell our homes. Even if we do establish and maintain relationships with independent distributors, these distributors are not obligated to sell our homes exclusively. The independent distributors with whom we have relationships can cancel these relationships on short notice. In addition, these distributors may not remain financially solvent, as they are subject to industry, economic, demographic and seasonal trends similar to those faced by us. If we do not establish and maintain relationships with solvent independent distributors in one or more of our markets, revenue in those markets could decline. 
 The Company's business and operations are concentrated in certain geographic regions, which could be impacted by market declines 
 Our operations are concentrated in certain states, most notably Texas, California, Florida, Arizona and Oregon. Due to the concentrated nature of the operations, there could be instances where these regions are negatively impacted by economic, natural or population changes that could, in turn, negatively impact our results of operations more than those of other companies that are more geographically dispersed. 
 We operate 29 homebuilding production lines located in the Northwest, Southwest, South, Southeast, Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions. We have a significant presence in Texas with factories in the cities of Austin, Fort Worth, Seguin and Waco, and a facility in Presidio that serves as a shipping point for homes produced in Mexico. Further, of the 64 Company-owned retail stores, 50 are located in Texas. 
 Loan contracts secured by collateral that is geographically concentrated could experience higher rates of delinquencies, default and foreclosure losses than loan contracts secured by collateral that is more geographically dispersed. We have loan contracts secured by factory-built homes located in 28 states, including Texas, Florida, New Mexico and Oklahoma. Standard Casualty also specializes in writing contracts for the manufactured housing industry, primarily serving the Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and Nevada markets. 
 The Company's income tax provision and other tax liabilities may be insufficient if taxing authorities initiate and are successful in asserting tax positions that are contrary to the Company's position. 
 In the normal course of business, we are audited by various federal, state and local authorities regarding income tax matters. Significant judgment is required to determine our provision for income taxes and our liabilities for federal, state, local and other taxes. Although we believe our approach to determining the appropriate tax treatment is supportable and in accordance with tax laws and regulations and relevant accounting literature, it is possible that the final tax authority will take a position that is materially different than ours. As each audit is conducted, adjustments, if any, are recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the period determined. Such differences could have a material adverse effect on our income tax provision or benefit, or other tax reserves, and, consequently, on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 A prolonged delay by Congress and the President to approve budgets or continuing appropriation resolutions to facilitate the operations of the federal government could delay the completion of home sales and/or cause cancellations, and thereby negatively impact the Company's deliveries and revenues 
 Congress and the President may not timely approve budgets or appropriation legislation to facilitate the operations of the federal government. As a result, many federal agencies have historically and may again cease or curtail some activities. The affected activities include issuance of HUD certification labels to manufacturers, Internal Revenue Service verification of loan applicants' tax return information and approvals by the FHA and other government agencies to fund or insure mortgage loans under programs that these agencies operate. As a number of our home buyers use these programs to obtain financing to purchase homes, and many lenders, including CountryPlace, require ongoing coordination with these and other governmental entities to originate home loans, a prolonged delay in the performance of their activities could prevent prospective qualified buyers from obtaining the loans they need to complete such purchases, which could lead to delays or cancellations of home sales. These and other affected governmental bodies could cause interruptions in various aspects of our business and investments. Depending on the length of disruption, such factors could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Industry and Economic Risks 
 Tightened credit standards, curtailed lending activity by home-only lenders and increased government lending regulations continue to constrain the consumer financing market which could continue to restrict sales of the Company's homes 
 Consumers who buy our manufactured homes have historically secured retail financing from third-party lenders. Home-only financing is usually more difficult to obtain than financing for site-built homes. The availability, terms and costs of retail financing depend on the lending practices of financial institutions, governmental policies and economic and other conditions, all of which are beyond our control. 
 Over time, home-only lenders have tightened the credit underwriting standards for loans to purchase manufactured homes, which has reduced lending volumes and negatively impacted our revenue. Most of the national lenders that have historically provided home-only loans have exited the manufactured housing sector of the home loan industry. Retail sales of manufactured housing could be adversely affected if remaining retail lenders curtail industry lending activities or exit the industry altogether. 
 Changes in laws or other events that adversely affect liquidity in the secondary mortgage market could hurt the business. GSEs and the FHA play significant roles in insuring or purchasing home mortgages and creating or insuring investment securities secured by home mortgages that are either sold to investors or held in their portfolios. These organizations provide significant liquidity to the secondary market. Any new federal laws or regulations that restrict or curtail their activities, or any other events or conditions that alter the roles of these organizations in the housing finance market, could affect the ability of our customers to obtain mortgage loans or could increase mortgage interest rates, fees and credit standards, which could reduce demand for our homes and/or the loans that we originate and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Some investors are reluctant to own or participate in owning such loans because of the uncertainty of potential litigation and other costs. As a result, some prospective buyers of manufactured homes may be unable to secure the financing necessary to complete purchases. In addition, enhanced regulatory and compliance costs could force lenders to implement new processes, procedures, controls and infrastructure required to comply with the regulations. Compliance may constrain lenders' ability to profitably price certain loans. Failure to comply with such regulations, changes in these or other regulations, or the imposition of additional regulations, could affect our earnings, limit our access to capital and have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 An increase in interest rates could reduce potential buyers' ability or desire to obtain financing with which to buy homes and adversely affect the Company's business or financial results. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has recently raised its benchmark rate, with further increases possible. Increases in interest rates could significantly increase the cost of owning a new home, which usually reduces the number of potential buyers who can afford, or are willing, to purchase homes we build. This could adversely impact demand for our homes and the ability of potential customers to obtain financing, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Changes in the exchange rates for Mexican Pesos could adversely affect the value of the Company's investments in Mexico and cause foreign exchange losses 
 We have production operations in Mexico, and unfavorable changes in the exchange rate for Mexican Pesos could adversely affect the reported value of our investments and/or results of operations. 
 Availability of wholesale financing for industry distributors continues to be limited to a few floor plan lenders and lending limits may be reduced from time to time, which can negatively affect distributor demand 
 Manufactured housing distributors generally finance their inventory purchases with wholesale floor plan financing provided by lending institutions. The availability of wholesale financing is significantly affected by the number of floor plan lenders and their lending limits. Our independent distributors rely primarily on 21 st Mortgage Corporation and smaller national and regional lending institutions that specialize in providing wholesale floor plan financing to manufactured housing distributors. Floor plan financing providers could further reduce their levels of floor plan lending. Reduced availability of floor plan lending negatively affects the inventory levels of our independent distributors, the number of retail sales center locations and related wholesale demand, and the availability of, and access to, capital on an ongoing basis. 
 The Company's operating results could be affected by market forces and declining housing demand 
 As a participant in the homebuilding industry, we are subject to market forces beyond our control. These market forces include employment levels, employment growth, interest rates, consumer confidence, home input supply availability, land availability and development costs, suppliers impacted by global conflicts, apartment and rental housing vacancy levels, inflation, deflation, bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and the health of the general economy. Unfavorable changes in any of the above factors or other issues could have an adverse effect on our revenues, earnings or financial position. 
 The cyclical and seasonal nature of the manufactured housing industry causes the Company's revenues and operating results to fluctuate, and we expect this cyclicality and seasonality to continue in the future 
 The manufactured housing industry is highly cyclical and seasonal and is influenced by many national and regional economic and demographic factors, including the availability of consumer financing for home buyers, the availability of wholesale financing for distributors, seasonality of demand, consumer confidence, interest rates, demographic and employment trends, income levels, housing demand, general economic conditions, including inflation and recessions, and the availability of suitable home sites. As a result of the foregoing economic, demographic and other factors, our revenues and operating results fluctuate, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The manufactured housing industry is highly competitive, and increased competition may result in lower revenue 
 The manufactured housing industry is highly competitive. Competition at both the manufacturing and retail levels is based upon many factors, including price, product features, reputation for service and quality, merchandising, terms of distributor promotional programs and the terms of retail customer financing. Numerous companies produce manufactured homes in our markets. Certain competitors also have their own retail distribution systems and consumer finance and insurance operations. In addition, there are many independent manufactured housing retail locations in most areas where we have retail operations. We believe that where wholesale floor plan financing is available, it is relatively easy for new distributors to enter into our markets as competitors. In addition, our products compete with other forms of low- to moderate-cost housing, including new and existing site-built homes, apartments, townhouses and condominiums. If we are unable to compete effectively in this environment, revenues could be reduced. 
 Deterioration in economic conditions and turmoil in financial markets could reduce the Company's earnings and financial condition 
 Deterioration in global, national, regional or local economic conditions and turmoil in financial markets could have a negative impact on our business. Among other things, unfavorable changes in employment levels, job growth, consumer confidence and income, inflation, deflation, trade tariffs, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may further reduce demand for our products or have an adverse effect on the availability of financing to our customers, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 If favorable local zoning ordinances are not adopted or if local zoning ordinances become further restricted, the Company's revenue could decline and its business could be adversely affected 
 Manufactured housing communities and individual home placements are subject to local zoning ordinances and other local regulations relating to utility service and construction of roadways. In the past, property owners often have resisted the adoption of zoning ordinances permitting the location of manufactured homes in residential areas, which we believe has restricted the growth of the industry. Manufactured homes may not achieve widespread acceptance and localities may not adopt zoning ordinances permitting the development of manufactured home communities. If favorable local zoning ordinances are not adopted or become further restricted, our revenue could decline and the business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 The Company is subject to extensive regulation affecting the production and sale of manufactured housing, which could adversely affect its profitability 
 A variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations affect the production and sale of manufactured housing. Please refer to the section above under the heading "Business - Government Regulation" for a description of many of these laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could expose us to a wide variety of sanctions, including closing one or more manufacturing facilities. Regulatory matters affecting our operations are under regular review by governmental bodies and we cannot predict what effect, if any, new laws and regulations would have on us or the manufactured housing industry. Failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or the passage in the future of new and more stringent laws, may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in existing regulations or violations of existing or future regulations could have a materially adverse effect on the Company's operations and profitability 
 We are subject to regulation by the United States Department of Transportation, the EPA, the United States Department of Homeland Security and other state and federal agencies. Future laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations may be more stringent, require changes in our operating practices, or require us to incur significant additional costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The Company may face risks related to the SEC litigation, including potential shareholder litigation or potential reputational damage that the Company may suffer as a result of the litigation 
 As disclosed in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, on September 2, 2021, the SEC filed a civil complaint in the United States District Court, District of Arizona, naming the Company along with the Company's former Chairman, President Chief Executive Officer ("former CEO") and the Company's former Chief Financial Officer, alleging violations of the antifraud and internal accounting control provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") based on trading in the shares of another company directed by the former CEO that resulted in an unrealized gain of approximately 265,000. In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded an accrual relating to this loss contingency. On September 23, 2022, the United States District Court for the District of Arizona approved the settlement of the SEC action against the Company. Without admitting or denying the findings of the consent judgment, the Company agreed to the imposition of an injunction against future violations of the antifraud and internal accounting control provisions of the Exchange Act and a monetary penalty of 1.5 million, which did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. The settlement resolves all claims in such action against the Company. 
 We are unable to predict what consequences any investigation by any regulatory agency may have on us, including significant legal and accounting expenses. These matters may also divert management's attention from other business concerns, which could harm the business and could result in reputational damage. Any proceedings commenced against us by a regulatory agency could result in administrative orders against us, the imposition of penalties and/or fines against us and/or the imposition of sanctions against certain of our current or former officers, directors and/or employees. The investigations, litigation or remedial actions we have taken or are currently undertaking may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Losses not covered by our Director and Officer ("D O") insurance may be large, which could adversely impact the Company's financial performance 
 We maintain D O liability insurance for losses or advancement of defense costs in the event legal actions are brought against the Company's directors, officers or employees for alleged wrongful acts in their capacity as directors, officers or employees. Such D O insurance contains certain customary exclusions that may make it unavailable to the Company or its directors and officers in the event it is needed; and, in any case, the D O insurance may not be adequate to fully protect the Company against liability for the conduct of its directors, officers or employees or the Company's indemnification obligations to its directors and officers. 
 General Risk Factors 
 The loss of any of the Company's executive officers, senior leadership or business operations managers or a significant number of operating employees could reduce its ability to execute its business strategy and could have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations 
 We are dependent to a significant extent upon the efforts of our executive officers, senior leaders and business operations managers. The loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could impair our ability to execute our business strategy and have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees and our ability to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business. We currently have no key person life or other insurance for our executive officers. 
 The Company's liquidity and ability to raise capital may be limited 
 We may need to obtain debt or additional equity financing in the future. The type, timing and terms of the financing selected will depend on, among other things, our cash needs, the availability of other financing sources and prevailing conditions in the financial markets. There can be no assurance that any of these sources will be available to us at any time or that they will be available on satisfactory terms. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Certain provisions of the Company's organizational documents could delay or make more difficult a change in control of the Company 
 Certain provisions of the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and Third Amended and Restated Bylaws could delay or make more difficult transactions involving a change of control and may have the effect of entrenching the current management or possibly depressing the market price of the Company's common stock. For example, the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and Third Amended and Restated Bylaws authorize blank series preferred stock, establish a staggered board of directors and impose certain procedural and other requirements for stockholder proposals. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the Company's core properties: 
 Location Date of Commencement of Operations Owned / Leased Square Feet Active manufacturing facilities for factory-built housing segment: Millersburg, Oregon 1995 Owned 169,000 Woodburn, Oregon 1976 Owned 221,000 Riverside, California 1960 Owned 107,000 Nampa, Idaho 1957 Owned 171,000 Glendale, Arizona 2022 Owned 118,000 Goodyear, Arizona 1993 Leased 250,000 Phoenix, Arizona 1978 Owned 79,000 Deming, New Mexico 2001 Owned 170,000 Duncan, Oklahoma 2022 Owned 170,000 Austin, Texas 1981 Owned 181,000 Fort Worth, Texas 1993 Owned 121,000 Seguin, Texas 2006 Owned 129,000 Waco, Texas 1971 Owned 132,000 Ojinaga, Mexico (1) 2011 Owned 145,000 Ojinaga, Mexico (2) 2018 Owned 127,000 Montevideo, Minnesota 1982 Owned 305,000 Dorchester, Wisconsin 1975 Leased 160,000 Nappanee, Indiana 1971 Owned 341,000 Goshen, Indiana 1972 Owned 163,000 Lafayette, Tennessee 1996 Owned 149,000 Moultrie, Georgia 2003 Owned 230,000 Douglas, Georgia 1988 Owned 142,000 Shippenville, Pennsylvania (1) 1972 Owned 162,000 Shippenville, Pennsylvania (2) 1988 Owned 164,000 Emlenton, Pennsylvania 2004 Owned 126,000 Martinsville, Virginia 1969 Owned 132,000 Rocky Mount, Virginia 1995 Owned 137,000 Cherryville, North Carolina 1973 Owned 254,000 Hamlet, North Carolina 2022 Owned 184,000 Ocala, Florida 1984 Owned 91,000 Plant City, Florida 1981 Owned 87,000 Component and supply facilities for factory-built housing segment: Presidio, Texas 2011 Owned 69,000 Martinsville, Virginia 1972 Owned 192,000 Nappanee, Indiana 1971 Leased 77,000 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Inactive manufacturing facilities for factory-built housing segment: Plant City, Florida Owned 94,000 Administrative and other locations: Phoenix, Arizona (factory-built housing) Leased 23,000 Duncan, Oklahoma (factory-built housing) Owned 10,700 Addison, Texas (financial services) Leased 24,000 Plano, Texas (financial services) Leased 11,000 New Braunfels, Texas (financial services) Owned 9,000 Elkhart, Indiana (factory-built housing) Leased 23,000 
 We own the land on which manufacturing facilities are located, except for the Goodyear, Arizona plant, which is currently leased through June 2026, with no current options to extend; and the Dorchester, Wisconsin plant, currently under lease through August 2037, with options to extend. We also own substantially all of the machinery and equipment used at these factories. In addition to production facilities, we own an office building and land in New Braunfels, Texas, which houses Standard Casualty's operations, as well as eight properties upon which active, Company-owned retail stores are located. The remaining active sales centers and a claims office are leased under operating leases with lease terms generally ranging from monthly to five years. Company-owned retail stores generally range in sizes up to nine acres. We lease office spaces in Plano and Addison, Texas for CountryPlace operations and factory-built housing administrative support services, respectively, pursuant to leases that expire in May 2025 and November 2023, respectively. The Phoenix, Arizona home office is leased through February 2026, with an option to extend for an additional three years. The Elkhart, Indiana office is leased through February 2040, with options to extend. We believe that all of these facilities are adequately maintained and suitable for the purposes for which they are used. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See the information under the "Legal Matters" caption in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("Nasdaq") under the symbol CVCO. 
 As of May 12, 2023, the Company had 520 stockholders of record and approximately 30,000 beneficial holders of its common stock, based upon information in securities position listings by registered clearing agencies upon request of the Company's transfer agent. 
 In the past two fiscal years, we have not paid any dividends on the Company's common stock. The payment of dividends to Company stockholders is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors, and various factors may prevent us from paying dividends. Such factors include Company cash requirements, covenants of our Credit Agreement and liquidity or other requirements of state, corporate and other laws. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On May 25, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a 100 million stock repurchase program that may be used to purchase its outstanding common stock. The repurchase program is funded using our available cash. The repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in compliance with applicable state and federal securities laws and other legal requirements. The level of repurchase activity is subject to market conditions and other investment opportunities. The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Share repurchase activity during the three months ended April 1, 2023 was as follows: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of the Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program 000s) January 1, 2023 to February 4, 2023 90,244 254.71 90,244 42,743 February 5, 2023 to March 4, 2023 24,702 278.12 24,702 35,873 March 5, 2023 to April 1, 2023 511 278.66 511 35,731 115,457 115,457 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total stockholder return on Cavco common stock during the five fiscal years ended April 1, 2023, with that of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF. The comparison assumes 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) was invested on March 31, 2018, in Cavco common stock and in each of the foregoing indices. 
 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 3/31/2018 3/30/2019 3/28/2020 4/3/2021 4/2/2022 4/1/2023 Cavco Industries, Inc. 100 68 85 134 140 183 Nasdaq Composite Index 100 109 106 191 202 173 iShares U.S. Home Construction ETF 100 90 78 179 155 184 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In general, all statements included or incorporated in this Annual Report that are not historical in nature are forward-looking. These may include statements about the Company's plans, strategies and prospects under the headings "Business," and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Forward-looking statements are often characterized by the use of words such as "believes," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "may," "will," "intends," "plans," or "anticipates," or by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements are typically included, for example, in discussions regarding the manufactured housing and site-built housing industries; our financial performance and operating results; our liquidity and financial resources; our outlook with respect to the Company and the manufactured housing business in general; the expected effect of certain risks and uncertainties on our business, financial condition and results of operations; economic conditions and consumer confidence; increasing interest rates; potential acquisitions, strategic investments and other expansions; operational and legal risks; how we may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemic or outbreak; labor shortages and the pricing and availability of raw materials; governmental regulations and legal proceedings; the availability of favorable consumer and wholesale manufactured home financing; and the ultimate outcome of our commitments and contingencies. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond our control. To the extent that our assumptions and expectations differ from actual results, our ability to meet such forward-looking statements, including the ability to generate positive cash flow from operations, may be significantly hindered. Factors that could affect our results and cause them to materially differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those discussed under Item 1A, "Risk Factors," and elsewhere in this Annual Report. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. For all of these reasons, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Introduction 
 The following should be read in conjunction with the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes that appear in Part IV of this Annual Report. References to "Note" or "Notes" pertain to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Company Outlook 
 It is difficult to predict the future of housing demand, employee availability, our supply chain or the Company's performance and operations. Our home order backlog at April 1, 2023 was approximately 244 million in wholesale sales values, down 870 million from 1.1 billion one year earlier. Distributors may cancel orders prior to production without penalty. After production of a particular home has commenced, the order becomes non-cancelable and the distributor is obligated to take delivery of the home. Accordingly, until production of a particular home has commenced, we do not consider order backlog to be firm orders. We con tinue to focus on balancing the production levels and workforce size with the demand for our product offerings to maximize efficiencies. 
 We continue to make certain commercial loan programs available to members of our wholesale distribution chain. Under direct commercial loan arrangements, we provide funds for financed home purchases by distributors, community owners and developers (see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Our involvement in commercial loans helps to increase the availability of manufactured home financing to distributors, community owners and developers and provides additional opportunity for product exposure to potential home buyers. While these initiatives support our ongoing efforts to expand product distribution, they also expose us to risks associated with the creditworthiness of this customer base and our inventory financing partners. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 In the financial services segment, we continue to assist customers in need by servicing existing loans and insurance policies and complying with state and federal regulations regarding loan forbearance, home foreclosures and policy cancellations. Certain loans serviced for investors expose us to cash flow deficits if customers do not make contractual monthly payments of principal and interest in a timely manner. For certain loans serviced for Ginnie Mae and Freddie Mac, and home-only loans serviced for certain other investors, we must remit scheduled monthly principal and/or interest payments and principal curtailments regardless of whether monthly mortgage payments are collected from borrowers. Ginnie Mae permits cash obligations on loans in forbearance from COVID-19 to be offset by other incoming cash flows from loans such as loan pre-payments. Through fiscal year 2023, monthly collections of principal and interest from borro wers have exceeded scheduled principal and interest payments owed to investors; however, mandatory extended forbearance under the CARES Act and certain other regulations related to COVID-19 could negatively impact cash obligations in the future. 
 The lack of an efficient secondary market for manufactured home-only loans and the limited number of institutions providing such loans result in higher borrowing costs for home-only loans and continue to constrain industry growth. We work independently and with other industry participants to develop secondary market opportunities for manufactured home-only loans and non-conforming mortgage portfolios and expand lending availability in the industry. Additionally, we continue to invest in community-based lending initiatives that provide home-only financing to residents of certain manufactured home communities. We also develop and invest in home-only lending programs to grow sales of homes through traditional distribution points. We believe that growing our investment and participation in home-only lending may provide additional sales growth opportunities for our factory-built housing operations and reduce our exposure to the actions of independent lenders. 
 We also work independently and with industry trade associations to encourage favorable legislative and GSE action to address the financing needs of buyers of affordable homes. Federal law requires GSEs to implement the "Duty to Serve" requirements specified in the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, as amended by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008. In April 2022, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac released their Underserved Markets Plans for 2022-2024 that describe, with specificity, the actions they would take over the three-year period to fulfill the "Duty to Serve" obligation. As with prior plans, the 2022-2024 plans offer enhanced mortgage loan products for manufactured homes titled as real property, including Fannie Mae's "MH Advantage" and Freddie Mac's "ChoiceHome" programs that began in the latter part of calendar year 2018. Although some progress has been made with these programs, meaningful positive impact in the form of increased home orders has yet to be realized. The plans do not include purchases of home-only loans during the three-year timeframe. Expansion of the secondary market for home-only loans through GSEs could support further demand for housing as lending options would likely become more available to home buyers. 
 The insurance subsidiary is subject to adverse effects from excessive policy claims that may occur during periods of inclement weather, including seasonal spring storms or fall hurricane activity in Texas where most of its policies are underwritten. Where applicable, losses from catastrophic events are mitigated by reinsurance contracts in place as part of our loss mitigation structure. Purchasing reinsurance contracts mitigates the frequency and/or severity of losses incurred on insurance policies issued, such as in the case of a catastrophe that generates a large number of serious claims on multiple policies at the same time. Under these agreements, we may be required to repurchase and reestablish the reinsurance contracts for the remainder of the year to the extent that they have been utilized. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year 2022 
 Net Revenue. 
 Net revenue consisted of the following for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively: 
 Year Ended in thousands, except revenue per home sold) April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change Net revenue: Factory-built housing 2,069,450 1,556,283 513,167 33.0 Financial services 73,263 70,875 2,388 3.4 2,142,713 1,627,158 515,555 31.7 Total homes sold 19,376 16,697 2,679 16.0 Net factory-built housing revenue per home sold 106,805 93,207 13,598 14.6 
 In the factory-built housing segment, the increase in Net revenue was primarily due to higher home selling prices and sales volume, which provided 263.4 million and 221.5 million, respectively, and the acquisition of Solitaire Homes which contributed 28.3 million. 
 Net factory-built housing revenue per home sold is a volatile metric dependent upon several factors. A primary factor is the price disparity between sales of homes to independent distributors, builders, communities and developers ("Wholesale") and sales of homes to consumers by Company-owned retail stores ("Retail"). Wholesale sales prices are primarily comprised of the home and the cost to ship the home from a homebuilding facility to the home-site. Retail home prices include these items and retail markup, as well as items that are largely subject to home buyer discretion, including, but not limited to, installation, utility connections, site improvements, landscaping and additional services. Changes to the proportion of home sales among our distribution channels between reporting periods impacts the overall net revenue per home sold. For fiscal 2023, we sold 16,066 homes Wholesale and 3,310 Retail versus 13,888 homes Wholesale and 2,809 homes Retail in the prior year. Our h omes are constructed in one or more floor sections ("modules") which are then installed on the customer's site. Fluctuations in net factory-built housing revenue per home sold are also partially the result of changes in the number of modules per home, the selection of different home types/models and optional home upgrades, creating changes in product mix . These selections vary regularly based on consumer interests, local housing preferences and economic circumstances. Product prices are also periodically adjusted for the cost and availability of raw materials included in, and labor used to produce, each home. For these reasons, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, volatility in overall net factory-built housing revenue per home sold. The table below presents the mix of modules and homes sold for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively : 
 Year Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change Modules Homes Modules Homes Modules Homes HUD code homes 26,288 15,565 24,497 14,136 7.3 10.1 Modular homes 5,578 2,792 3,569 1,742 56.3 60.3 Park model RVs 1,019 1,019 819 819 24.4 24.4 32,885 19,376 28,885 16,697 13.8 16.0 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Financial services segment Net revenue increased 3.4 primarily due to 3.7 million from more insurance policies in force in the current year partially offset by market fluctuations on marketable equity securities in the insurance subsidiary's portfolio, which reduced revenues by 1.1 million year-over-year. 
 Gross Profit. 
 Gross profit consisted of the following for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively: 
 Year Ended in thousands) April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change Gross profit: Factory-built housing 523,529 372,250 151,279 40.6 Financial services 31,403 36,499 (5,096) (14.0) 554,932 408,749 146,183 35.8 Gross profit as of Net revenue: Consolidated 25.9 25.1 N/A 0.8 Factory-built housing 25.3 23.9 N/A 1.4 Financial services 42.9 51.5 N/A (8.6) 
 In the factory-built housing segment, Gross profit increased from the higher home sales prices and more units sold, partially offset by higher input costs. In the financial services segment, Gross profit decreased primarily due to higher weather-related claims and market fluctuations of the marketable equity securities in the insurance subsidiary's portfolio. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consisted of the following for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively: 
 Year Ended in thousands) April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change Selling, general and administrative expenses: Factory-built housing 237,898 186,278 51,620 27.7 Financial services 20,425 19,975 450 2.3 258,323 206,253 52,070 25.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses as of Net revenue: 12.1 12.7 N/A (0.6) 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses related to factory-built housing increased primarily due to 24.3 million in higher wages, benefits and incentive compensation expense on improved earnings, 3.4 million of higher legal expense related to the SEC inquiry and related settlement and 4.5 million attributable to Solitaire Homes. As announced on September 23, 2022, the United States District Court for the District of Arizona approved the settlement of the SEC action against the Company regarding alleged securities trading in the shares of another company directed by our former CEO . The settlement resolves all claims in the action against the Company, but we remain obligated for ongoing indemnification for a former officer of the Company. 
 As a percentage of Net revenue, Selling, general and administrative expenses improved 60 basis points from better utilization of fixed costs on higher sales. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income. 
 Interest income was 10.7 million in fiscal year 2023 and 3.5 million in fiscal year 2022. The increase is due to higher interest rates on our cash balances and increased lending under our commercial loan programs . 
 Interest Expense. 
 Interest expense was 0.9 million in fiscal year 2023 and 0.7 million in fiscal year 2022 and consists primarily of interest related to finance leases and floor plan financing at our Craftsman retail location. 
 Other Income, net . 
 Other income, net primaril y consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses on corporate investments, gains and losses from the sale of property, plant and equip ment and partnership income from our unconsolidated joint ventures. For fisca l years 2023 and 2022, Other income, net was 0.4 million and 6.7 million, respectively. The current year includes 0.8 million of gains on corporate equity securities compared to 1.3 million of gains in the prior year. Partnership income decreased to 0.8 million in fiscal 2023 from 1.5 million in fiscal 2022 mostly as a result of acquiring a majority interest, and thus consolidating, one of our non-marketable equity investments during fiscal 2022. This transaction also resulted in a 3.3 million revaluation gain of our investment during the prior fiscal year. The current year gains were partially offset by sale and disposition of property, plant and equipment during the year. 
 Income Before Income Taxes. 
 Income before income taxes consisted of the following for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively: 
 Year Ended in thousands) April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change Income before income taxes: Factory-built housing 296,415 197,282 99,133 50.2 Financial services 10,348 14,707 (4,359) (29.6) 306,763 211,989 94,774 44.7 
 Income Tax Expense. 
 Income tax expense was 65.9 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 21.5 for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023, compared to income tax expense of 14.2 million and an effective rate of 6.7 for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022. The lower effective tax rate in the prior year period primarily related to 35.7 million in net tax credits related to the sale of energy efficient homes available under the Internal Revenue Code 45L. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year 2021 
 See Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Company's 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented with the information below. 
 Interest Income. 
 Interest income was 3.5 million in fiscal year 2022 and 2.1 million in fiscal year 2021. The increase is primarily due to higher interest income on commercial loans from the addition of Commodore, adding 1.2 million, and higher interest rates on invested cash balances during the year. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income, net. 
 Other income, net primarily consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses on corporate investments, gains and losses from the sale of property, plant and equipment and partnership income from our unconsolidated joint ventures. Other income, net was 6.7 million in both fiscal year 2022 and 2021. Fiscal year 2022 included a 3.3 million revaluation gain recognized on the consolidation of an equity method investment, 1.3 million of unrealized gains on equity securities and 1.5 million of partnership income. Fiscal year 2021 included 4.5 million of unrealized gains on equity securities and 1.9 million of partnership income. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe that cash and cash equivalents at April 1, 2023, together with cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations, cover our obligations and provide for growth for the next 12 months and into the foreseeable future. We maintain cash in U.S. Treasury and other money market funds, some of which are in excess of federally insured limits, but we have not experienced any losses with regards to such excesses. We expect to continue to evaluate potential acquisitions of, or strategic investments in, businesses that are complementary to the Company, as well as other expansion opportunities. Such transactions may require the use of cash and have other impacts on our liquidity and capital resources. We have sufficient liquid resources including our recently implemented 50.0 million Revolving Credit Facility, of which no amounts were outstanding at April 1, 2023. Regardless, depending on our operating results and strategic opportunities, we may choose to seek additional or alternative sources of financing in the future. There can be no assurance that such financing would be available on satisfactory terms, if at all. If this financing were not available, it could be necessary for us to reevaluate our long-term operating plans to make more efficient use of our existing capital resources at such time. The exact nature of any changes to our plans that would be considered depends on various factors, such as conditions in the factory-built housing industry and general economic conditions outside of our control. 
 State insurance regulations restrict the amount of dividends that can be paid to stockholders of insurance companies. As a result, the assets owned by our insurance subsidiary are generally not available to satisfy the claims of Cavco or its subsidiaries. We believe that stockholders' equity at the insurance subsidiary remains sufficient and do not believe that the ability to pay ordinary dividends to Cavco will be restricted per state regulations. 
 The following is a summary of the Company's cash flows for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively: 
 Year Ended in thousands) April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Change Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the fiscal year 259,334 339,307 (79,973) Net cash provided by operating activities 255,693 144,224 111,469 Net cash used in investing activities (129,341) (159,102) 29,761 Net cash used in financing activities (102,196) (65,095) (37,101) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the fiscal year 283,490 259,334 24,156 
 Net cash pro vided by operating activities increased primarily from the increased profitability and managing retail inventory levels, partially offset by increased originations of consumer and commercial loans as discussed below. 
 Consumer loan originations increased 19.0 million to 178.0 million during the year ended April 1, 2023, from 159.0 million during the year ended April 2, 2022. Proceeds from the sale of consumer loans provided 186.0 million in cash, compared to 184.8 million in the previous year, a net increase of 1.2 million. 
 Commercial loan originations increased 64.2 million to 132.1 million during the year ended April 1, 2023, from 67.9 million during the year ended April 2, 2022. Proceeds from the collection on commercial loans provided 98.2 million in cash, compared to 74.3 million in the previous year, a net increase of 23.9 million. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended April 1, 2023 included the acquisition of Solitaire Homes and purchases of property, plant and equipment including our newly opened Glendale, Arizona and Hamlet, North Carolina facilities. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended April 2, 2022 was primarily for the purchase of Commodore. 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended April 1, 2023 was primarily related to common stock repurchases, partially offset by proceeds received from the exercise of stock options. Net cas h used in financing activities for the year ended April 2, 2022 was mainly for the payments of tax liabilities on the exercise of stock options and payments on secured financings. 
 Obligations and Commitments 
 We enter into commercial loan agreements with distributors, communities and developers under which the Company provides funds for financing homes. In addition, we enter into commercial loan arrangements with certain distributors of our products under which the Company provides funds for wholesale purchases. We have also invested in community-based lending initiatives that provide home-only financing to new residents of certain manufactured home communities. For additional information regarding our commercial loans receivable, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Further, we invest in and develop home-only loan pools and lending programs to attract third-party financier interest in order to grow sales of new homes through traditional distribution points. 
 We have contractual lease obligations for certain production and retail locations, office space and equipment with durations ranging from monthly to 20 years. Certain lease agreements include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term by one to three years or more. For additional information related to these obligations, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, we also have contingent commitments at April 1, 2023 consisting of contingent repurchase obligations, construction contingent commitments, interest rate lock commitments ("IRLCs") and forward loan sale commitments. For additional information related to these contingent obligations, see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 See Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources" in the Company's 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of changes in liquidity between fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of the Company's financial condition and results of operations is based upon its Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base these estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See "Forward-Looking Statements" above. 
 We believe the following accounting policies are critical to Company operating results or may affect significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements and should be read in conjunction with the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Warranties. Estimates include the number of homes still under warranty, including homes in distributor inventories, homes purchased by consumers still within the one-year warranty period, the timing in which work orders are completed and the historical average costs incurred to service a home. While the number of homes still under warranty and the timing in which work orders are completed are readily determinable, the average costs incurred will vary based on market prices and availability, which are the primary subjective inputs in estimating the reserve. We expect that a 5 increase in average costs would increase our reserve proportionally. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities. The determination of the need for, or amount of, any valuation allowance involves significant judgment and is based upon the evaluation of both positive and negative evidence, including estimates of anticipated taxable profits in various jurisdictions with which the deferred tax assets are associated. At April 1, 2023, based on historical profits earned and forecasted taxable profits, we determined that all deferred tax assets, except for certain state net operating loss deferred tax assets, would be utilized in future periods. Additionally, the overall state income tax rate is based on income apportionment by state, which is estimated using prior year results, along with expected current year impacts. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangibles. We evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 we conducted our annual goodwill impairment test and no impairment charges were recorded. The estimated fair values of our two reporting units exceeded their carrying values at the date of their most recent estimated fair value determination. However, estimated fair values would need to decrease by over 375 for there to be indicators of impairment. The fair value evaluation of intangible assets acquired includes the use of acceptable valuation approaches utilizing unobservable inputs, which may lead to a high level of uncertainty. These Level 3 inputs relate to forecasts of future cash flows, pre-tax income and revenue growth rates, as well as the selection of royalty and discount rates. The analysis depends upon a number of judgments, estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, such testing is subject to uncertainties, which could cause fair value to fluctuate. 
 Other Matters 
 Impact of Inflation. At the end of the period, inflation was the highest in the U.S. in over 30 years. Our ability to maintain certain levels of gross margin can be adversely impacted by sudden increases in specific costs, such as the increases in material and labor. In addition, measures used to combat inflation, such as increases in interest rates, could also have an impact on the ability of home buyers to obtain affordable financing. We can give no assurance that inflation will not affect future profitability. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. We may from time to time be exposed to interest rate risk inherent in our financial instruments. We manage exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities. 
 The Company's operations are interest rate sensitive. As overall manufactured housing demand can be adversely affected by increases in interest rates, a significant increase in wholesale or mortgage interest rates may negatively affect the ability of distributors and home buyers to secure financing. Higher interest rates could unfavorably impact revenues, gross margins and net earnings. 
 We are exposed to market risk related to the accessibility and terms of long-term financing of our consumer loans. While we previously accessed the asset-backed securities market to provide term financing of home-only and non-conforming mortgage originations, at present, independent asset-backed and mortgage-backed securitization markets are not readily available to us or other manufactured housing lenders. Accordingly, we have not securitized our loan originations as a means to obtain long-term funding. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 We are also exposed to market risks related to the consumer and commercial loan notes receivables. For fixed and step rate instruments, changes in interest rates do not change future earnings and cash flows. However, changes in interest rates could affect the fair value of these instruments. Assuming the level of these instruments as of April 1, 2023 is held constant, a 1 (100 basis points) unfavorable change in average interest rates would adversely impact the fair value of these instruments, as follows: 
 in thousands) Reduction in Fair Value Consumer loans receivable 1,327 Commercial loans receivable 647 Other secured financing 74 
 In originating loans for sale, we issue IRLCs to prospective borrowers and third-party originators. These IRLCs represent an agreement to extend credit to a loan applicant, whereby the interest rate on the loan is set prior to loan closing or sale. These IRLCs bind us to fund the approved loan at the specified rate regardless of whether interest rates or market prices for similar loans have changed between the commitment date and the closing date. As such, outstanding IRLCs are subject to interest rate risk and related loan sale price risk during the period from the date of the IRLC through the earlier of the loan sale date or IRLC expiration date. The loan commitments generally range between 30 and 180 days; however, borrowers are not obligated to close the related loans. As a result, we are also subject to fallout risk related to IRLCs, which is realized if approved borrowers choose not to close on the loans within the terms of the IRLCs. As of April 1, 2023, we had outstanding IRLCs with a notional amount of 64.9 million recorded at fair value in accordance with FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. The estimated fair values of IRLCs are based on quoted market values and are recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets for net favorable positions, or Accrued expenses and other current liabilities for net unfavorable positions, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of IRLCs is based on the value of the underlying loan adjusted for: (i) estimated cost to complete and originate the loan and (ii) the estimated percentage of IRLCs that will result in closed loans. The initial and subsequent changes in the value of IRLCs are a component of current income. Assuming the level of IRLCs is held constant, a 1 (100 basis points) increase in average interest rates would decrease the fair value of the obligations by approximately 0.1 million. 
 We have certain assets and liabilities for a production facility located in Ojinaga, Mexico, which imports raw materials and components and exports finished homes to our retail locations in the United States. This facility incurs expenses denominated in the Mexican Peso ("MXN") primarily for the payment of wages for employees, accounts payable arising from selling, general and administrative expenses, purchases of property plant and equipment and taxes imposed by foreign tax jurisdictions. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the MXN and the US Dollar could have a material impact on our results of operations. A 10 change in exchange rates as of April 1, 2023 could have resulted in a revaluation loss of approximately 0.2 million. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Reference is made to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Reports thereon, the Notes thereto and the supplementary data commencing on page F-1 of this report, which Consolidated Financial Statements, Reports, Notes and data are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including its President and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of April 1, 2023, its disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Cavco Industries, Inc. (the "Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company's assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that the Company's receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, the Company's controls and procedures may not prevent or detect misstatements. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all controls systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("2013 framework"). Based on management's evaluation under the criteria in the 2013 framework, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 1, 2023. 
 The scope of management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of Solitaire Homes, which is included in the 2023 consolidated financial statements of Cavco Industries, Inc. since the acquisition date of January 3, 2023 and which comprised approximately 11 of total assets and 1 of net revenues as of and for the year ended April 1, 2023, respectively. 
 The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023 has been audited by RSM US LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended April 1, 2023, which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Cavco Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and redeemable noncontrolling interest, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended April 1, 2023, and the related notes of the Company and our report dated May 19, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 As described in Management's Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting, management has excluded Solitaire Inc. and other related entities (collectively "Solitaire Homes") from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, because it was acquired by the Company in a business combination completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. We have also excluded Solitaire Homes from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Solitaire Homes is a subsidiary whose total assets and net income represent approximately 11 and 0 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended April 1, 2023. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ RSM US LLP Phoenix, Arizona May 19, 2023 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement"), which proxy statement we expect to file with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. 
 The Company has a Code of Conduct that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company. A copy of the Company's Code of Conduct is located on the Company's website at www.cavcoindustries.com or will be mailed, at no charge, upon request submitted to Mickey R. Dragash, Secretary, Cavco Industries, Inc., 3636 North Central Avenue, Suite 1200, Phoenix, Arizona, 85012. If the Company makes any amendment to, or grants any waivers of, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer where such amendment or waiver is required to be disclosed under applicable SEC rules, the Company intends to disclose such amendment or waiver and the reasons therefore on its website at www.cavcoindustries.com. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table sets forth information as of April 1, 2023, with respect to the Company's compensation plans and individual compensation arrangements under which the Company's equity securities were authorized for issuance to directors, officers, employees, consultants and certain other persons and entities in exchange for the provision of goods or services. 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 197,895 116.37 271,080 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders Total 197,895 116.37 271,080 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required to be disclosed by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 
 All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 Exhibits 
 The documents listed below are being filed or have previously been filed on behalf of the Company and are incorporated herein by reference from the documents indicated and made a part hereof. Exhibits not identified as previously filed are filed herewith. 
 Copies of any of the exhibits referred to below will be furnished at no cost to security holders who make a written request to Mickey R. Dragash, Secretary, Cavco Industries, Inc., 3636 North Central Avenue, Suite 1200, Phoenix, Arizona, 85012 or via the Company website (www.cavcoindustries.com). 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Filed/Furnished Herewith or Incorporated by Reference 3.1 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cavco 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cavco 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2006 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cavco 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 27, 2015 3.4 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cavco 
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Periodic Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2020 4.1 
 Description of Registrant's Securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 10.1 
 Stock Incentive Plan of Cavco 
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form 10/A (File No. 000-08822) filed by Cavco on May 30, 2003 10.1.1 
 Amendment to the Cavco Industries, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 10.2 
 Cavco 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit A to the Corporation's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2005 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2005 10.2.1 
 First Amendment to Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2010 10.2.2 
 Second Amendment to Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 26, 2015 10.2.3 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2012 10.2.4 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2016 10.2.5 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Stock Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2019 10.2.6 
 Form of Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-employee Directors 
 Exhibit 10.2.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30, 2019 10.2.7 
 Form of Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2022) 
 Exhibit 10.2.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 2, 2022 10.2.8 
 Form of Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employees 
 Filed herewith 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Filed/Furnished Herewith or Incorporated by Reference 10.2.9 
 Form of Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2023) 
 Filed herewith 10.3.1 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, by and between William C. Boor and Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2019 10.3.2 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, by and between Mickey R. Dragash and Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2019 10.3.3 
 Offer Letter, dated as of January 7, 2020, between the Company and Matthew Ni o 
 Exhibit 10.3.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 10.3.4 
 Compensatory Arrangements of Allison K. Aden, dated as of August 5, 2021 
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2021 10.3.5 
 Severance Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2021, by and between Allison K. Aden and Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 2, 2021 10.3.6 
 Severance Agreement, dated May 20, 2020, by and between Steven K. Like and Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 Exhibit 10.3.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 10.4 
 Executive Officer Incentive Plans for Fiscal Year 2020 
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2019 10.4.1 
 Executive Officer Incentive Plans for Fiscal Year 2022 
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2021 10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 Exhibit 10.5 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2019 10.6 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement 
 Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 2, 2021 10.7 
 Cavco Industries, Inc. Clawback Policy 
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 28, 2020 10.8 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 23, 2021, by and among Commodore Homes, LLC, The Commodore Corporation, TCC Clarion Limited Partnership, TCC Pennwest, LLC and each of the individual equityholders named therein, and Barry S. Shein, in his capacity as Sellers' representative 
 Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2021 10.9 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022, among Cavco Industries, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2022 21 
 List of Subsidiaries of Cavco 
 Filed herewith 23 
 Consent of RSM US LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Filed herewith 31.1 
 Certificate of William C. Boor, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 
 Filed herewith 31.2 
 Certificate of Allison K. Aden, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 
 Filed herewith 32.1 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document- the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File- the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 These certifications are not "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. These certifications are not to be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, unless Cavco specifically incorporates them by reference. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. Date: May 19, 2023 /s/ William C. Boor William C. Boor President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ William C. Boor Director, President and Chief Executive Officer May 19, 2023 William C. Boor (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Allison K. Aden Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer May 19, 2023 Allison K. Aden (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Paul W. Bigbee Chief Accounting Officer May 19, 2023 Paul W. Bigbee (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Steven G. Bunger Chairman of the Board of Directors May 19, 2023 Steven G. Bunger /s/ Susan L. Blount Director May 19, 2023 Susan L. Blount /s/ David A. Greenblatt Director May 19, 2023 David A. Greenblatt /s/ Richard A. Kerley Director May 19, 2023 Richard A. Kerley /s/ Steven W. Moster Director May 19, 2023 Steven W. Moster /s/ Julia W. Sze Director May 19, 2023 Julia W. Sze 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3, 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity And Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest for the Years Ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3, 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended April 1, 2023, April 2, 2022 and April 3, 2021 
 F- 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cavco Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and redeemable noncontrolling interest, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 1, 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 1, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of April 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated May 19, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Warranty Reserve 
 As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company provides retail home buyers, builders or developers with a one year warranty for manufacturing defects from the date of sale to the retail customer. Nonstructural components of a cosmetic nature are warranted for 120 days, except in specific cases where state laws require longer warranty terms. The Company's warranty reserves were 31.4 million and 26.3 million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, and estimated warranty costs are accrued in cost of sales at the time of sale. Management determines the warranty reserves based on estimates of the amounts necessary to settle existing and future claims on homes sold as of the balance sheet date. Factors used by management to calculate the warranty obligation are the estimated number of homes under warranty, including homes in distributor inventories, homes purchased by consumers within the one year warranty period, the timing in which work orders are completed and the historical average costs incurred to service a home. 
 We identified the warranty reserve as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate costs related to warranty reserves at the time of sale. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management's estimates of future warranty claims based on historical claims paid, specifically due to significant growth since inception, introduction of new product lines, acquisitions, and variability in repair costs. 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company's significant estimates and assumptions of the warranty reserve include the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to the management's estimation of the warranty accrual, including controls over the historical warranty claim data and projected future warranty claims, and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness. We tested management's process for determining the warranty reserve by evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions related to the estimation of future claims and the related costs to repair items under warranty. 
 We evaluated the accuracy, completeness and relevance of the historical warranty claims as an input to management's warranty accrual calculation. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate the warranty accrual by comparing the warranty accrual from the prior year to the actual warranty claims paid in the subsequent year. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. May 19, 2023 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, current Accounts receivable, net Short-term investments Current portion of consumer loans receivable, net Current portion of commercial loans receivable, net Current portion of commercial loans receivable from affiliates, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash Investments Consumer loans receivable, net Commercial loans receivable, net Commercial loans receivable from affiliate, net Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangibles, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Total assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Deferred income taxes Redeemable noncontrolling interest Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; Issued and shares, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 April 3, 2021 Net revenue 
 Cost of sales 
 Gross profit 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Income from operations 
 Interest income Interest expense 
 ) ) ) Other income, net 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax expense 
 ) ) ) Net income 
 Less: net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest 
 Net income attributable to Cavco common stockholders 
 Comprehensive income Net income 
 Reclassification adjustment for securities sold 
 ) ) Applicable income taxes ) Net change in unrealized position of investments held 
 ) ) ) Applicable income taxes 
 Comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Cavco common stockholders Net income per share attributable to Cavco common stockholders Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: 
 Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Stockholders' Equity Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Common Stock Shares Amount Balance, March 28, 2020 Cumulative effect of implementing ASU 2016-13, net 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net Issuance of common stock under stock incentive plans ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases ) ) Balance, April 3, 2021 ) Initial value of noncontrolling interest upon transaction Net income Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock incentive plans Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases ) ) Distributions ) Subsequent change in redemption value ) Balance, April 2, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock incentive plans Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchases ) ) Distributions ) Subsequent change in redemption value Balance, April 1, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 April 3, 2021 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash interest income, net ) ) ) (Gain) loss on sale or retirement of property, plant and equipment, net ) ) Gain on investments and sale of loans, net ) ) ) Distribution of earnings from equity method investments Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions Accounts receivable ) ) Consumer loans receivable originated ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of consumer loans Principal payments received on consumer loans receivable Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Commercial loans receivable originated ) ) ) Principal payments received on commercial loans receivable Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Payments for acquisitions, net ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and assets held for sale Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments Return of invested capital from equity method investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments for taxes on stock option exercises and releases of equity awards ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from secured financings and other Payments on secured financings and other ) ) ) Payments for common stock repurchases ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the fiscal year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the fiscal year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid during the year for income taxes Cash paid during the year for interest Supplemental disclosures of noncash activity: Change in GNMA loans eligible for repurchase ) ) Right-of-use assets recognized and operating lease obligations incurred Fair value of assets acquired under finance lease Finance lease obligations incurred 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

during any fiscal year within the three-year period ended April 1, 2023. 
 Factory-Built Housing Revenue Recognition - Retail . Sales by Company-owned retail stores are generally recognized when the customer has entered into a legally binding sales contract, the home is delivered and permanently located at the customer's site, the home is accepted by the customer, title has transferred and funding is probable. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

allowances for doubtful accounts. 
 valuation allowance on such investments. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, on our consumer loans receivable (see Note 6). 
 To determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan loss on our commercial loans receivable, we collectively evaluate loans based on their terms and duration. We have historically been able to resell repossessed homes, thereby mitigating loss exposure. However, if a default occurs and collateral is lost, we are exposed to loss of the full value of the home loan. If we determine that it is probable that a borrower will default, a specific reserve is determined and recorded within the estimated allowance for loan losses. We recorded allowance for loan losses of million and million at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, related to commercial loans receivable (see Note 7). 
 
 to years; and machinery and equipment, to years. Repairs and maintenance charges are expensed as incurred. We sell miscellaneous property, plant and equipment in the normal course of business. 
 impairment losses recognized in fiscal years 2023, 2022 or 2021 . 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

reporting segments: factory-built housing and financial services. As of April 1, 2023, all of our goodwill is attributable to the factory-built housing reporting segment. Certain intangibles are considered indefinite-lived and others are finite-lived and are amortized over their useful lives. Finite-lived intangibles are generally amortized over to years on a straight-line basis and are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed annually for impairment first by making a qualitative assessment, and if necessary, performing a quantitative assessment and recording an impairment charge if the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis as of April 1, 2023, and as the fair value of the factory-built housing reporting unit was greater than the carrying value, there was impairment recognized during fiscal years 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 warranty for manufacturing defects from the date of sale to the retail customer. Nonstructural components of a cosmetic nature are warranted for days, except in specific cases where state laws require longer warranty terms. Estimated warranty costs are accrued in Cost of sales at the time of sale. The warranty provision and reserves are based on estimates of the amounts necessary to settle existing and future claims on homes sold as of the balance sheet date. Factors used to calculate the warranty obligation are the estimated amount of homes still under warranty, including homes in distributor inventories, homes purchased by consumers within the warranty period, the timing in which work orders are completed and the historical average costs incurred to service a home. 
 million, million and million were recognized in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, of which million and million related to incurred but not reported ("IBNR") losses, respectively. 
 
 million in fiscal year 2023, million in fiscal year 2022 and million in fiscal year 2021. 
 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

interest in Craftsman Homes, LLC and Craftsman Homes Development, LLC (collectively known as "Craftsman"). 
 An additional of the remaining equity of Craftsman is to be purchased on December 31, 2023 by us for cash. As mandatory redemption of this ownership interest is required and is due in less than one year, the fair value of this portion of the noncontrolling interest is recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities of the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In each reporting period hereafter, until purchased by the Company, the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest is adjusted to its current redemption value, based on a predetermined formula. Adjustments in the redemption value to the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest are recorded to Other income, net. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

million before tax, with an associated tax amount of million, resulting in a net unrealized loss of million. Unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities for fiscal year 2022 was million, with an associated tax amount of million, for a net unrealized loss of million. 

2. 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 Additional Items . Expected consideration, and therefore revenue, reflects reductions for returns, allowances and other incentives, some of which may be contingent on future events. Additionally, our volume rebates are accrued at the time of sale and are recorded as a reduction of Net revenue. 
 In customer contracts for retail sales of manufactured homes, consideration includes certain state and local excise taxes billed to customers when those taxes are levied directly upon us by the taxing authorities. Expected consideration excludes sales and other taxes collected on behalf of taxing authorities. We elect to treat consideration for freight performed as a fulfillment activity. Therefore, Net revenue includes consideration for freight and other fulfillment activities performed prior to the customer obtaining control of the goods. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

 Modular homes Park model RVs Other Financial services 
 Insurance agency commissions received from third-party insurance companies All other sources 
 
 3. 
 Other restricted cash 
 Less current portion ) ) 
 Corresponding amounts for customer payments to be remitted to third parties are recorded in Accounts payable. 
 Restricted cash 
 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 Marketable equity securities 
 Non-marketable equity investments 
 Less short-term investments ) ) 
 Investments in marketable equity securities consist of investments in the common stock of industrial and other companies. 
 Our non-marketable equity investments include investments in community-based initiatives that buy and sell our homes and provide home-only financing to residents of certain manufactured home communities and other distribution operations. 
 We record investments in fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale at fair value and record the difference between fair value and cost in AOCI. 
 
 ) State and political subdivision debt securities 
 ) Corporate debt securities 
 ) ) 
 
 April 2, 2022 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 ) State and political subdivision debt securities 
 ) Corporate debt securities 
 ) ) 
 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) State and political subdivision debt securities 
 ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 April 2, 2022 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 ) ) ) State and political subdivision debt securities 
 ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 We are not aware of any changes to the securities or issuers that would indicate the losses above are indicative of credit impairment as of April 1, 2023. Further, we do not intend to sell the investments, and it is more likely than not that we will not be required to sell the investments, before recovery of their amortized cost. 
 Due after one year through five years 
 Due after five years through ten years 
 Due after ten years 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 We recognize investment gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities when we sell or otherwise dispose of securities using the specific identification method. There were gross gains realized on the sale of available-for-sale debt securities for fiscal year 2023, an insignificant amount of gross gains realized on the sale of available-for-sale debt securities in fiscal year 2022 and in fiscal year 2021. There were gross losses realized on the sale of available-for-sale debt securities in either fiscal year 2023 or 2022, and the gross losses realized on the sale of available-for-sale debt securities in fiscal year 2021 were insignificant. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

Less: Net (gains) recognized on securities sold during the period ) ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains recognized during the period on securities still held ) 
 
 5. 
 Work in process Finished goods 
 The inventories above include million of inventory that was acquired with Solitaire Homes and remains on hand at April 1, 2023. Such inventory is recorded at fair value which approximates sales price. 
 
 6. 
 Loans held for investment Loans held for sale 
 Construction advances 
 Deferred financing fees and other, net 
 ) ) Allowance for loan losses 
 ) ) Less current portion ) ) 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 Change in estimated loan losses, net ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Allowance for loan losses at end of period 
 Weighted average effective interest rate Weighted average months to maturity 
 31 to 60 days 61 to 90 days 91+ days 
 Near Prime- FICO score 620-679 Sub-Prime- FICO score less than 620 No FICO score 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 Near Prime- FICO score 620-679 Sub-Prime- FICO score less than 620 No FICO score 
 of the outstanding principal balance of the consumer loans receivable portfolio was concentrated in Texas and was concentrated in Florida. As of April 2, 2022, of the outstanding principal balance of the consumer loans receivable portfolio was concentrated in Texas and was concentrated in Florida. Other than Texas and Florida, no state had concentrations in excess of of the principal balance of consumer loans receivable as of April 1, 2023 or April 2, 2022. 
 Collateral for repossessed loans is acquired through foreclosure or similar proceedings and is recorded at the estimated fair value of the home l ess the estimated costs to sell. At repossession, the fair value of the collateral is determined based on the historical recovery rates of previously charged-off loans; the loan is charged off and the loss is recorded to the allowance for loan losses. On a monthly basis, the fair value of the collateral is adjusted to the lower of the amount recorded at repossession or the estimated sales price less estimated costs to sell, based on current information. Repossessed homes totaled approximately million as of April 1, 2023 and million as of April 2, 2022, and are included in Pre paid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Foreclosure or similar proceedings in progress totaled approximately million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 ) ) Deferred financing fees, net ) ) Less current portion of commercial loans receivable (including from affiliates), net ) ) 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average months outstanding 
 The risk of loss is spread over numerous borrowers. Borrower activity is monitored on a regular basis and contractual arrangements are in place to provide adequate loss mitigation in the event of a default. Historically, we have been able to sell repossessed homes, thereby mitigating loss exposure. If a default occurs and collateral is lost, we are exposed to loss of the full value of the home loan. We evaluate the potential for loss from the commercial loan programs on a collective basis, aggregating similar loans based on their terms. Our evaluation also considers the borrower's risk rating, overall financial stability, historical experience and estimates of other economic factors. 
 Purchase accounting additions Change in estimated loan losses, net ) Balance at end of period 
 Loans are subject to regular review and are given management's attention whenever a problem situation appears to be developing. Loans with indicators of potential performance problems are placed on watch list status and are subject to additional monitoring and scrutiny. Nonperforming status includes loans accounted for on a non-accrual basis and accruing loans with principal payments past due. Our policy is to place loans on nonaccrual status when interest is past due and remains unpaid or when there is a clear indication that the borrower is unable or unwilling to make payments as they become due. We will resume accrual of interest once these factors have been remedied. Payments received on non-accrual loans are recorded on a cash basis, first to interest and then to principal, and charge-offs occur when it becomes probable that outstanding amounts will not be recovered. At April 1, 2023, there were commercial loans past due that were still accruing interest, and we were not aware of any potential problem loans that would have a material effect on the commercial loans receivable balance. 
 
 April 2, 2022 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total Performing 
 and , respectively, of our outstanding commercial loans receivable principal balance was concentrated in New York. No other state had concentrations in excess of of the principal balance of the commercial loans receivable as of April 1, 2023 or April 2, 2022. 
 We had concentrations with one independent third-party and its affiliates that equaled and of the net commercial loans receivable principal balance outstanding, all of which was secured, as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. The risks created by these concentrations have been considered in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Machinery and equipment Land Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 Depreciation expense was million in fiscal year 2023, million in fiscal year 2022 and million in fiscal year 2021. 
 Included in the balances above are certain assets under finance leases. See Note 9 for additional information. 
 
 9. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease assets Property, plant and equipment, net (1) 
 Total lease assets Lease Liabilities Current: Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Finance lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Non-current: Operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 (1) million and million as of April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Finance lease expense Amortization of leased assets Cost of sales Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total lease expense 
 (2) 
 Cash payments for operating and finance leases were as follows (in thousands): 
 April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 April 3, 2021 Operating leases Finance leases 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Less: Amount representing interest ) ) ) 
 The following table provides information about the weighted average remaining lease terms and weighted average discount rates as of April 1, 2023: Remaining Lease Term (Years) Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 10. 
 Trademarks and trade names 
 State insurance licenses 
 Finite lived: Customer relationships 
 ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 Change in goodwill from Solitaire Homes acquisition Change in goodwill from Commodore acquisition ) Change in goodwill from Craftsman acquisition Balance at end of period 
 Amortization expense recognized on intangible assets was million during fiscal year 2023, million during fiscal year 2022 and million during fiscal year 2021. Customer relationships have a weighted average remaining life of years and other finite lived intangibles have a weighted average remaining life of years. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 11. 
 Customer deposits Estimated warranties Unearned insurance premiums Accrued volume rebates Other 
 
 12. 
 Purchase accounting additions 
 Charged to costs and expenses 
 Payments and deductions 
 ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 Other secured financing Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest Less current portion included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Actual payments may vary from those above, resulting from prepayments or other factors. 
 See Note 9 for further discussion of the finance lease obligations. 
 
 14. 
 million revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility"), which may be increased from time to time through adding one or more tranches of term loans (each an "Incremental Term Facility") up to an aggregate amount of million. 
 per annum. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility is recourse to certain of the Company's subsidiaries, on a joint and several basis as guarantors, but is unsecured. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, and affirmative negative covenants. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

15. 
 Assumed premiums nonaffiliated Ceded premiums nonaffiliated ) ) ) ) 
 
 Typical insurance policies written or assumed have a maximum coverage of million per claim, of which we cede million of the risk of loss per reinsurance. Therefore, our risk of loss is limited to million per claim on typical policies, subject to the reinsurers meeting their obligations. After this limit, amounts are recoverable through reinsurance for catastrophic losses in excess of million per occurrence, up to a maximum of million in the aggregate for that occurrence. 
 Purchasing reinsurance contracts mitigates the frequency and/or severity of losses incurred on insurance policies issued, such as in the case of a catastrophe that generates a large number of serious claims on multiple policies at the same time. Under these agreements, we may be required to repurchase and reestablish the reinsurance contracts for the remainder of the year to the extent that they have been utilized. 
 Standard Casualty establishes reserves for claims and claims expense on reported and IBNR claims of non-reinsured losses. 
 Net incurred losses during the year Net claim payments during the year ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 16. 
 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Deferred Federal ) State ) ) ) 
 for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 to income before income taxes reported in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income is as follows (in thousands): 
 2023 2022 2021 Federal income tax at statutory rate State income taxes, net of federal benefit Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Other ) Goodwill ) ) Warranty reserves Lease - Operating lease liability Lease - Right of use assets ) ) Salaries and wages Accrued volume rebates Research and experimentation expenditures Inventory Stock-based compensation Loan discount Unrealized gains on marketable equity investments ) ) Other ) ) 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 million related to the sale of energy efficient homes and energy start credits available under the Internal Revenue Code 45L and million related to the Research and Development and Work Opportunity Tax Credits. The 45L tax credit was initially established under the Federal Energy Policy Act of 2005 and was extended through December 31, 2022 by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. The Company determined eligibility for the program in consultation with third-party qualified experts. 
 We recorded an insignificant amount of unrecognized tax benefits during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, and there would be an insignificant effect on the effective tax rate if all unrecognized tax benefits were recognized. We classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefit related to any particular tax position is not anticipated to change significantly within the next 12 months. We believe that our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and we do not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change to our financial position. 
 million, which begin to expire in 2036, and an associated valuation allowance of million. We have evaluated our historical profits earned and forecasted taxable income and determined that, except as described above, all of the deferred tax assets would be utilized in future periods. Ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets depends on our ability to continue to earn profits, as we have historically, and to meet these forecasts in future periods. 
 Income tax returns are filed in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in several state jurisdictions. In general, we are no longer subject to examination by the IRS or state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before fiscal year 2019; however, we have filed refund claims for fiscal 2018 and 2019 which are currently being processed by the IRS. 
 
 17. 
 to months, calculated from the date of sale to the distributor) and the risk of loss is further reduced by the resale value of the repurchased homes. 
 The maximum amount for which the Company was liable under such agreements approximated million and million at April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, respectively, without reduction for the resale value of the homes. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we received repurchase demand notice and the inventory was obtained shortly after year end. As the fair value of the inventory exceeded the amount for which it was repurchased, no reserve was deemed necessary. There were no other repurchases during the year. Our reserve for repurchase commitments was million at April 1, 2023 and million at April 2, 2022. 
 Constru ction-Period Mortgages. We fund construction-period mortgages through periodic advances during home construction. At the time of initial funding, we commit to fully fund the loan contract in accordance with a predetermined schedule. Subsequent advances are contingent upon the performance of contractual obligations by the seller of the home and the borrower. Cumulative advances on construction-period mortgages are carried at the amount advanced less a valuation allowance, and are included in Consumer loans receivable, net. The total loan contract amount, less cumulative advances, represents an off-balance sheet contingent commitment to fund future advances. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 Cumulative advances ) ) 
 million as of April 1, 2023 and million as of April 2, 2022, included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities, reflects management's estimate of probable loss. We consider a variety of assumptions, including borrower performance (both actual and estimated future defaults), historical repurchase demands and loan default rates to estimate the liability for loan repurchases and indemnifications. There were claim requests that resulted in the repurchase of a loan during the year ended April 1, 2023. In addition, we are subject to minimum net worth requirements and were in compliance for the year ended April 1, 2023. 
 million, which are recorded at fair value in accordance with FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ("ASC 815"). ASC 815 clarifies that the expected net future cash flows related to the associated servicing of a loan should be included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings. The estimated fair value of IRLCs is recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets if in a net favorable position, or Accrued expenses and other current liabilities if in a net unfavorable position, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of IRLCs is based on the value of the underlying loan adjusted for: (1) estimated cost to complete and originate the loan and (2) the estimated percentage of IRLCs that will result in closed loans. The initial and subsequent changes in the value of IRLCs are a component of gain (loss) on loans held for sale. During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we recognized insignificant non-cash gains on outstanding IRLCs. During fiscal year 2021, we recognized a non-cash loss of million on outstanding IRLCs. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 million in outstanding Commitments. Commitments for forward sales of whole loans are typically in an amount proportionate with the amount of IRLCs expected to close in particular time frames, assuming no change in mortgage interest rates, for the respective loan products intended for whole loan sale. 
 The estimated fair values of Commitments are based on quoted market values and are recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the years ended April 1, 2023 and April 2, 2022, we recognized non-cash losses of million and million, respectively. During the fiscal year ended April 3, 2021, we recognized a non-cash gain of million on Commitments. 
 Legal Matters . On September 2, 2021, the SEC filed a civil complaint in the United States District Court, District of Arizona, naming the Company along with the Company's former Chairman, President Chief Executive Officer ("former CEO") and the Company's former Chief Financial Officer, alleging violations of the antifraud and internal accounting control provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), based on trading in the shares of another company directed by the former CEO. In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded an accrual relating to this loss contingency. On September 23, 2022, the United States District Court for the District of Arizona approved the settlement of the SEC action against the Company. Without admitting or denying the findings of the consent judgment, the Company agreed to the imposition of an injunction against future violations of the antifraud and internal accounting control provisions of the Exchange Act and a monetary penalty of million, which did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements. The settlement resolves all claims in such action against the Company, but we remain obligated for ongoing indemnification for a former officer of the Company. 
 We are party to certain other lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. Based on management's present knowledge of the facts and (in certain cases) advice of outside counsel, management does not believe that loss contingencies arising from pending matters are likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity or results of operations after taking into account any existing reserves, which reserves are included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, future events or circumstances that may currently be unknown to management will determine whether the resolution of pending or threatened litigation or claims will ultimately have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity or results of operations in any future reporting periods. 
 
 18. 
 shares of the Company's common stock, of which shares were still available for grant as of April 1, 2023. The exercise price of stock option awards may not be below of the fair market value of the Company's common stock at the date of grant. Stock options vest over a defined period as determined by the plan administrator (the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of independent directors), but typically is no more than and generally expire from the date of grant. Upon option exercise, new shares of the Company's common stock are issued. Service-based RSUs vest over a defined period, typically . Performance-based RSUs vest based on the achievement of certain criteria, determined by the plan administrator, over the measurement period which is generally . When RSUs vest, unrestricted shares are issued. The stock incentive plans provide for accelerated vesting of stock option awards and RSUs when the participant is involuntarily terminated upon a change in control (as defined in the plans). 
 We apply the fair value recognition provisions of ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation . Stock compensation expense was approximately million, million and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of April 1, 2023, total unrecognized compensation cost was approximately million and the related weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized is approximately years. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Canceled or expired ) Outstanding at April 3, 2021 Exercised ) Canceled or expired ) Outstanding at April 2, 2022 Exercised ) Canceled or expired ) Outstanding at April 1, 2023 Exercisable at April 3, 2021 Exercisable at April 2, 2022 Exercisable at April 1, 2023 
 per share using the following weighted average assumptions: 2021 Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Expected option life in years Estimated forfeiture rate 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 Awarded Released ) Outstanding at April 3, 2021 Awarded Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at April 2, 2022 Awarded Released ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at April 1, 2023 
 The total intrinsic value of RSUs released during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million and million, respectively. Number of Performance-based units Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per share Outstanding at March 28, 2020 Awarded Forfeited ) Outstanding at April 3, 2021 Awarded Forfeited ) Outstanding at April 2, 2022 Awarded Additional shares granted by performance Released ) Outstanding at April 1, 2023 Unvested target performance-based RSUs that may vest based upon performance conditions through fiscal year 2023 Unvested target performance-based RSUs that may vest based upon performance conditions through fiscal year 2024 Unvested target performance-based RSUs that may vest based upon performance conditions through fiscal year 2025 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 million and there was in either fiscal year 2022 or fiscal year 2021. 
 Actual performance exceeded the target established for the three-year performance-based RSUs granted in fiscal year 2021. As a result, in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, we expect performance-based RSUs will vest and be released, in addition to the unvested target performance-based RSUs shown in the table above. 
 
 19. 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive securities Diluted Net income per share attributable to Cavco common stockholders Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive common stock equivalents excluded 
 Outstanding RSUs excluded, as underlying performance criteria has not yet been met 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 20. 
 Marketable equity securities (2) 
 Non-marketable equity investments (3) 
 Consumer loans receivable (4) (5) 
 Commercial loans receivable (5) 
 Other secured financing (6) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 Consumer loans held for investment are measured using Level 3 inputs that are calculated using estimated discounted future cash flows from the evaluation of loan credit quality and performance history to determine expected prepayments and defaults on the portfolio, discounted with rates considered to reflect current market conditions. Loans held for sale are measured at the lower of cost or fair value, less costs to sell, using inputs that consist of quoted market prices for mortgage-backed securities or investor purchase commitments for similar types of loan commitments on hand from investors. The cost of loans held for sale was lower than the fair value as of April 1, 2023. 
 
 Weighted average servicing fee (basis points) 
 34.71 34.76 Capitalized servicing multiple 
 Capitalized servicing rate (basis points) 
 34.36 29.57 Serviced portfolio with MSRs (in thousands) 
 MSRs (in thousands) 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 21. 
 million. Incurred claims identified under the third-party administrator's incident reporting system and IBNR claims are accrued based on estimates that incorporate claim experience, as well as other considerations such as the nature of each claim or incident, relevant trend factors and advice from consulting actuaries when necessary. Medical claims expense was million, million and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We sponsor an employee savings plan (the "401k Plan") that is intended to provide participating employees with additional income upon retirement. Employees may contribute their eligible compensation up to federal limits to the 401k Plan. The Company match is discretionary and may be up to of the first of eligible compensation contributed by employees. For calendar year 2022, the Company match was of the first of eligible compensation contributed by employees. Employees are eligible to participate on the first of the month following 90 days of service and employer matching contributions are vested progressively over years. Employer matching contribution expense was million in fiscal year 2023, million in fiscal year 2022 and million in fiscal year 2021. 
 Certain Commodore manufacturing facilities participate in the IAM National Pension Fund, a multiemployer defined benefit plan. Participation in this plan is available to all hourly employees who are members of the participating collective bargaining unit. Beginning January 1, 2022, we contribute to the plan a specified amount per hour worked for each eligible employee. Benefits under this plan are based on a fixed monthly benefit rate per year of credited service. The risks of participating in this multiemployer plan differ from single-employer plans. The potential risks include, but are not limited to, the use of the Company's contributions to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, the Company becoming obligated for other participating employers' unfunded obligations and, upon the Company's withdrawal from the plan, the Company being required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 (1) 

22. 
 million , million and million, respectively. As of April 1, 2023, receivables from related parties included million of accounts receivable and million of commercial loans outstanding. As of April 2, 2022, receivables from related parties included million of accounts receivable and million of commercial loans outstanding. 
 
 23. 
 , we obtained an additional ownership interest in Craftsman Homes, LLC and Craftsman Homes Development, LLC (collectively known as "Craftsman" or the "Entities"), which gave us a controlling ownership interest and resulted in consolidation of the Entities. See Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest policy in Note 1. The purchase price on July 4, 2021 for ownership was million, valuing the Entities at million. The remeasurement of the Entities assets and liabilities to fair value resulted in a non-cash gain of million, recorded in in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 FY22 Commodore Acquisition 
 On , we purchased certain manufactured housing assets and assumed certain liabilities of The Commodore Corporation ("Commodore"). The acquisition-date fair value of the total consideration was million . During the second fiscal quarter of 2023, we finalized the purchase price allocation related to the Commodore acquisition, which did not have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Commercial loans Inventories Property, plant and equipment (1) 
 Other current assets Intangible assets (2) 
 Total identifiable assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill (3) 
 Net assets acquired 
 (1) 
 (2) million assigned to customer-related intangibles, subject to a useful life of years amortized on a straight-line basis; million assigned to trademarks and trade names, which are considered indefinite lived intangible assets and are not subject to amortization; million for acquired sales order backlogs that will be amortized over the period to produce the associated backlog; and million for a covenant not to compete from the sellers, amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of years. 
 (3) 
 FY23 Solitaire Acquisition 
 On , we completed the acquisition of Solitaire Inc. and other related entities (collectively "Solitaire Homes"), including their four manufacturing facilities and twenty-two retail locations by acquiring 100 of the outstanding stock of Solitaire Homes. The addition of Solitaire Homes to our existing manufacturing and retail system strengthens our retail position in the Southwest and expands our manufacturing capabilities into Mexico. 
 The acquisition-date fair value of the total consideration was million , which is subject to customary adjustments. We have expensed million in acquisition related transaction costs in expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and have not incurred debt in connection with the purchase or subsequent operations. 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 Investments Accounts receivable Inventories Property, plant and equipment Other current assets Intangible assets (1) 
 Total identifiable assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill (2) 
 Net assets acquired 
 (1) million assigned to trade names, which are considered indefinite lived intangible assets and are not subject to amortization, million assigned to customer-related intangibles, subject to a useful life of years amortized on a straight-line basis, and million for covenants not to compete from the sellers, amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of years. 
 (2) 
 Since the acquisition date, Solitaire Homes contributed Net revenue of million and a Net loss of million for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. 
 Net income attributable to Cavco common stockholders Diluted net income per share 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 24. 
 segments: (1) factory-built housing, which includes wholesale and retail factory-built housing operations and (2) financial services, which includes manufactured housing consumer finance and insurance. 
 Financial services 
 Net revenue for financial services consists of: 
 Finance Insurance 
 Income before income taxes: 
 Factory-built housing 
 Financial services 
 Depreciation: 
 Factory-built housing 
 Financial services 
 Amortization: 
 Factory-built housing 
 Financial services 
 Income tax expense: 
 Factory-built housing 
 Financial services 
 Capital expenditures: 
 Factory-built housing 
 Financial services 

April 1, 2023 April 2, 2022 Total assets: Factory-built housing Financial services 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 Factory-built housing Financial services 
 F-41 

<EX-10.2 8>
 2
 cvco-202341xexhibit1028.htm
 EX-10.2.8

Document 

Exhibit 10.2.8 
 
 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 (for Employees) 
 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement , RSU Agreement or Agreement is made and entered into as of __________ (the Grant Date by and between Cavco Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation Cavco or the Company ), and _______________ (the Grantee ), an employee of the Company, pursuant to the Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ). Except as defined herein (or as provided in Exhibit A attached hereto), capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 On the Grant Date and subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, including Section 11 of the Plan, the Company grants to the Grantee an Award of _________________ Restricted Stock Units Restricted Stock Units or RSUs ). Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock, par value .01 per share Common Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision set forth herein, this Agreement will automatically terminate and be void and this grant of Restricted Stock Units shall automatically be rescinded and withdrawn and be of no force or effect if the Grantee fails to sign this Agreement and return it to the Company on or before the 30 th day after the Grant Date. 
 
 2. Relationship to Plan Administration Compliance with Law . 
 
 This Award is subject to all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan and administrative interpretations thereunder, if any, which have been adopted by the Administrator from time to time. The Plan and this Award shall in all respects be administered by the Administrator (or its designee) in accordance with the terms of and as provided in the Plan. The Administrator (or its designee) shall have the sole and complete discretion with respect to all matters reserved to it by the Plan and decisions of the Administrator (or its designee) with respect thereto and to this Agreement shall be final and binding upon the Grantee and the Company. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 
 Consistent with the Plan, the issuance and transfer of Common Stock in connection with the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Grantee with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Company s shares of Common Stock may be listed. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. 
 
 3. Vesting Forfeiture . 
 
 Subject to the other conditions in this Agreement and the Plan and the Grantee s continued service, the Restricted Stock Units shall fully vest and the restrictions on the Restricted Stock Units will lapse as follows (with each such date on which Restricted Stock Units vest deemed a Vesting Date (a) 33 on the 12 month anniversary of the Grant Date (b) 33 on the 24 month anniversary of the Grant Date and (c) 34 on the 36 month anniversary of the Grant Date, provided, that, if the Grantee terminates employment and is deemed a Good Leaver at the time of his or her termination then any unvested Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on the next anniversary of the Grant Date shall vest on the date of the Grantee s termination of employment on a pro-rated basis based on the number of full months the Grantee was employed during the period between the most recent Vesting Date and the date of such termination of employment. 

For purposes of this Agreement, Grantee will be deemed a Good Leaver if he or she (a) terminates employment due to death or Disability (b) incurs a termination of employment by the Company without Cause or (c) terminates employment on account of Retirement . For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means a Grantee s voluntary termination of employment after the sum of the Grantee s age and length of continuous service with the Company is equal to or greater than 65 provided that (i) the Grantee has at least five (5) years of continuous service with the Company and or one or more of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (ii) the Grantee is at least 55 years old (iii) unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company, the Grantee has provided at least 90 days advance written notice to the Company prior to the Grantee s voluntary termination of employment and satisfactorily completed any and all transition duties assigned to Grantee during such notice period and (iii) the Grantee has signed (and not revoked) a standard release of claims in favor of the Company and any other documentation (including, without limitation, non-competition covenants and or non-solicitation covenants) requested by the Company at the time of the Grantee s voluntary termination of employment. 
 If the Grantee s service terminates for any reason other than the Good Leaver reasons identified above before all of his or her Restricted Stock Units have vested, the Grantee s unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically forfeited upon such termination of service and the Company shall not have any further obligations to the Grantee under this Agreement. 
 To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the term termination of employment, terminates employment and or any similar term means Separation from Service. 
 4. Payment . 
 
 Within 10 days of the applicable Vesting Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Grantee shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, through a book entry credit or electronic delivery of certificates) in respect of the Restricted Stock Units that have vested. 
 
 5. Delivery of Shares . 
 
 The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock if counsel to the Company determines that such sale or delivery would violate any applicable law or any rule or regulations of any governmental authority or any rule or regulation of, or agreement of the Company with, any securities exchange or association upon which the Common Stock is listed or quoted. The Company shall in no event be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the delivery of shares of Common Stock to comply with any such law, rule, regulations or agreement. 
 
 6. Notices . 
 
 Notice or other communication to the Company with respect to this Award must be made in the following manner, using such forms as the Company may from time to time provide (a) by electronic means as designated by the Administrator (b) by registered or certified United States mail, postage prepaid, to Cavco Industries, Inc., Attention Secretary, 3636 N. Central Ave., Suite 1200, Phoenix, Arizona 85012 or (c) by hand delivery or otherwise to Cavco Industries, Inc., Attention Secretary, 3636 N. Central Ave., Suite 1200, Phoenix, Arizona 85012. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the address of the Company is changed, any such notice shall instead be made pursuant to the foregoing provisions at the Company s current address. 
 
 Any notices provided for in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement or in the Plan shall be given in writing or by such electronic means, as permitted by the Administrator, and shall be deemed effectively delivered or given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to the Grantee, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Grantee at the address specified at the end of this Agreement or at such other address as the Grantee hereafter designates by written notice to the Company. 

7. Assignment of Award . 
 
 Except as otherwise permitted by the Administrator, the Grantee s rights under the Plan and this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement are personal no assignment or transfer of the Grantee s rights under and interest in this Award may be made by the Grantee other than by will, by beneficiary designation, by the laws of descent and distribution or by a qualified domestic relations order and this Award is payable only to the Grantee during his lifetime, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. After the death of the Grantee, payment of the Award shall be permitted only to the Grantee s designated beneficiary or, in the absence of a designated beneficiary and as required by applicable law, the Grantee s spouse or executor or the personal representative of the Grantee s estate (or by his assignee, in the event of a permitted assignment) and only to the extent that the Award was payable on the date of the Grantee s death. 
 
 8. Stock Certificates . 
 
 Certificates, if any, representing the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Award will bear all legends required by law and necessary or advisable to effectuate the provisions of the Plan and this Award. The Company may place a stop transfer order against shares of the Common Stock issued pursuant to this Award until all restrictions and conditions set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and in the legends referred to in this Section 8 have been complied with. 
 
 9. Stockholder Rights . 
 
 The Grantee shall have no rights of a stockholder with respect to shares of Common Stock subject to the Award unless and until (i) such time as the Award has been paid pursuant to Section 4 above, and (ii) shares of Common Stock have been transferred to the Grantee (including, without limitation, through a book entry credit or electronic delivery of certificates). 
 
 10. Successors and Assigns . 
 
 This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Grantee, the Company and their respective permitted successors and assigns (including personal representatives, heirs and legatees), except that the Grantee may not assign any rights or obligations under this Agreement except to the extent and in the manner expressly permitted herein. 
 
 11. Tax Advice Withholding . 
 
 The Grantee acknowledges that neither the Company nor any of its representatives has provided to the Grantee any tax-related advice with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement. Pursuant to the Plan, the Company shall have the right to deduct or withhold from any payments or issuance of Common Stock made by Company to the Grantee, or to require that Grantee remit to Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state or local taxes of any kind as are required by law to be withheld with respect to this Agreement and the settlement or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 12. No Service Guaranteed . 
 
 This Agreement shall not be construed to confer upon the Grantee any right to continue service with the Company and shall not limit the right of the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, to terminate the Grantee s service at any time for any reason. 
 
 13. Governing Law . 
 
 The Plan and this Agreement and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto, to the extent not otherwise governed by mandatory provisions of the Act or other securities laws of the United States, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to any conflicts of law principles thereof that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The Company and the Grantee hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Arizona with respect to matters relating to the Plan and this Agreement and agree not to raise or assert the defense that such forum is not convenient for such party. 

14. Entire Agreement Amendment Severability . 
 
 This Agreement (including all exhibits attached hereto, which are incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes), together with the Plan and all administrative interpretations thereunder (as described in Section 1 above) shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement cannot be modified, altered, or amended except by an agreement, in writing, signed by both the Company and the Grantee. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be unenforceable or invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction or under any applicable law, the parties hereto shall negotiate an equitable adjustment to the provisions of this Agreement with the view to effecting, to the greatest extent possible, the original purpose and intent of this Agreement, and in any event, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. 
 
 15. Transfer of Personal Data . 
 
 The Grantee authorizes, agrees and unambiguously consents to the transmission by the Company of any personal data information related to this Award for legitimate business purposes (including, without limitation, the administration of this Award and the Plan). This authorization and consent is voluntarily and freely given by the Grantee. 
 
 16. Clawback . 
 
 Pursuant to Section 21 of the Plan, Awards issued under the Plan are subject to potential forfeiture or recovery to the fullest extent called for by law, any applicable listing standard, or any current or future clawback policy that may be adopted by the Company from time to time, including, without limitation, any clawback policy adopted to comply with the final rules issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the final listing standards to be adopted by the NASDAQ pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. By accepting this Award, the Grantee consents to the potential forfeiture or recovery of this Award pursuant to applicable law, listing standard, and or Company clawback policy, and agrees to be bound by and comply with the clawback policy and to return to the Company the full amount required by the clawback policy. 
 
 17. Section 409A . 
 
 This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Grantee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Company concludes that this Agreement is subject to the requirements of Section 409A, neither the time nor the schedule of the payment of the Restricted Stock Units may be accelerated or subject to a further deferral except as permitted pursuant to Section 409A of the Code and the applicable regulations. In addition, if the Company concludes that this Agreement is subject to Section 409A, payment of the Restricted Stock Units may be delayed only in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the applicable regulations. 

THE COMPANY CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. Date By Name William C. Boor Title President and CEO 
 
 The Grantee hereby accepts the foregoing Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and administrative interpretations thereof referred to above. 
 
 Date GRANTEE Employee Name 
 Grantee s Address 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Change in Control 
 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 (a) The acquisition by any Person of beneficial ownership of securities of the Company (including any such acquisition of beneficial ownership deemed to have occurred pursuant to Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) if, immediately thereafter, such Person is the beneficial owner of (i) 50 or more of the total number of outstanding shares of any single class of Company Common Stock or (ii) 40 or more of the total number of outstanding shares of all classes of Company Common Stock, unless such acquisition is made (a) directly from the Company in a transaction approved by a majority of the members of the Incumbent Board or (b) by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company 
 
 (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board (or who is otherwise designated as a member of the Incumbent Board by such a vote) shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, except that any such individual shall not be considered a member of the Incumbent Board if his or her initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such term is used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board 
 
 (c) The consummation of a Business Combination, unless, immediately following such Business Combination, (i) more than 50 of both the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock of the parent corporation resulting from such Business Combination and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such parent corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors will be (or is) then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the Persons who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to such Business Combination in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, (ii) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 40 or more of the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the parent corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board immediately prior to the consummation of such Business Combination or 

(d) Approval by the Board and the stockholders of the Company of (i) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (ii) a Major Asset Disposition (or, if there is no such approval by stockholders, consummation of such Major Asset Disposition) unless, immediately following such Major Asset Disposition, (A) Persons that were beneficial owners of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to such Major Asset Disposition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Company (if it continues to exist) and of the Acquiring Entity in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Major Asset Disposition of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (B) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 40 or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company (if it continues to exist) and of the Acquiring Entity entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and (C) at least a majority of the members of the Board of the Company (if it continues to exist) and of the Acquiring Entity were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or action of the Board providing for such Major Asset Disposition. 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing 
 
 (i) the term Person means an individual, entity or group 
 
 (ii) the term group is used as it is defined for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act 
 
 (iii) the terms beneficial owner , beneficially ownership and beneficially own are used as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act 
 
 (iv) the term Business Combination means (x) a merger, consolidation or share exchange involving the Company or its stock or (y) an acquisition by the Company, directly or through one or more subsidiaries, of another entity or its stock or assets 
 
 (v) the term Company Common Stock shall mean the Common Stock, par value .01 per share, of the Company 
 
 (vi) the term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (vii) the phrase parent corporation resulting from a Business Combination means the Company if its stock is not acquired or converted in the Business Combination and otherwise means the entity which as a result of such Business Combination owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries 
 
 (viii) the term Major Asset Disposition means the sale or other disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions of 50 or more of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and any specified percentage or portion of the assets of the Company shall be based on fair market value, as determined by a majority of the members of the Incumbent Board 
 
 (ix) the term Acquiring Entity means the entity that acquires the largest portion of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of in a Major Asset Disposition (or the entity, if any, that owns a majority of the outstanding voting stock of such acquiring entity entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or members of a comparable governing body) and 
 
 (x) the phrase substantially the same proportions, when used with reference to ownership interests in the parent corporation resulting from a Business Combination or in an Acquiring Entity, means substantially in proportion to the number of shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by the applicable Persons immediately prior to the Business Combination or Major Asset Disposition, but is not to be construed in such a manner as to require that the same ratio or number of shares of such parent corporation or Acquiring Entity be issued, paid or delivered in exchange for or in respect of the shares of each class of Company Common Stock. 

The transfer of equity interests or assets of the Company in connection with a bankruptcy filing by or against the Company under Title 11 of the United States Code will not be considered to be a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing a Change in Control shall not occur in the case of Awards that are subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code unless such Change in Control constitutes a change in control event as defined in Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. 

</EX-10.2 8>

<EX-10.2 9>
 3
 cvco-202341xexhibit1029.htm
 EX-10.2.9

Document 

Exhibit 10.2.9 
 
 CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 (FOR EMPLOYEES) 
 
 This Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of _______, 20__ (the Grant Date by and between Cavco Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and ___________ (the Grantee ), an employee of the Company, pursuant to the Cavco Industries, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan ). This Award is not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation for purposes of IRS 162(m), as a result, it is not subject to the restrictions set forth in the Plan that are applicable to Awards designed to comply with IRS 162(m). Except as defined herein (or as provided in Exhibit A attached hereto), capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 
 1. Grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 Effective as of the Grant Date the Company grants to the Grantee the performance-based Restricted Stock Units pRSUs described herein (the Award ). Each pRSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, including Section 11 of the Plan. The target number of shares of Common Stock subject to this Award shall be _______ (the Target Award and the maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to this Award shall be 200 of the Target Award. 
 
 2. Relationship to Plan Administration Compliance with Law . 
 
 This Award is subject to all of the terms, conditions, and provisions of the Plan and the administrative interpretations thereunder, if any, which have been adopted by the Administrator from time to time. The Plan and this Award shall in all respects be administered by the Administrator (or its designee) in accordance with the terms of and as provided in the Plan. The Administrator (or its designee) shall have the sole and complete discretion with respect to all matters reserved to it by the Plan and decisions of the Administrator (or its designee) with respect thereto and to this Agreement shall be final and binding upon the Grantee and the Company. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 
 Consistent with the Plan, the issuance and transfer of Common Stock in connection with the pRSUs shall be subject to compliance by the Company and the Grantee with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Company s shares of Common Stock may be listed. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued or transferred unless and until any then applicable requirements of state and federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. 
 
 3. Performance Goals Vesting Forfeiture Performance Period . 
 
 The pRSUs have been credited to a bookkeeping account on the Grantee s behalf. The Grantee may earn between 0 and 200 of the Target Award in accordance with the matrix attached hereto as Exhibit B. The number of earned pRSUs will depend on the Company s level of attainment of the performance metrics Performance Goals set forth at Exhibit B. Each Performance Goal shall be weighted equally. Additional details about each Performance Goal are set out in Exhibit B. The Performance Goals will be measured over the period beginning _____, 20__ and ending _____, 20__ (the Performance Period ). 

Subject to the Grantee s continuous employment, the pRSUs will be eligible to be earned and shall vest in whole, in part, or not at all, as of the date on which the Administrator certifies the level of attainment of one or more Performance Goals, provided, that, if the Grantee terminates employment prior to the end of the Performance Period and is deemed a Good Leaver at the time of his or her termination then the Award will continue to vest on a pro-rated basis based on the number of days Grantee was employed during the Performance Period, subject to the actual attainment of the applicable Performance Goals at the end of the Performance Period, and, provided, further, that any pRSUs that are unvested at the time of the closing of a transaction that results in a Change in Control as defined in Exhibit B will immediately vest in full at the target level of attainment upon the closing of such transaction (any date on which pRSUs vest pursuant to this Section 3 shall be referred to herein as the Vesting Date ). If the Grantee s service terminates for any reason other than the Good Leaver reasons identified above before the Vesting Date, or if the Grantee s employment is terminated for Cause before payment is made pursuant to Section 4, below, all pRSUs subject to this Agreement shall be automatically forfeited and the Company shall not have any further obligations to the Grantee under this Agreement. 
 
 For purposes of this Agreement, Grantee will be deemed a Good Leaver if he or she (a) terminates employment due to death or Disability (b) incurs a termination of employment by the Company without Cause or (c) terminates employment on account of Retirement. For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means a Grantee s voluntary termination of employment after the sum of the Grantee s age and length of continuous service with the Company is equal to or greater than 65 provided that (i) the Grantee has at least five (5) years of continuous service with the Company and or one or more of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates (ii) the Grantee is at least 55 years old (iii) unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company, the Grantee has provided at least 90 days advance written notice to the Company prior to the Grantee s voluntary termination of employment and satisfactorily completed any and all transition duties assigned to Grantee during such notice period and (iii) the Grantee has signed (and not revoked) a standard release of claims in favor of the Company and any other documentation (including, without limitation, non-competition covenants and or non-solicitation covenants) requested by the Company at the time of the Grantee s voluntary termination of employment. 
 To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the term termination of employment, terminates employment and or any similar term means Separation from Service. 
 4. Payment and Delivery of Shares . 
 
 Within 5 days of the Vesting Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Grantee shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, through a book entry credit or electronic delivery of certificates) in respect of the pRSUs that have vested. 
 
 The Company shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock if counsel to the Company determines that such sale or delivery would violate any applicable law or any rule or regulations of any governmental authority or any rule or regulation of, or agreement of the Company with, any securities exchange or association upon which the Common Stock is listed or quoted. The Company shall in no event be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the delivery of shares of Common Stock to comply with any such law, rule, regulations, or agreement. 
 
 5. Notices . 
 
 Notice or other communication to the Company with respect to this Award must be made in the following manner, using such forms as the Company may from time to time provide (a) by electronic means as designated by the Administrator (b) by registered or certified United States mail, postage prepaid, to Cavco Industries, Inc., Attention Secretary, 3636 N. Central Ave., Suite 1200, Phoenix, Arizona 85012 or (c) by hand delivery or otherwise to Cavco Industries, Inc., Attention Secretary, 3636 N. Central Ave., Suite 1200, Phoenix, Arizona 85012. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the address of the Company is changed, any such notice shall instead be made pursuant to the foregoing provisions at the Company s current address. 
 
 Any notices provided for in this Agreement or in the Plan shall be given in writing or by such electronic means, as permitted by the Administrator, and shall be deemed effectively delivered or given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to the Grantee, five days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the Grantee at the address specified at the end of this Agreement or at such other address as the Grantee hereafter designates by written notice to the Company. 

6. Assignment of Award . 
 
 Except as otherwise permitted by the Administrator, the Grantee s rights under the Plan and this Agreement are personal no assignment or transfer of the Grantee s rights under and interest in this Award may be made by the Grantee other than by will, by beneficiary designation, by the laws of descent and distribution or by a qualified domestic relations order and this Award is payable only to the Grantee during his lifetime, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. After the death of the Grantee, payment of the Award shall be permitted only to the Grantee s designated beneficiary or, in the absence of a designated beneficiary and as required by applicable law, the Grantee s spouse or executor or the personal representative of the Grantee s estate (or by his assignee, in the event of a permitted assignment) and only to the extent that the Award was payable on the date of the Grantee s death. 
 
 7. Stock Certificates . 
 
 Certificates, if any, representing the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Award will bear all legends required by law and necessary or advisable to effectuate the provisions of the Plan and this Award. The Company may place a stop transfer order against shares of the Common Stock issued pursuant to this Award until all restrictions and conditions set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and in the legends referred to in this Section 7 have been complied with. 
 
 8. Stockholder Rights No Dividends . 
 
 The Grantee shall have no rights of a stockholder with respect to shares of Common Stock subject to the Award unless and until (i) such time as the Award has been paid pursuant to Section 4 and (ii) shares of Common Stock have been transferred to the Grantee (including, without limitation, through a book entry credit or electronic delivery of certificates). For the avoidance of doubt, the Grantee shall not be credited with any dividend or dividend equivalents with respect to the Award in the event that, prior to the settlement date, the Company declares a dividend on the shares of Common Stock. 
 
 9. Successors and Assigns . 
 
 This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Grantee, the Company and their respective permitted successors and assigns (including personal representatives, heirs and legatees), except that the Grantee may not assign any rights or obligations under this Agreement except to the extent and in the manner expressly permitted herein. 
 
 10. Tax Advice Withholding . 
 
 The Grantee acknowledges that neither the Company nor any of its representatives has provided to the Grantee any tax-related advice with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement. Pursuant to the Plan, the Company shall have the right to deduct or withhold from any payments or issuance of Common Stock made by Company to the Grantee, or to require that Grantee remit to Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any federal, state or local taxes of any kind as are required by law to be withheld with respect to this Agreement and the settlement or vesting of the pRSUs. 
 
 11. No Service Guaranteed No Guarantee . 
 
 This Agreement shall not be construed to confer upon the Grantee any right to continue service with the Company and shall not limit the right of the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, to terminate the Grantee s service at any time for any reason. In addition, the Award is a one-time discretionary award and the Company has no obligation to make a like award or any other award in any future period. 
 
 12. Governing Law . 
 
 The Plan and this Agreement and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto, to the extent not otherwise governed by mandatory provisions of the Act or other securities laws of the United States, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to any conflicts of law principles thereof that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. The Company and the Grantee hereby submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Arizona with respect to matters relating to the Plan and this Agreement and agree not to raise or assert the defense that such forum is not convenient for such party. 

13. Entire Agreement Amendment Severability . 
 
 This Agreement (including all exhibits attached hereto, which are incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes), together with the Plan and all administrative interpretations thereunder, shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement cannot be modified, altered, or amended except by an agreement, in writing, signed by both the Company and the Grantee. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be unenforceable or invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction or under any applicable law, the parties hereto shall negotiate an equitable adjustment to the provisions of this Agreement with the view to effecting, to the greatest extent possible, the original purpose and intent of this Agreement, and in any event, the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. 
 
 14. Transfer of Personal Data . 
 
 The Grantee authorizes, agrees and unambiguously consents to the transmission by the Company of any personal data information related to this Award for legitimate business purposes (including, without limitation, the administration of this Award and the Plan). This authorization and consent is voluntarily and freely given by the Grantee. 
 
 15. Clawback . 
 
 Pursuant to Section 21 of the Plan, Awards issued under the Plan are subject to potential forfeiture or recovery to the fullest extent called for by law, any applicable listing standard, or any current or future clawback policy that may be adopted by the Company from time to time, including, without limitation, any clawback policy adopted to comply with the final rules issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the final listing standards to be adopted by the NASDAQ pursuant to Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. By accepting this Award, the Grantee consents to the potential forfeiture or recovery of this Award pursuant to applicable law, listing standard, and or Company clawback policy, and agrees to be bound by and comply with the clawback policy and to return to the Company the full amount required by the clawback policy. 
 
 16. Section 409A . 
 
 This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the requirements for avoiding additional taxes or penalties under Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Grantee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Company concludes that this Agreement is subject to the requirements of Section 409A, neither the time nor the schedule of the payment of the pRSUs may be accelerated or subject to a further deferral except as permitted pursuant to Section 409A of the Code and the applicable regulations. In addition, if the Company concludes that this Agreement is subject to Section 409A, payment of the pRSUs may be delayed only in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the applicable regulations. 
 
 17. Acceptance of Award . 
 
 Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement will terminate automatically and be void and the Award will be rescinded if the Grantee fails to sign and return (or fails to electronically sign and or acknowledge) this Agreement to the Company within 14 days of receipt. 
 
 The Grantee hereby accepts the foregoing Agreement, subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan and administrative interpretations thereof referred to above. 

GRANTEE Employee s Name 
 Date _________________________________________ 
 
 Employee s Address 

GRANTOR CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 By _________________________________ 
 
 Name _______________________________ 
 
 Its __________________________________ 
 
 Date _________________________________ 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Change in Control 
 
 For the purpose of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 
 (a) The acquisition by any Person of beneficial ownership of securities of the Company (including any such acquisition of beneficial ownership deemed to have occurred pursuant to Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) if, immediately thereafter, such Person is the beneficial owner of (i) 50 or more of the total number of outstanding shares of any single class of Company Common Stock or (ii) 40 or more of the total number of outstanding shares of all classes of Company Common Stock, unless such acquisition is made (a) directly from the Company in a transaction approved by a majority of the members of the Incumbent Board or (b) by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company 
 
 (b) Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board (or who is otherwise designated as a member of the Incumbent Board by such a vote) shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, except that any such individual shall not be considered a member of the Incumbent Board if his or her initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such term is used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board 
 
 (c) The consummation of a Business Combination, unless, immediately following such Business Combination, (i) more than 50 of both the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock of the parent corporation resulting from such Business Combination and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such parent corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors will be (or is) then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of the Persons who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to such Business Combination in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, (ii) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 40 or more of the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the parent corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board immediately prior to the consummation of such Business Combination or 
 
 (d) Approval by the Board and the stockholders of the Company of (i) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (ii) a Major Asset Disposition (or, if there is no such approval by stockholders, consummation of such Major Asset Disposition) unless, immediately following such Major Asset Disposition, (A) Persons that were beneficial owners of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to such Major Asset Disposition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the total number of then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Company (if it continues to exist) and of the Acquiring Entity in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Major Asset Disposition of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (B) no Person (other than any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 40 or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock or the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company (if it continues to exist) and of the Acquiring Entity entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and (C) at least a majority of the members of the Board of the Company (if it continues to exist) and of the Acquiring Entity were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or action of the Board providing for such Major Asset Disposition. 

For purposes of the foregoing 
 
 (i) the term Person means an individual, entity or group 
 
 (ii) the term group is used as it is defined for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act 
 
 (iii) the terms beneficial owner , beneficially ownership and beneficially own are used as defined for purposes of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act 
 
 (iv) the term Business Combination means (x) a merger, consolidation or share exchange involving the Company or its stock or (y) an acquisition by the Company, directly or through one or more subsidiaries, of another entity or its stock or assets 
 
 (v) the term Company Common Stock shall mean the Common Stock, par value .01 per share, of the Company 
 
 (vi) the term Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (vii) the phrase parent corporation resulting from a Business Combination means the Company if its stock is not acquired or converted in the Business Combination and otherwise means the entity which as a result of such Business Combination owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries 
 
 (viii) the term Major Asset Disposition means the sale or other disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions of 50 or more of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis and any specified percentage or portion of the assets of the Company shall be based on fair market value, as determined by a majority of the members of the Incumbent Board 
 
 (ix) the term Acquiring Entity means the entity that acquires the largest portion of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of in a Major Asset Disposition (or the entity, if any, that owns a majority of the outstanding voting stock of such acquiring entity entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or members of a comparable governing body) and 
 
 (x) the phrase substantially the same proportions, when used with reference to ownership interests in the parent corporation resulting from a Business Combination or in an Acquiring Entity, means substantially in proportion to the number of shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by the applicable Persons immediately prior to the Business Combination or Major Asset Disposition, but is not to be construed in such a manner as to require that the same ratio or number of shares of such parent corporation or Acquiring Entity be issued, paid or delivered in exchange for or in respect of the shares of each class of Company Common Stock. 
 
 The transfer of equity interests or assets of the Company in connection with a bankruptcy filing by or against the Company under Title 11 of the United States Code will not be considered to be a Change in Control for purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing a Change in Control shall not occur in the case of Awards that are subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code unless such Change in Control constitutes a change in control event as defined in Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder. 

SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 PERFORMANCE GOALS 
 
 Goal 
 (Each Performance Measure Shall be Allocated Equally and Individually at 50 
 Threshold 50 Target 100 Maximum 200 Relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR) 
 
 A 50 payout will be made if the Company s rTSR for the Performance Period places it in either the Threshold, Target, or Maximum range as shown to the right. 
 20 th Percentile 
 50 th Percentile 
 80 th Percentile 
 Market Share 
 
 A 50 payout will be made if the Company s Market Share metric for the Performance Period places it in either the Threshold, Target, or Maximum range as shown to the right. 
 0 5 10 
 
 Certification No later than 90 days after the end of the Performance Period, the Administrator shall determine and certify the level of attainment, if any, of the Performance Goals and the resulting number of pRSUs earned and vested. Payouts between performance levels will be determined based on straight line interpolation. The Administrator may modify a Performance Goal, in whole or in part, as it deems appropriate, if it determines that a change in the business, operations, corporate structure or capital structure of the Company or the manner in which the Company conducts its business, or other unusual or non-recurring events or circumstances render the Performance Goal(s) to be unsuitable. 
 
 Market Share Market share shall be determined by reference to the percentage difference between (i) the total number of Company units shipped during the fiscal year ending immediately prior to the Performance Period divided by the number of Housing and Urban Development Code Home shipments during the same period and (ii) the total number of Company units shipped during the last fiscal year of the Performance Period divided by the number of Housing and Urban Development Code Home shipments during the same period. For this purpose, all shipments shall include acquisitions and all units shipped, whether HUD code homes or other. 
 
 Relative Total Shareholder Return rTSR rTSR shall be determined with respect to the Company and the rTSR Comparator Companies by dividing (a) the sum of (i) the difference between the applicable Beginning Stock Price and the applicable Ending Stock Price plus (ii) all dividends and other distributions on the respective shares with an ex-dividend date that falls during the Performance Period by (b) the applicable Beginning Stock Price. To determine the Company s applicable percentile ranking, the Company and each rTSR Comparator Company are arranged by their respective total shareholder returns (highest to lowest). For this purpose 

Beginning Stock Price means the average of the closing market prices of the applicable company s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the 10 consecutive trading days ending with the last trading day before the beginning of the Performance Period. 
 
 Ending Stock Price means the average of the closing market prices of the applicable company s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the 10 consecutive trading days ending with the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 rTSR Comparator Companies for the Company shall be Lennar Corporation, D.R. Horton, Inc., Sherwin-Williams Company, PPG Industries, Inc. PulteGroup, Inc., Mohawk Industries, Inc., Builders FirstSource, Inc., NVR, Inc., Masco Corporation, Toll Brothers, Inc., Owens Corning, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc., Taylor Morrison Homes Corp., Fortune Brands Home and Security, Inc., Watsco, Inc. Meritage Homes Corporation, KB Home, M.D.C. Holdings, Inc., Lennox International Inc., Tri Pointe Homes, Inc., Century Communities, Inc., TopBuild Corp., LGI Homes, Inc., American Woodmark Corporation, Skyline Champion Corporation, Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., Legacy Housing Corp. 
 
 If the common stock of any rTSR Comparator Company ceases to be publicly traded at any time during the Performance Period, such company shall be disregarded and shall not be considered an rTSR Comparator Company for the entirely of the Performance Period. 

</EX-10.2 9>

<EX-21>
 4
 cvco-202341xexhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF CAVCO INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 As of April 1, 2023 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction Catskill-Valley Homes, LLC Delaware Cavco Exchange LLC Delaware Chariot Eagle, LLC Florida Commodore Homes, LLC Delaware CountryPlace Acceptance Corp. Nevada CountryPlace Acceptance GP, LLC Texas CountryPlace Acceptance LP, LLC Delaware CountryPlace Mortgage, Ltd. Texas CRG Holdings, LLC Delaware Deming Manufactured Homes, LLC New Mexico Destiny Homes, LLC Delaware Diamond Home Transport, LLC Oklahoma Elite Homebuilders, LLC Indiana Elliott Homes, LLC Oklahoma Elliott Manufactured Homes, Inc. Oklahoma Fairmont Homes, LLC Delaware Fleetwood Homes, Inc. Delaware Kesterson Retail, LLC Texas Lexington Homes, Inc. Mississippi MH Group, LLC Oklahoma Palm Harbor Homes, Inc. Delaware Palm Harbor Insurance Agency of Texas, Inc. Texas Palm Harbor Villages, Inc. Delaware Palm Harbor Villages Real Estate, LLC Texas R-Anell Housing Group, LLC North Carolina SH Acquisitions, LLC Delaware Solitaire de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Solitaire Holdings, LLC Oklahoma Solitaire Homes, LLC Texas Solitaire Home Transport, L.P. Texas Solitaire Manufactured Homes, LLC Oklahoma Standard Casualty Company Texas Standard Insurance Agency, Inc. Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 cvco-202341xexhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-191171) on Form S-3 and Registration Statements (Nos. 333-106861, 333-132925, and 333-209097) on Form S-8 of Cavco Industries, Inc. of our reports dated May 19, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Cavco Industries, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cavco Industries, Inc. for the fiscal year ended April 1, 2023. 
 s RSM US LLP Phoenix, Arizona May 19, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 cvco-202341xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, William C. Boor, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date May 19, 2023 s William C. Boor William C. Boor President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 cvco-202341xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Allison K. Aden certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cavco Industries, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date May 19, 2023 s Allison K. Aden Allison K. Aden Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 cvco-202341xexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AND 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Cavco Industries, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ending April 1, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, William C. Boor and Allison K. Aden, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his or her knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 May 19, 2023 s William C. Boor William C. Boor President and Chief Executive Officer s Allison K. Aden Allison K. Aden Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cvco-20230401.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cvco-20230401_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cvco-20230401_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cvco-20230401_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cvco-20230401_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

