<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1393540_0001640334-23-000658.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5762235</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99202</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1023060</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1423865</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1354067</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1721879</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000658.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417064748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000658
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IGEN NETWORKS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001393540
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				205879021
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55289
		FILM NUMBER:		23822777

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28375 ROSTRATA AVE
		CITY:			LAKE ELSINORE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92532
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-912-5378

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28375 ROSTRATA AVE
		CITY:			LAKE ELSINORE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92532

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYNC2 ENTERTAINMENT CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081009

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NURSE SOLUTIONS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070316

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000658.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 igen_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

igen_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D. C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED . TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______ TO ______. Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , . , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) - (Registrant s telephone number including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock Title of Class Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the Common Stock of IGEN Networks Corp. held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately based on the closing price of the common stock of 0.003. The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023 was . TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 3 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 4 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 4 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 4 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 4 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 4 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 5 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 5 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 5 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 10 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 11 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 34 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 34 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 34 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 35 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 36 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 37 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 39 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 39 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 40 SIGNATURES 41 2 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business Description of Business IGEN Networks Corp. IGEN , the Company , we , our was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 14, 2006, under the name of Nurse Solutions Inc. On September 19, 2008, the Company changed its name to Sync2 Entertainment Corporation and traded under the symbol SYTO. On September 15, 2008, the Company became a reporting issuer in British Columbia, Canada. On May 26, 2009, the Company changed its name to IGEN Networks Corp. On March 25, 2015, the Company was listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE) under the trading symbol IGN and the Company became a reporting Venture Issuer in British Columbia and Ontario, Canada. The Company s principal business is the development and marketing of software services for the automotive and fleet management industry. The Company works with wireless carriers and distribution partners to provide direct and secure access to information on vehicle assets and driver behavior. The software services are based on AWS Cloud infrastructure created to provide valuable information to its customers over the wireless network and accessible from internet connected devices. The software services are marketed through automotive dealers, financial institutions, and government channels as distinct commercial and consumer brands that include Nimbo Tracking, CU Trak, Medallion GPS and most recently FamilyShield sold direct to consumers. The Company s head office is located at 31772 Casino Drive, Suite C. Lake Elsinore, CA 92530. Direct line is 855-912-5378. The Company owns the DTC Patent No. 11,037,378 issued from the U.S. Patent Office as of June 15, 2021 for normalization of driver behavior data for consistent and accurate measurement of driver performance regardless of asset-type or data source. The Company also owns Patent-Pending No.17/850,258 filed on June 27, 2022. The Company has secured trademarks and distribution licenses through increased ownership of privately held technology companies. The Company is not aware of any government approval or regulations, other than those governing the normal course of business, which will affect its own business. However, the Company is invested in and foresees future investment in, or possible joint ventures with, companies for which local, regional or national regulatory approvals, particularly those pertaining to wireless networks or GPS-based applications, may apply. The Company is not aware of any significant costs or effects of compliance with environmental laws. 3 Table of Contents The Company s executive management activities are undertaken by Directors of the Company on a contract basis. The Company also relies on subcontractors for product development, finance, legal, and other related professional services. On a consolidated basis, including the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Company has 10 or less full time employees. Item 1A. Risk Factors For a discussion of risk factors affecting the Company please refer to the Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements included in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments As a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 2. Properties The Company owns no plants, mines and other materially important physical properties. The Company s office locations are specified in Item 1 of this document. Item 3. Legal Proceedings The Company currently does not have any open legal proceedings. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures The Company is not an operator, nor has a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine. 4 Table of Contents Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information The Company s common shares currently trade on the both the OTC Link OTCQB in the United States under the symbol IGEN, and the Canadian Securities Exchange (CSE) in Canada under the trading symbol IGN. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were 150 registered shareholders of common shares, not including objecting beneficial owners. Dividend Policy The Company has paid no cash dividends in the past and as of yet has had no retained earnings from which to do so. Item 6. Selected Financial Data As a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A provides information for the year ended December 31, 2022. This MD A should be read together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the consolidated financial statements ). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ). Except where otherwise specifically indicated, all amounts in this MD A are expressed in United States dollars. Certain statements in this MD A constitute forward-looking statements or forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. You should carefully read the cautionary note in this MD A regarding forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . Additional information about the Company, including our most recent consolidated financial statements and our Annual Information Form, is available on our website at www.igen-networks.com, or on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements Certain statements and information in this MD A are not based on historical facts and constitute forward- looking statements or forward-looking information within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Canadian securities laws forward-looking statements ), including our business outlook for the short and longer term and our strategy, plans and future operating performance. Forward-looking statements are provided to help you understand our views of our short and longer term prospects. We caution you that forward-looking statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. We will not update or revise our forward-looking statements unless we are required to do so by securities laws. Forward-looking statements: Typically include words and phrases about the future such as outlook , may , estimates , intends , believes , plans , anticipates and expects Are not promises or guarantees of future performance. They represent our current views and may change significantly; Are based on a number of assumptions, including those listed below, which could prove to be significantly incorrect: 5 Table of Contents Our ability to find viable companies in which to invest; Our ability to successfully manage companies in which we invest; Our ability to successfully raise capital; Our ability to successfully expand and leverage the distribution channels of our portfolio companies; Our ability to develop new distribution partnerships and channels; Expected tax rates and foreign exchange rates. Are subject to substantial known and unknown material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause our actual results, achievements and developments in our business to differ significantly from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Actual revenues and growth projections of the Company or companies in which we are invested may be lower than we expect for any reason, including, without limitation: the continuing uncertain economic conditions; price and product competition; changing product mixes; the loss of any significant customers; competition from new or established companies; higher than expected product, service, or operating costs; inability to leverage intellectual property rights; delayed product or service introductions; Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future results. Overview During fiscal-year 2022, the Company s automotive dealership channels faced significant supply-chain issues that reduced available inventory and diminished profit margins. Despite these challenges IGEN continued to make progress with creating new opportunities and products in 2022. The Company moved into new offices located in Lake Elsinore in anticipation of significant growth post 2022 challenges. Creating new channels and partnerships in 2022 were key initiatives to secure longer term market share with both our consumer and commercial customers. Product and software innovation was our priority with the recent launch of our Next-Generation Platform and Medallion GPS created for Light-to-Heavy Commercial Fleets, both developed with IGEN s patented Driver Signature and Behavior algorithms. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenues of 318,016 with a gross loss of (1) and (4,550) gross loss. Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 864,970, a decrease of 2,708,313, or 76 , from total expenses reported for 2021. Excluding stock-based compensation expense to our directors, operational expenses decreased by 16 year on year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company saw a net decrease in cash of 64,429. Cash used in operating activities was 978,056, an increase in cash used of 2 from the 962,960 net cash used in 2021. This was offset by net financings of 543,746 raised via private placements. Cash at the end of the year was 0. Notable highlights of the year ended December 31, 2022 include the following Company achievements: I) IGEN established a partnership with Prolog with the integration of technology platforms to better serve the US Government markets IGEN launches Medallion GPS PRO for Medium-to-Heavy Duty Commercial Fleets ii) IGEN announces an exclusive marketing agreement with the Association of Credit Unions Executives of Puerto Rico iii) IGEN files Patent-Pending Application for creating real-time driver Telematic Signatures for autonomous vehicles iv) IGEN receives patent acceptance for its Digital Telematics Signature (DTC) patent for greater accuracy in measuring driver performance v) IGEN is awarded a contract to provide Fleet Management Services to all New-York State Counties vi) IGEN reports a net income and profit for the June 30, 2022 reporting period 6 Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less an allowance for expected uncollectible amounts. Inherent in the assessment of the allowance for doubtful accounts are certain judgments and estimates including, among others, the customer s willingness or ability to pay, the Company s compliance with customer invoicing requirements, the effect of general economic conditions and the ongoing relationship with the customer. Accounts with outstanding balances longer than the payment terms are considered past due. We do not charge interest on past due balances. The Company writes off trade receivables when all reasonable collection efforts have been exhausted. Bad debt expense is reflected as a component of general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the acquisition price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is allocated at the date of the business combination. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment annually on December 31 of each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset may be impaired. These events and circumstances may include a significant change in legal factors or in the business climate, a significant decline in the Company s share price, an adverse action of assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, a loss of key personnel, significant disposal activity and the testing of recoverability for a significant asset group. Goodwill impairment is measured as the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value. The Company has only one reporting unit. Therefore, all of the Company s goodwill relates to that reporting unit, and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value for that reporting unit is negative. Fair Value Measurements In accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, the Company is to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. Level 3 Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 7 Table of Contents The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and other receivables, restricted cash, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate their carrying values due to the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. Foreign currency transactions are primarily undertaken in Canadian dollars. The fair value of cash is determined based on Level 1 inputs and the fair value of derivative liabilities is determined based on Level 3 inputs. The recorded values of notes payable, approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. The financial risk is the risk to the Company s operations that arise from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the degree of volatility to these rates. Currently, the Company does not use derivative instruments to reduce its exposure to foreign currency risk. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consists of cash. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents in what it believes to be credit-worthy financial institutions. Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , using the five-step model, including (1) identify the contract with the customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Title and risk of loss generally pass to our customers upon delivery, as we have insurance for lost shipments. In limited circumstances where either title or risk of loss pass upon destination or acceptance or when collection is not reasonably assured, we defer revenue recognition until such events occur. We derive substantially all our revenues from the sale of products and services combined into one performance obligation. Product revenue includes the shipment of product according to the agreement with our customers. Service revenue include vehicle tracking services and customer support (technical support), installations and consulting. A contract usually includes both product and services. For these contracts, the Company accounts for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. Performance obligations include, but are not limited to, pass-thru harnesses and vehicle tracking services. Almost all of our revenues are derived from customers located in United States of America in the auto industry. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. Standalone selling prices are typically estimated based on observable transactions when these services are not sold on a standalone basis. At contract inception, an assessment of the goods and services promised in the contracts with customers is performed and a performance obligation is identified for each distinct promise to transfer to the customer a good or service (or bundle of goods or services). To identify the performance obligations, the Company considers all of the goods or services promised in the contract regardless of whether they are explicitly stated or are implied by customary business practices. Revenue is recognized when our performance obligation has been met. The Company considers control to have transferred upon delivery because the Company has a present right to payment at that time, the Company has transferred use of the asset, and the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. For arrangements under which the Company provides vehicle tracking services, the Company satisfies its performance obligations as those services are performed whereby the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of such services under the agreement. Revenues are recognized net of any taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. The Company provides product warranties with varying lengths of time and terms. The product warranties are considered to be assurance-type in nature and do not cover anything beyond ensuring that the product is functioning as intended. Based on the guidance in ASC 606, assurance-type warranties do not represent separate performance obligations. The Company has historically experienced a low rate of product returns under the warranty program. Management assesses the business environment, customers financial condition, historical collection experience, accounts receivable aging, and customer disputes to determine whether collectability is reasonably assured. If collectability is not reasonably assured at the time of sale, the Company does not recognize revenue until collection occurs. Revenue relating to the sale of service fees on its vehicle tracking and recovery services is recognized over the life of the contact. The service renewal fees are offered in terms ranging from 12 to 36 months and are generally payable upon delivery of the vehicle tracking devices or in full upon renewal. Deferred revenues are recorded net of contract assets when cash payments are received from customers in advance of the Company s performance. Contract assets represent the costs of the underlying hardware to enable the Company to perform on its contracts with customers and are amortized using the same method and term as deferred revenues. Any revenue that has been deferred and is expected to be recognized beyond one year is classified as deferred revenue, net of current portion. Financing Costs and Debt Discount Financing costs and debt discounts are recorded net of notes payable and convertible debentures in the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of financing costs and the debt discounts is calculated using the effective interest method over the term of the debt and is recorded as interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See the notes to the consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-K for further discussion. 8 Table of Contents Capital Resources and Liquidity Current Assets and Liabilities, Working Capital As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total current assets of 52,043, a 70 decrease from the end of 2021. This decrease was mostly due to a 122,323 decrease in cash, accounts receivable, and inventory, because of the timing of payments to Nimbo from its customers and a decrease in new sales contracts in Q4 2022. The Company s current liabilities as of December 31, 2022, were 1,186,049, a 9 increase over those reported at the end of the 2021. However, 81,066 (or 7 of the Company s current liabilities were deferred revenues, net to be recognized in future periods. The increase in current liabilities was mostly due to a 482,408 increase in notes payable as of December 31, 2022. IGEN ended 2022 with negative working capital of 1,134,006. Adequate working capital remains a core requirement for growth and profitability and to facilitate further acquisitions, and the Company continues to work at improving its working capital position through ongoing equity and debt financing and actively managing the Company s growth to achieve sustainable positive cash flow. In 2022, the Company raised an additional 1,070,746 in financings and borrowing on notes payable and converted 437,139 of preferred stock into shares of common stock. These transactions are further disclosed in notes to the consolidated financial statements. Total Assets and Liabilities, Net Assets As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total assets were 616,290, a 19 decrease over the prior year, due primarily to the decrease in current assets previously discussed. The majority of the Company s assets remain 505,508 in goodwill associated with the acquisition of Nimbo in 2014. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total liabilities were 1,455,515, which reflects 81,632 in long-term deferred revenue, net in addition to the 1,186,049 in current liabilities previously discussed. This long-term deferred revenue is the portion of service contracts signed in previous years for which service, and the associated revenue recognition, occurs beyond 2023. Total liabilities increased by 6 over the previous year, however 11 , or 162,698 of the Company s year-end total liabilities was deferred revenue, net, compared with 145,485 of deferred revenue, net reported at the end of 2021. The above resulted in net assets as of December 31, 2022 being 839,225) and an accumulated deficit of 20,170,140. The Company is continuing its efforts to increase its asset base, raise funds and improve cashflow to improve its working capital position. As of the date these financial statements were issued, the Company believes it has adequate working capital and projected net revenues and cash flows to maintain existing operations for approximately six months without requiring additional funding. The Company s business plan is predicated on raising further capital for the purpose of further investment and acquisition of targeted technologies and companies, to fund growth in these technologies and companies, and to expand sales and distribution channels for companies it currently owns or is invested. It is anticipated the Company will continue to raise additional capital through private placements or other means in the both the near and medium term. The reader is cautioned that the Company s belief in the adequacy of its working capital, the continuation and growth of future revenue, the ability of the Company to operate any stated period without additional funding, and the ability to successfully raise capital are forward looking statements for which actual results may vary, to the extent that the company may need capital earlier than anticipated and/or may not be able to raise additional capital. Results of Operations Revenues and Net Loss Revenues For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had revenues of 318,016, an 18 increase over the revenues reported for same period in 2021. Increase in revenue was primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 in 2021 on demand for new vehicles at our customers franchise dealerships. Costs of goods sold for 2022 were 322,566, representing an increase of 161 year on year. These costs are primarily mobile hardware and cellular carrier costs. The resulting gross loss was 4,550, representing a decrease of 103 year on year, and gross margins of (1 ). Though the Company increased revenues, decreased gross profit, and decreased gross margins year on year, we continue to review hardware vendor, inventory, and order fulfillment strategies as well as product and service pricing models to continually improve overall margins. 9 Table of Contents Expenses Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 903,048, a decrease of 2,670,235, or 75 , from total expenses reported for 2021. Excluding stock-based compensation expense to our directors, operational expenses increased by 4 year on year. Net Loss For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 907,598 (or 0.00) per basic and diluted share) compared with a net loss of 3,428,937 (or 0.00) per basic and diluted share) in 2021. Included in the net loss of 907,598, is 301,360 of other income related to the Company s gain on settlement of debt recognized in 2022. The Company continues to invest in personnel, channels, and product development in order to drive revenue growth and increase gross profits sufficient to enable the Company to achieve profitability. Cash Flows For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company saw a net decrease in cash of 64,429. Cash used in operating activities was 978,056, an increase in cash used of 2 from the 962,960 net cash used in 2021. This was offset by net financings of 543,746 raised via private placements. Cash at the end of the year was 0. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide the information required by this item. 10 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Company s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are included herewith. IGEN NETWORKS CORP. Consolidated Financial Statements For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 11 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of IGEN Networks Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of IGEN Networks Corp. and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenues from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). In applying ASC 606 to the Company s customer contracts, there is significant judgement regarding the identification of the performance obligations, and in particular as it relates to whether hardware is a separate performance obligation or part of the performance obligation that relates to tracking services. In addition, there is also judgement as to the period of the time that revenue should be recognized for certain performance obligations, and for certain transactions there is judgement as to whether a single contract is a single contract with two performance obligations or in substance two separate contracts for accounting purposes. These matters require significant judgement and ultimately affect the timing of revenue recognition, and as a result, we identified revenue recognition as a critical audit matter. 12 Table of Contents How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To address the above matters relating to revenue recognition, our audit procedures included reviewing management s detailed evaluation of the application of ASC 606 as it applies to its various types of customer contracts and verifying that the evaluation properly considered the guidance in ASC 606. Further, our procedures also included reviewing customer contracts, testing the details of a number of transactions, and performing other procedures to verify the appropriateness of the Company s application of ASC 606. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021, April 14, 2023 PCAOB ID: 13 Table of Contents IGEN NETWORKS CORP. Consolidated Balance Sheets (Expressed in U.S. dollars) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current Assets Cash Accounts and other receivables, net Inventory Total Current Assets Deposits Operating lease asset, net Goodwill Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current portion of deferred revenue, net of contract assets Notes payable, current portion Convertible debentures, current portion, net of discount of and , respectively Derivative liabilities Total Current Liabilities Notes payable, net of current portion Operating lease liability, net of current portion Deferred revenue, net of contract assets and current portion Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Redeemable convertible preferred stock Series A: Authorized shares with par value, shares and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, aggregate liquidation preference of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and net of discount of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit Series B preferred stock Authorized shares with par value, issued and outstanding and shares, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Common stock: Authorized shares with par value issued and outstanding and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 14 Table of Contents IGEN NETWORKS CORP. Consolidated Statements of Operations (Expressed in U.S. dollars) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Sales, services Total Revenues Cost of goods sold Gross (Loss) Profit Expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Payroll and related Management and consulting fees Stock-based director expense Total Expenses Loss Before Other Income (Expense) Other Income (Expense): Accretion of discounts on convertible debentures Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Gain on extinguishment of debt, net Interest expense Total Other Income (Expense), net Net Loss before Provision for Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Loss Accrued and deemed dividend on redeemable convertible preferred stock (251,592 (371,926 Net loss attributable to common stockholders Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 15 Table of Contents IGEN NETWORKS CORP. Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock and Stockholders Deficit (Expressed in U.S. dollars) Redeemable Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid in Accumulated Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit (Deficit) Balance, January 1, 2021 Shares of Series A preferred stock for cash, net of costs and discounts - - Accrued dividends on Series A preferred stock - - - Conversion of Series A preferred shares to common stock - Issuance of Series B preferred stock - - Shares of common stock issued for cash - - Shares of common stock issued for exercise of convertible note, including fees - - Stock-based compensation - - Cashless exercise of warrants - - Issuance of common stock for conversion of payables - - Issuance of common stock for commitment fee on equity line - - Issuance of common stock for loan extension - - Net loss - - - Balance, December 31, 2021 Issuance of shares to directors - - Issuance of shares for services - - Issuance of shares for cash, net of commitment fees - - Cashless exercise of warrants - - Shares of Series A preferred stock for cash, net of costs and discounts - - Accrued dividends on Series A preferred stock - - - Conversion of Series A preferred shares to common stock - Repurchase of Series B Preferred Stock - - Net loss - - - Balance, December 31, 2022 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 16 Table of Contents IGEN NETWORKS CORP. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Expressed in U.S. dollars) Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Accretion of discounts on convertible debentures and preferred stock Change in fair value of derivative liabilities Interest charge for derivative liabilities in excess of face amount of debt Gain on settlement of debt Amortization of right of use asset Stock-based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables Inventory Prepaid expenses and deposits Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue, net Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of offering costs Proceeds from notes payable Repayment of lease liability Repayment of notes payable Repurchase of Series B preferred stock Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Change in Cash Cash, Beginning of Year Cash, End of Year Supplemental Disclosures: Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: Conversion of notes payable and accrued interest: Fair value of common shares issued Derecognition of notes payable and accrued interest Derecognition of unamortized discount Derecognition of derivative liabilities Conversion of preferred stock: Fair value of common stock issued Derecognition of preferred stock Derecognition of unamortized discount Derecognition of derivative liabilities Deemed divided Discount related to issuance of preferred stock Deemed dividends on preferred stock (excluding conversions) Cashless exercise of warrants Issuance of common shares for commitment fee on equity line Right of use asset Reclassification of security deposit to accounts payable (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 17 Table of Contents IGEN NETWORKS CORP. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Expressed in U.S. dollars) and an accumulated deficit of as of December 31, 2022, and is dependent on its ability to raise capital from stockholders or other sources to sustain operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Ultimately, the Company plans to achieve profitable operations through the increase in revenue base and successfully growing its operations organically or through acquisitions. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents 18 Table of Contents and , respectively. Inventory Equipment years Office equipment years Software 3 years Goodwill Impairment of Long-lived Assets Fair Value Measurements and Financial Instruments 19 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition and Deferred Revenue to months and are generally payable upon delivery of the vehicle tracking devices or in full upon renewal. Deferred revenues are recorded net of contract assets when cash payments are received from customers in advance of the Company s performance. Contract assets represent the costs of (1) commission costs, (2) installation costs, and (3) the underlying hardware to enable the Company to perform on its contracts with customers and are amortized using the same method and term as deferred revenues. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred revenues, net of contract assets totaled and , respectively, and contract assets totaled and , respectively. Any revenue that has been deferred and is expected to be recognized beyond one year is classified as deferred revenue, net of current portion. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded additions to deferred revenues of and recognized total revenues of through the amortization of deferred revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenues of related to deferred revenues outstanding as of December 31, 2021 as the services were performed. 20 Table of Contents Income Taxes Stock-based Compensation Derivative Financial Instruments Loss Per Share and potentially dilutive shares outstanding, respectively. Recent Accounting Pronouncement 21 Table of Contents Allowance for doubtful accounts related to the acquisition of Nimbo Tracking, LLC. Accrued liabilities Lease liability, current portion Accrued interest payable Payroll and commissions payable Unrecognized tax position 22 Table of Contents per annum (with the understanding that the first 12 months of interest of each tranche will be guaranteed). . The Conversion Price, as defined in the agreement, is the lesser of (i) the lowest Trading Price (as defined below) during the previous 25 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the date of this Promissory Note or (ii) the Variable Conversion Price (as defined below). The Variable Conversion Price means the lowest one Trading Price (as defined below) for the common stock during the 25 Trading Day period ending on the last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Trading Price means, for any security as of any date, the lesser of the (i) lowest traded price and (ii) lowest closing bid price. Based on the Company s examination of the conversion feature and the relative accounting guidance, the Company has determined that the conversion feature should be treated as a derivative liability for accounting purposes. . In connection with the Promissory Note, the Company also entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the Holder which states that the Company will also issue to the Holder a warrant to purchase an amount of shares of its common stock equal to 50 of the face value of each respective tranche divided by . Per the terms of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant agreement, on May 17, 2019, the Company issued a warrant to purchase shares of common stock with an Exercise Price of subject to adjustment (standard anti-dilution features). The agreement contains a down-round provision that automatically resets the exercise price of the warrant to a new exercise price that is equal to the per share price of common stock subsequently issued (including conversions of debt and preferred stock). Upon the lowing of the exercise price, the number of warrants will be increased such that the total proceeds upon exercise is the same amount (see Note 7). If the Market Price of one shares of common stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant to cashless exercise, in lieu of cash exercise, per a defined formula in the agreement. On June 19, 2020, the Company received in net cash proceeds from a note holder under the same terms as the Promissory Note. The related principal amount due for the convertible debt instrument was and the note matures on December 19, 2021. Using the Binomial Lattice Model, the Company computed the estimated fair value of the embedded conversion feature to be approximately and recorded a related derivative liability for that amount and a charge to interest expense of approximately . Related to the derivative liability, the shares issued, the bonus interest, and the direct financing costs, the Company recorded a debt discount totaling for the note, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note using the effective interest method. As of December 31, 2022, the principal and interest owed under this note totaled . On July 10, 2020, the Company received in net cash proceeds from a note holder under the same terms as the Promissory Note. The related principal amount due for the convertible debt instrument was and the note matures on January 10, 2022. Using the Binomial Lattice Model, the Company computed the estimated fair value of the embedded conversion feature to be approximately and recorded a related derivative liability for that amount and a charge to interest expense of approximately . Related to the derivative liability, the shares issued, the bonus interest, and the direct financing costs, the Company recorded a debt discount totaling 25,000 for the note, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note using the effective interest method. As of December 31, 2022, the principal and interest owed under this note totaled . On May 4, 2020, the Company entered into a Paycheck Protection Program PPP Loan with a principal amount of through a financial institution under the PPP administered by the SBA and established as part of the CARES Act. The PPP Loan bears interest at per annum and with the first six months of interest and principal payments deferred. The amount borrowed under the PPP Loan is guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA and is eligible for forgiveness in an amount equal to the sum of the eligible costs, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, incurred by the Company during the 24-week period beginning on the date the Company received the proceeds. The PPP Loan contains customary events of default, and the occurrence of an event of default may result in a claim for the immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the PPP Loan. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the PPP Loan, including accrued interest was . On July 7, 2020, the Company entered into a secured disaster loan with the SBA with a principal amount of . The SBA loan bears interest at per annum and matures in . The Company is required to make monthly principal and interest payments of beginning in July 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the balance on the SBA loan, including interest was . On November 2, 2020, the Company received in net cash proceeds from a note holder under an Inventory Financing Promissory Note. The related principal amount due for the convertible debt instrument was . The note bears interest at per annum and . Principal and accrued interest are convertible into common stock at a variable conversion price, which is of the average two lowest traded prices for common stock during a 10-day trading period prior to conversion. Using the Binomial Lattice Model, the Company computed the estimated fair value of the embedded conversion feature to be approximately and recorded a related derivative liability for that amount. The Company also issued shares of common stock to the note holder as additional compensation. The value of the shares, . Related to the derivative liability, the shares issued, the bonus interest, and the direct financing costs, the Company recorded a debt discount totaling approximately for the note, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note using the effective interest method. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received forgiveness of the note totaling and paid down the remaining balance and accrued interest. As of December 31, 2022 the balance on the note is . On December 13, 2021, the Company received in net cash proceeds from a note holder under a short-term bridge note. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed an additional under the note. . The Company is required to make 34 weekly payments of . As of December 31, 2022, the balance on the note was . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the holders of the convertible notes converted a total of of principal, interest and fees for a total of shares of common stock. Related to these conversions during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a reduction of the associated derivative liability for the conversion features of and a reduction of the debt discount of as components of the loss on settlement of debt. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded of interest expense related to the amortization of the debt discounts. 23 Table of Contents . The notes and bear interest between and per annum. As of December 31, 2022, the principal and interest owed on these notes totaled . As of December 31, 2022 long-term debt matures as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter - - Risk free interest rate - - Expected life (in years) - - The following table presents the Company s embedded conversion features of its convertible debt and preferred stock measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Embedded conversion feature preferred stock The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for the Company s derivative liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs: Derivative liabilities recorded upon issuance of debt instruments Extinguishment due to conversion of debt instruments Net changes in fair value included in net loss Ending balance Embedded Conversion Features Preferred Stock Balances, as of the beginning of the year Derivative liabilities recorded upon issuance of preferred stock Extinguishment due to conversion of preferred stock Net changes in fair value included in net loss Ending balance Total ending balance 24 Table of Contents and , respectively, in management and consulting fees with an officer and an entity controlled by him. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed approximately and , respectively, to directors and officers and a company controlled by a director, which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The amounts owed are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. (b) During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock for the conversion of and , respectively of accrued expenses owed to the CEO and VP of Operations. (c) During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded approximately and , respectively to the VP and General Manager for rent and other office expenses. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. The Company has designated of these shares as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ). On February 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On April 5, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On April 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On June 17, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On August 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On September 13, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On December 27, 2021, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On February 2, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On March 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On April 26, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On May 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On August 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On September 26, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On November 2, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . On December 14, 2022, the Company entered into a Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor. The Company issued shares for proceeds of . Rights and Privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock Voting Series A Preferred Dividends cumulative dividend, compounded daily, payable solely upon redemption, liquidation, or conversion. (increases to for an event of default) Liquidation Preference . Redemption Company has the right to redeem the shares from the issuance date through 270 days following the issuance date using the table noted in the Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock agreement. After 270 days, except for the Mandatory Redemption, the Company does not have the right to redeem the shares. Mandatory Redemption or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Company is required to redeem all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Holder. The Company shall make a cash payment in an amount equal to the total number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by the Holder multiplied by the then current Stated Value as adjusted (including but not limited to the addition of any accrued unpaid dividends and the Default Adjustment Conversion , the Holder may convert all or any part of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. The Variable Conversion Price is defined as 75 of the Market Price. The Market Price is defined as the average of the 3 lowest Trading Prices for the Common Stock during the 15 day Trading Period ending on the last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. Default Adjustments Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Stated Value will be increased between 150 and 200 , depending on the Event of Default. 25 Table of Contents . Related to these issuances, the Company recorded derivative liabilities of and discounts to the preferred stock of , which is being amortized to deemed dividends over the redemption period. Also related to these issuances the Company recorded deemed dividends of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the holder of the Series A preferred stock converted shares of Series A preferred stock and accrued dividends into shares of common stock. Related to these conversions during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a reduction of the associated derivative liability for the conversion features of and a reduction of the preferred stock discount of and of deemed dividend. Rights and Privileges of the Series B Preferred Stock In February 2021, the Company issued shares of its Series B Super Voting Preferred Stock. , is not entitled to receive dividends, is not convertible into shares of common stock. If the holder of the Series B preferred stock ceases to be a Board Member, the Company will repurchase any Series B preferred stock from the holder for a price of per share. If the holder of the Series B preferred stock proposes to transfer any shares of Series B preferred stock, the Company will have 90 days to repurchase the shares for a price of per share. The grant date fair value of the Series B preferred stock issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2021 was and was recorded to stock-based compensation expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of its Series B Super Voting Preferred Stock, valued at and cash, per the terms of the Series B shareholder agreement. Common Stock 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for services provided by a vendor. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of Series A preferred stock and accrued dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock as a commitment fee for a new equity line of credit. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for cash proceeds of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for services provided by management and the board of directors. 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold a total of shares of common stock for proceeds of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock for the conversion of of accrued expenses owed to the VP and General Manager and another employee. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares for the cashless exercise of warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of Series A preferred stock and accrued dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of debt and accrued interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock for a loan commitment fee and a loan extension fee. 26 Table of Contents Issued - Adjusted for triggered down-round provisions Exercised Expired Balance, December 31, 2021 Issued - Adjusted for triggered down-round provisions - Exercised Expired Balance, December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, the following share purchase warrants were outstanding: During the year ended December 31, 2022, a warrant holder exercised warrants on a cashless basis resulting in the issuance of shares of common stock. 27 Table of Contents shares available under the Plan. The following table summarizes the activity of the Company s stock options: Granted - Exercised - Cancelled / forfeited Balance, December 31, 2021 Granted - Cancelled / forfeited Balance, December 31, 2022 Vested as of December 31, 2022 Unvested as of December 31, 2022 - During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not issue any options to employees. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no unrecognized compensation expense. 28 Table of Contents and , respectively, of total invoiced amounts, which are recorded as deferred revenues and amortized over the related service period to revenues. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had three and one customers, respectively, which accounted for and , respectively, of the gross accounts receivable balance. 29 Table of Contents State Foreign Total Current Deferred: Federal State Foreign Total Deferred Provision for income taxes A reconciliation of income taxes computed by applying the statutory U.S. income tax rate to the Company s loss before income taxes to the income tax provision is as follows: State taxes Permanent items Stock-based compensation Incentive stock options Conversion feature derivative liability Interest expense, derivative liability Uncertain tax positions Impact of difference related to foreign earnings Gain on extinguishment of debt Change in fair value of derivative liability Valuation allowance Provision for income taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are as follows: Stock-based compensation Accounts receivable and other timing differences Basis difference in assets and debt Total Deferred Tax Asset Valuation allowance Net Deferred Tax Asset Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Accordingly, the net deferred tax assets for the U.S. federal and state have been fully offset by a valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state income tax purposes of and , respectively, which . 30 Table of Contents as of December 31, 2022, which is presented as part of accounts payable and accrued liabilities. These unrecognized tax positions, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. A reconciliation of the change in the unrecognized tax positions for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: Additions for tax positions related to current year Additions for tax positions related to prior years Balance at December 31, 2022 and , respectively, related to this obligation in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, including estimated penalties and interest. Operating Lease On September 1, 2021 the Company entered into a lease for office space under an operating lease for approximately square feet in Lake Elsinore, California, which is set to expire on . Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date. Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments not yet paid. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities as adjusted for prepayments or accrued lease payments, initial direct costs, lease incentives, and impairment of operating lease assets. To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid, the Company estimates incremental secured borrowing rates corresponding to the maturities of the leases. The Company s lease contains rent escalations over the lease term. The Company recognizes expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Additionally, tenant incentives used to fund leasehold improvements are recognized when earned and reduce our right-of-use asset related to the lease. These are amortized through the right-of-use asset as reductions of expense over the lease term. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company has elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all applicable classes of underlying assets. Short-term disclosures include only those leases with a term greater than one month and 12 months or less, and expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less, that do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. The components of lease expense were as follows: 31 Table of Contents Operating lease asset obtained in exchange for lease liability: Operating lease Remaining lease term Operating lease years years Discount rate Operating lease .00 .00 Future payments under noncancelable operating leases having initial or remaining terms of one year or more are as follows for the succeeding fiscal year and thereafter: 2024 Total minimum lease payments Less imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities Less current portion of operating lease liability (included in accounts payable and accrued expenses) Non-current operating lease liability Indemnities and Guarantees We have made certain indemnities and guarantees, under which we may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party, in relation to certain transactions. We indemnify our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Nevada. The duration of these indemnities and guarantees varies and, in certain cases, is indefinite. These indemnities and guarantees do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make. Historically, we have not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations and no liabilities have been recorded for these indemnities and guarantees in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Legal Matters In the ordinary course of business, we may face various claims brought by third parties and may, from time to time, make claims or take legal actions to assert our rights, including intellectual property disputes, contractual disputes and other commercial disputes. Any of these claims could subject us to litigation. Management believes there are currently no claims that are likely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 32 Table of Contents shares of common stock to its CEO, valued at . On February 22, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for cash proceeds of . On March 1, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of shares of its Series A preferred stock. On March 3, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of shares of its Series A preferred stock. The Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. Any material events that occur between the balance sheet date and the date that the consolidated financial statements were available for issuance are disclosed as subsequent events, while the consolidated financial statements are adjusted to reflect any conditions that existed at the balance sheet date. Based upon this review, except as disclosed within the footnotes or as discussed below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that require adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. 33 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. No items noted. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures with the participation of all the Company s executives, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The conclusions of the Company s principal executives was that the controls and procedures in place were effective such that the information required to be disclosed in our SEC reports was a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and b) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive offer and chief operation officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal Control over Financial Reporting As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a set of processes designed by or under the supervision of the Company s CEO, COO and CFO (or executives performing equivalent functions) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; provide reasonable assurance our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. In evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that evaluation, they concluded that during the period covered by this report, though there are weaknesses in the Company s internal controls, given the current size of the organization, such internal controls and procedures as were in place were adequately effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP. We did not identify any material weaknesses. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation we conducted of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Item 9B. Other Information. During the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there was no information required to be reported on Form 8-K which was not previously reported. 34 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers The following lists the directors and executive officers of the Company as of March 30, 2023: Name Age Position Term of Office Robert Nealon 67 Director, Chairman of the Board July 8, 2010 to present Neil G. Chan 61 Director, Chief Executive Officer September 1, 2011 to present Mark Wells 61 Director January 17, 2018 to present Abel I. Sierra 50 Director, Chief Operating Officer September 15, 2017 to present Business Experience The following are brief backgrounds on the Directors and Officers of the Company Robert Nealon, Chairman of the Board Director Mr. Nealon is the Principal Attorney in Nealon Associates, P.C., and a Washington, D.C. based law and government relations firm. He has been practicing law for twenty-seven years and has achieved an AV rating from Martindale-Hubbell, the leading rating bureau for the legal profession. Mr. Nealon has a B.A. from University of Rochester (1977) and M.B.A. from Rochester Institute of Technology (1978). He received his Juris Doctorate, magna cum laude, from the University of Bridgeport in 1982 and his Masters of Law in Taxation (L.L.M.) degree from Georgetown University in 1984. He is a member of the bar associations of New York State and Virginia, the American Bar Association and the Federal Bar Association. Mr. Nealon served as Adjunct Instructor of Corporate Law, George Washington University from 1985 until 2005. Mr. Nealon has been lead counsel on hundreds of commercial trials, including multi-million dollar derivative action lawsuits, security fraud and government contract fraud. He has been counsel to hundreds of corporations, including insurance affinity marketing, manufacturing and multiple financial institutions. Mr. Nealon has been active over the years in national politics and government relations. Mr. Nealon was appointed to the Virginia Small Business Advisory Board by former Virginia Governor Warner and was reappointed to this state board by Governor Kaine through 2010 as its Chairman. Mr. Nealon is also a current appointee to the George Mason University Advisory Board for the Institute for Conflict Analysis and Resolution in Arlington. He is also a member of the National Press Club and the Democratic National Club. Neil G. Chan, Chief Executive Officer Director Mr. Chan is a career technologist who has pioneered disruptive technologies in more than 45 countries over the last 30 years. From start-up to 400M in annual revenues, Mr. Chan has led and created the best-in-class sales, marketing, and service organizations during the development of wireless data infrastructure, mobile solutions, Software-as-a-Service for commercial fleets, and Hybrid-Fiber-Cable(HFC) broadband infrastructure and solutions. Mr. Chan led the first technology transfer initiative between Canada and Mainland China on behalf of Spar Aerospace and Gandalf Technologies Inc., along with training, product marketing and sales responsibilities for growing Gandalf s export markets. During early development of mobile data solutions, Mr. Chan was recruited to Motorola Inc., to lead the product marketing and development of the industry s first mobile data solutions for public safety, taxi, utility, and field service markets. As Motorola s Managing Director, Mr Chan lead the expansion of HFC broadband voice and data networks throughout the Asia Pacific region growing to 400M in annual revenues during the first three years of business formation. Along with founding members of the cable modem industry, Mr. Chan joined Airvana Inc., to lead business development for the early adoption of broadband wireless networks, leading to the industry s first deployment of CDMA-based wireless broadband networks in North America. Most recently, Mr. Chan led worldwide sales and marketing of fleet management services for WebTech Wireless Inc., contributing five years of record growth and industry leadership across government and transportation markets. Mr. Chan has served on the Executive Review Board of Royal Roads University and continues to mentor and support early stage technology companies. Mark Wells, Director Mr. Wells is presently the President and CEO of Positioning Universal. During his 25 years of experience in the wireless industry, he has pioneered the development and marketing of wireless products, semiconductor technology, and leading edge wireless services. Mr. Wells co-founded DriveOK, which merged with Procon and eventually became Spireon where he led the company during its growth period in becoming the industry leader of GPS vehicle tracking technologies. Prior to Procon, Mr. Wells was the co-founder and CEO of Zucotto Wireless, where he raised 60M in venture capital to develop wireless semiconductor technologies and secured customers that included Panasonic, Nokia, and Alcatel. Mr. Wells has also held marketing roles with Nokia Mobile Phones where he managed a 10B revenue value of mobile phone products, and later served as Vice President General Manager at DSP Communications which was eventually sold to Intel for 1.6B. Most recently, Mr. Wells has co-founded and mentored several dozen early-stage technology companies and served as a consultant to Fortune 500 companies. Abel Sierra, Chief Operating Officer Director Mr. Sierra has served as President of the Antelope Valley Hispanic Chamber of Commerce (AVHCC) - the first President elected to a second term in the organization s 20 year history. AVHCC s mission is to provide Hispanic entrepreneurship, community growth, and development, by supporting economic programs designed to strengthen and expand the potential of all business. Prior and concurrent to Mr. Sierra s role with AVHCC was his position as Agency Vice President of HBW Insurance and Financial Services. Mr. Sierra served as an Independent Associate with Legal Shield, Regional Vice President for Primerica Financial Services, marketing Representative for 21 st Century/AIG direct, community Representative for Palmdale School District and Palmdale Head Start. Mr. Sierra also served 14 years as a Counter Intelligence Specialist with the United States Marine Corps. 35 Table of Contents Code of Ethics The Company has not yet adopted a complete code of ethics policy as defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K, however the company has adopted a disclosure policy that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, as part of a program to establish a comprehensive code of ethics. The Company s disclosure policy is available on its website www.igennetworks.net Audit Committee and Financial Expert The Company does not have an audit committee. The functions of an audit committee are done by the board of directors as a whole, as specified in section 3(a)(58)(B) of the Exchange Act. As such, the Company has no audit committee financial expert serving on an audit committee. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Summary Compensation Table Name and principal position Year Salary )(1) Stock awards ) Option awards )(2) Total ) Neil G. Chan CEO Director 2022 142,000 9,000 0 149,000 Neil G. Chan CEO Director 2021 142,000 0 0 142,000 Abel I. Sierra COO 2022 121,000 9,000 0 130,000 Abel I. Sierra COO 2021 121,000 0 25,000 146,000 _____________ (1) Salary for services as an executive officer. No compensation for services as a director (2) Valuation of Stock and Option awards are based on the issuance details listed in Note 11 to the Company s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-end Name Number of securities underlying unexercised options Number of securities underlying unexercised options Option exercise price Option expiration date (#) (#) ) exercisable un-exercisable Neil Chan, CEO 1,000,000 0 0.04 15-May-24 Abel Sierra, COO 500,000 0 0.04 15-May-24 The Company currently has no unearned or unvested stock awards, or equity incentive plan awards of either options or stock. Director Compensation 1 Name and principal position Year Salary ) Stock awards ) Option awards ) Total ) Robert Nealon 2022 0 9,000 0 9,000 Neil G. Chan 2022 0 9,000 0 9,000 Abel Sierra 2022 0 9,000 0 9,000 Mark Wells 2022 0 9,000 0 9,000 1 Provides information on Directors not serving as executive officers only. Compensation for directors also servicing as executive officers is listed in the summary compensation table at the beginning of this Item. 36 Table of Contents Discussion of Executive and Director Compensation Compensation of Directors Directors received no cash compensation in 2022 but each received 5,000,000 shares of common stock.. Compensation of Executives The CEO, Neil Chan who is also a director of the Company earned a salary of 142,000 in 2022, same as 2021. In 2019, Mr. Chan was granted another 1,000,000 stock options, resulting in a total of 1,000,000 options as of December 31, 2022. Mr. Abel Sierra, COO, is paid 121,000 per annum. Mr. Sierra was granted 500,000 stock options during 2019. Mr. Sierra has a total of 500,000 stock options unexercised as of December 31, 2022. There are currently no long term incentive plans or pension plans for directors or officers of the Company. The Company does provide indemnity insurance coverage for directors and officers of the Company. Presently assessing alternative coverage. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The Company has no compensation committee. The board of directors as a whole acts in the capacity of a compensation committee. All executive officers of the Company are also directors of the Company and as such were and are able to vote on matters of compensation. Though the Company is not legally obligated to establish a compensation committee, we may do so when deemed advisable by the board. Compensation Committee Report As a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to report the Compensation Discussion and Analysis required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K, and as such there was no review or recommendation as to its inclusion in this report. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following tables list information that is accurate as of December 31, 2022. Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans The following details securities authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022. Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (a) (a) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,500,000 0.04 6,515,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 0 N/A 0 Total 1,500,000 0.04 6,515,000 37 Table of Contents Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The table below sets forth information regarding the ownership of our common stock, as of December 31, 2022 unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, by (i) all persons known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock, (ii) each of our current directors and director nominees, (iii) our principal executive officer and our other executive officers who were serving as such at the end of Fiscal 2022 (each, a named executive officer ), and (iv) all of our directors, director nominees and executive officers as a group. We know of no agreements among our stockholders that relate to voting or investment power over our common stock or any arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of us. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with applicable SEC rules and generally reflects sole or shared voting or investment power over securities. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that the person has the right to acquire as of or within 60 days after December 31, 2022, upon the exercise of outstanding stock options or warrants, the conversion of outstanding convertible notes, or the exercise or conversion of any other derivative securities affording the person the right to acquire shares of our common stock. As a result, each person s percentage ownership set forth in the table below is determined by assuming that all outstanding stock options, warrants or other derivative securities held by such person that are exercisable or convertible as of or within 60 days after December 31, 2022 have been exercised or converted. Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to the table, we believe that each person identified in the table below possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by such person. All ownership percentages in the table are based on 2,007,815,097 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023. Shares Beneficially Owned Name and Address of Beneficial Owner: Number Percent 5 Stockholders: Directors and Executive Officers: Neil Chan(2) 55,120,008 2.7 Abel Sierra(3) 20,408,170 1.0 Robert Nealon(4) 8,316,667 Mark Wells 5,960,785 All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons) 89,805,630 4.5 _________ Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . (1) not used (2) Represents 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that are or will be vested and exercisable within 60 days after December 31, 2022, and 54,120,008 outstanding shares of Common Stock. (3) Represents 500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that are or will be vested and exercisable within 60 days after December 31, 2022, and 19,758,170 outstanding shares of Common Stock. (4) Not used (5) Not used 38 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Transactions with related persons, promoters and certain control persons (a) During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred approximately 145,000 and 147,000, respectively, in management and consulting fees with an officer and an entity controlled by him. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed approximately 5,000 and 9,000, respectively, to directors and officers and a company controlled by a director, which is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The amounts owed are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. (b) During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued 0 and 4,608,173 shares of common stock for the conversion of 0 and 24,729, respectively of accrued expenses owed to the CEO and COO. (c) During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded approximately 0 and 8,000, respectively to the CEO and COO for rent and other office expenses. Director Independence In the USA, the Company s common stock is listed on the OTC Link OTC Pink inter-dealer quotation system, and in Canada on the CSE, neither of which have director independence requirements. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. Audit Fees Aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by the Company s principal accountant for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, review of financial statements in quarterly filings, or services associated with statutory and regulatory filings for the last two fiscal years are as follows: 2021: 68,000 2022: 56,000 Audit Related Fees Aggregate fees billed in the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the Company s principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements and are not reported above are as follows: 2021: 0 2022: 0 Tax Fees Aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the Company s principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning are as follows: 2021: 0 2022: 0 All Other Fees Aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above, are as follows: 2021: 0 2022: 0 Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures The Company does not at this time have an audit committee and no formal pre-approval policies or procedures have yet been implemented. The board of directors acting in lieu of an audit committee is required to pre-approve the engagement of the Company s principle accountant for non-auditing services. 39 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (1) Financial statements: - Audited Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2) Financial statement schedules - none (3) Exhibits Exhibit Index 3(i) Articles of Incorporation and amendments 3(ii) Bylaws 21 Subsidiary Information 31.1 Certification Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15d-14(a) - CEO 31.2 Certification Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15d-14(a) - COO 32.1 Certification Section 1350 - CEO 32.2 Certification Section 1350 COO 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 40 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. IGEN Networks Corp April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Neil Chan Neil Chan, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 41 

<EX-21>
 2
 igen_ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARY INFORMATION
 
 igen_ex21.htm EXHIBIT 21 IGEN Networks Corp Subsidiary Information IGEN Networks Corporation has a one wholly-owned California subsidiary: Name: Nimbo Tracking LLC Address: 31772 Casino Drive, Suite C. Lake Elsinore, CA 92530 Formation Number: 201732410071 Date of Formation: November 13, 2017 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 igen_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 igen_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of CEO I, Neil Chan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of IGEN Networks; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. April 17, 2023 /s/ Neil Chan Neil Chan Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 igen_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 igen_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350) I, Neil Chan, certify that pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), the 10-K report for IGEN Networks for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act and that the information contained therein fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the IGEN Networks. April 17, 2023 /s/ Neil Chan Neil Chan, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 igen-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 igen-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 igen-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 igen-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

