<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1844419_0001213900-23-026466.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4889509</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>258210</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>950748</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1015982</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1373328</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1180293</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-026466.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403182124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-026466
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Maquia Capital Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001844419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				854283150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40380
		FILM NUMBER:		23794295

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MAQUIA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		50 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD, SUITE 2406
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3056081395

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MAQUIA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION
		STREET 2:		50 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD, SUITE 2406
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33132

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-026466.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_maquiacapital.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding
shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant,
computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was
 . 

As of April 3, 2023, there were shares
of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 22 

PART II 
 23 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 24 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 27 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 27 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 27 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 27 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 28 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 28 

PART III 
 29 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 29 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 33 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 33 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 35 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 37 

PART IV 
 38 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 38 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 38 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report (as defined below),
including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, 
 plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, 
or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that
actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating
to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current
or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due
to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

Unless otherwise stated in
this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated certificate of incorporation are to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation in effect upon completion of our initial public offering (as defined below), as amended and corrected; 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

board of directors, board or directors 
are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

ii 

Class A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period are to the 24-month period, from the closing of the initial public offering to May 7, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) as extended by the Extension Amendment (as defined below), unless further extended pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

Contribution are to the loan the sponsor gave us of an aggregate of 0.045 for each public share that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment for each calendar month (commencing on November 7, 2022 and on the 7 th day of each subsequent month) until May 7, 2023 that is needed to complete an initial business combination; 

common stock are to the Class A common stock and the Class B common stock; 

Company, our Company, we or us are to Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension Amendment are to the amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation adopted at the Special Meeting (as defined below) to extend the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from November 7, 2022 to May 7, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by our board of directors; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FINRA are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

First Extension Note are to the promissory note issued on May 3, 2022, and as amended on August 4, 2022, to our sponsor in the principal amount of up to 3,461,944 in connection with the Initial Extensions (as defined below); 

founder shares are to the (i) representatives shares (as defined below) and (ii) the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor (as defined below) in the private placement (as defined below) and the shares of Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below)); 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

Initial Extensions are to the extensions of the period of time to consummate a business combination from (i) May 7, 2022 to August 7, 2022 and (i) August 7, 2022 to November 7, 2022, pursuant to the right to extensions up to two times, each by an additional three months, without submitting such proposed extensions to our stockholders for approval or offering our public stockholders redemption rights in connection therewith under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation; 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on May 7, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares (including the holders of the representative shares) prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Marcum are to , our independent registered public accounting firm; 

iii 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

placement units are to the units (as defined below) issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

placement warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the placement units (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or purchased in the open market); 

private placement are to the private placement of units that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

public shares are to the shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or purchased in the open market); 

Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on February 16, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on May 4, 2021 (File No. 333-253167); 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

representative are to EF Hutton, (formerly Kingswood Capital Markets), division of Benchmark Investments, Inc., the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering; 

representative shares are to the 160,000 shares of our Class B common stock issued and up to 13,098 shares of our Class B common stock issued upon the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option to the representative and its designees in connection with our initial public offering; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Second Extension Note are to the promissory note issued to our sponsor in the principal amount of up to 955,748 in connection with the Contribution; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

Special Meeting are to the special meeting in lieu of the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company that was held on November 4, 2022; 

sponsor are to Maquia Investments North America, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 162,400,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and placement units was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

underwriters are to the underwriters of our initial public offering, for which the representative acted as representative; 

units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-half of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants and any warrants sold as part of the placement units issued upon conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial holders or their permitted transferees; and 

Working Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 

iv 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in December 2020 as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting our initial business combination. 

While we may pursue an initial
business combination opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we have focused and will continue to focus
on technology-focused middle market and emerging growth companies operating in North America with total enterprise values from 200 million
to 1 billion in industries that benefit from continuously evolving technology and the resulting shift in consumer and business purchase
behavior, including Marketplace Platforms, Financial Technology Fintech Financial Services or Software
as a Service SaaS Technology. 

Initial Public Offering 

On May 7, 2021, we consummated
our initial public offering of 16,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock, and one-half of one redeemable
warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were
sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 160,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 551,000 placement units to our sponsor at a purchase
price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 5,510,000. 

A total of 162,400,000, comprised
of 158,113,471 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 4,286,529 of the proceeds of the sale of the placement units was
placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

On May 10, 2021, the underwriters
exercised their over-allotment option in part, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the additional 1,309,719 units (the over-allotment
units occurred on May 12, 2021, generating gross proceeds of 13,097,190. In connection with the closing of the purchase of the
over-allotment units, the Company sold an additional 32,743 placement units to the sponsor at a price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating
an additional 327,430 of gross proceeds. 

It is the job of our sponsor
and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Jeff Ransdell, our Chief Executive Officer,
Guillermo Eduardo Cruz our Chief Operating Officer, Maggie Vo, our Chief Investment Officer and Jeronimo Peralta, our Chief Financial
Officer. We must complete our initial business combination during the Combination Period, which ends May 7, 2023, 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering. If our initial business combination is not consummated during the Combination Period, then our existence
will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

Business Strategy 

While we may pursue an initial
business combination target in any industry or geographic location, we have focused and will continue to focus our search on middle market
and emerging growth technology-focused companies in North America in industries that benefit from continuously evolving technology and
the resulting shift in consumer and business purchase behavior. Most of these companies will ultimately need to consolidate to achieve
the scale necessary to attain high revenue growth and attractive profitability. We believe that acquiring a leading high-growth technology
company will provide a platform to fund consolidation and fuel growth for our company. Segments we are exploring and might continue to
explore include, but are not limited to, technology enabled medical devices, horizontal and vertical SaaS, SaaS business-to-business,
agriculture technology, genomics, peer-to-peer lending, insurance and payments. There is no restriction in the geographic location of
targets we can pursue, although we intend to initially prioritize North America as the geographical focus. 

1 

We believe that there is a
large pool of quality initial business combination targets looking for exit opportunities with an increasing number of private equity PE and venture capital VC activities in the Americas, which provides us opportunities given what we believe
are the limited exit options for mid-market companies in the region. Also, we believe that the technology and tech enabled industries
in the Americas represent a particularly attractive deal sourcing environment that will allow us to leverage our team s skill sets
and experience to identify an initial business combination which can potentially serve as a strong platform for future add-on acquisitions.
Our investment thesis is supported by what we believe are the following trends in our target sectors: 

The Development of PE and VC Activities in the Americas: The total assets under management of North America-focused PE and VC funds reached in excess of 2.1 trillion in the first half of 2020 according to McKinsey Global Private Markets Review. The growth of PE and VC investments in the Americas is driving demand for exits the portfolio companies (meaning opportunities for PE and VC firms to monetize their investments in their portfolio companies). 

Strong Performance in the Tech and Software Industries: According to CompTIA, tech services and software account for nearly half of spending in the U.S. technology market, which represents a significantly higher rate than the rate in many other global regions. While emerging technologies currently account for only 19 of the overall global revenue, they are expected to drive nearly half of the growth in new revenue. 

Operator-Led SPACs outperform their Sectors: According to Wolfe Research, SPACs that are led by executives with past C-Suite experience tend to outperform other SPACs (by about 42 and their industry peers (by about minus 20 12 months after the consummation of their respective initial public offering. 

Competitive Advantages 

We intend to capitalize on
the following competitive advantages in our pursuit of a target company: 

Leadership of an Experienced Management Team . Our experienced management team has over 40 years of combined work experience as investment professionals in a variety of industries, such as technology and financial institutions. These years of experience have allowed us to gain not only extensive and deep expertise in our fields, but also vast networks of some of the most influential thought leaders and top performing companies in our target industries and region. This positions us as a unique and strategic player, and as an attractive alternative for the many companies in Mexico, the U.S., Canada and the rest of North America that seek to tap the equity capital markets, ensuring that we find the most attractive opportunities that maximize value to our stockholders. 

Established Deal Sourcing Network. We believe the strong track record of our management team enables us to get access to quality deal pipelines. In addition, we believe that we, through our management team and advisors, have contacts and sources from which to generate acquisition opportunities and possibly seek complementary follow-on business arrangements. These contacts and sources include those in government, private and public companies, private equity and venture capital funds, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants. 

Status as a Publicly Listed Acquisition Company . We believe our structure as a public company makes us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering process. We believe that some target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution, than the traditional initial public offering process. During an initial public offering, there are typically underwriting fees and marketing expenses, which would cost more than a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our stockholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe our target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a target company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs. 

2 

Targeting of Fastest Growing Industries. The main industries we are targeting are: SaaS Technology, Financial Services Fintech and Marketplace Platforms. This is not just a function of our expertise in these fields, but also a consequence of these currently being some of the fastest growing industries in the economy, with SaaS expected to grow at approximately 11 compound annual growth rate CAGR for the next two years; Fintech, approximately 9 CAGR expected over the next two years; and Marketplaces, approximately 32 CAGR through 2024. 

Industry Opportunity 

While we may acquire a business
in any industry, our focus has been and will continue to be in the Marketplace Platforms, Fintech Financial Services
or SaaS Technology. We believe that our target industries are attractive for a number of reasons: 

We believe we are currently
in the midst of a secular shift in the SaaS subsegment of the technology industry, which is driving rapid growth in both annual spending
and the number of actionable acquisition targets requiring a public market solution. This is driven in part by large corporations, which
are constantly upgrading legacy technology and expanding their SaaS toolkits. We believe another major driver is new corporations which
heavily rely on SaaS solutions given their cost-efficiency and scalability. Specifically, we see great opportunity in private technology
companies. We believe that private technology companies are fundamentally changing the world at an unprecedented pace by establishing
new markets, creating new experiences and disrupting legacy industries. Key technological advances and practices, such as cloud computing,
data analytics and intelligence platforms, open-source software development, developer-focused software tools, and software-defined networking,
storage and computing, are allowing technology companies to rapidly effect change in every major sector of the global economy. Agile private
technology companies have embraced these advances and practices to create business models and address market needs that will enable them
to reach significant financial scale and create shareholder value. 

The number of technology company
initial public offerings has diminished over time. An average of 160 technology companies went public each year during the 1990s, according
to ongoing research performed by Professor Jay Ritter at the University of Florida. Since 2010, however, that yearly average of technology
companies consummating initial public offerings decreased significantly to an average of 44 per year, a 73 drop. That smaller initial
public offering market has also been predominantly focused on so-called unicorn companies (meaning start-up with valuations
of over 1 billion, typically VC-backed companies and often focused on technology). The median market capitalization of technology companies
that consummated initial public offerings was about 482 million in 2010; in 2020 it was roughly 1 billion. We believe this means that
very promising, but non-unicorn companies (such as those we will likely target for our initial business combination) are in many instances
missing out on the ability to do an initial public offering. 

Our management team believes
that these factors present an intriguing paradox: a growing number of new companies have attracted more private capital. Yet once they
flourish, they have a narrower exit route. In addition, that exit route is often reserved for larger companies, which leads to a substantial
disadvantage for smaller private technology companies. 

Ultimately, we believe this
same paradox creates a long-term opportunity for stockholder return via an initial business combination with a smaller, high-performing
private technology company or companies. Additionally, it provides a persuasive argument for such companies to partner with us, as we
believe they have fewer exit options than presently exist for unicorns. 

Acquisition Criteria 

Consistent with our strategy,
we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses.
We have used and will continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, although we may decide to
enter into our initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. 

Target Size : We target businesses of total enterprise value from 200 million to 1 billion in North American companies in the SaaS Tech, Fintech Financial Services and Marketplace Platforms industries. 

Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential . We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

3 

Potential for Strong Free Cash Flow Generation . We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential to generate strong, stable and increasing free cash flow. We are focused on one or more businesses that have predictable, recurring revenue streams and definable low working capital and capital expenditure requirements. We may also seek to prudently leverage this cash flow in order to enhance shareholder value. 

Strong and
 Experienced Management . We seek companies that have strong, experienced management teams in place, or are a platform to
 assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving growth and profitability. We have spent and will continue to
 spend significant time assessing a company s leadership and human fabric, and maximizing its efficiency over time. 

Benefit from Being a Public Company . We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

Defensible Market Position. We intend to acquire one or more businesses that have a defensible market position, with demonstrated advantages when compared to their competitors and which create barriers to entry against new competitors. 

These criteria are not exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time our management may deem relevant. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets
held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make
the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we
consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to
Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

We will have until 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, or until May 7, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. On November 4, 2022,
at the Special Meeting, our stockholders approved the Extension Amendment by which we amended our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation to extend the end of the Combination Period from November 7, 2022 to May 7, 2023. In connection with the approval of the
Extension Amendment, our sponsor agreed to contribute to us the Contribution, with each such Contribution to be deposited into the trust
account within five business days from the beginning of such calendar month (or portion thereof). Based on the outstanding 3,539,809 public
shares following the redemption of 13,769,910 public shares in connection with the Special Meeting, each monthly Contribution will be
 159,291. On November 14, 2022, we issued the Second Extension Note, a promissory note in the principal amount of up to 955,748 to the
sponsor. As of April 3, 2023, an aggregate of 796,457 had been deposited into the trust account to support the first five months of
the extension through April 7, 2023. 

Prior to the date of the Special
Meeting and the adoption of the Extension Amendment, we were required to complete our initial business combination by May 7, 2022, subject
to the right to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by an additional three months, without
submitting such proposed extensions to our stockholders for approval or offering our public stockholders redemption rights in connection
therewith. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between
us and Continental, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates
or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, were required to deposit into the trust account 1,789,347, 0.10 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three-month extension (or up to an aggregate of 3,578,694,
or 0.20 per share if we were to extend for the full six months). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan, with any such
loans being non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business
combination, we will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with our initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant
to which our sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the trust account in the event
that we do not complete a business combination. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account
to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of the loans made by our sponsor, our officers
and directors, or our or their affiliates to us prior to or in connection with our initial business combination (including loans made
to extend our time period for consummating a business combination) may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the
option of the lender. 

4 

On May 4, 2022, we issued
a press release announcing that the sponsor had requested that we extend the deadline for consummating a business combination from May
7, 2022 to August 7, 2022 and that the sponsor had notified us that it intended to deposit an aggregate of 1,730,972 into the trust account
on or before May 7, 2022. On May 3, 2022, the Company issued the First Extension Note, a promissory note in the principal amount of 1,730,972
to the sponsor in connection with Initial Extensions. On August 4, 2022, the First Extension Note was amended and restated solely to increase
the principal amount thereunder to 3,461,944 in connection with the further extension of the deadline for consummating a business combination
from August 7, 2022 to November 7, 2022. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but
we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a
transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other
equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that
is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If the business combination involves more
than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will
treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval,
as applicable. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management endeavors and will continue to endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information
which will be made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Sourcing of Potential Initial Business Combination Targets 

Certain members of our management
team have spent significant portions of their careers working with businesses in the technology industry and have developed a wide network
of professional services contacts and business relationships in that industry. The members of our board of directors also have significant
executive management and public company experience with technology related companies and bring additional relationships that further broaden
our industry network. 

5 

This network has provided
our management team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of contacts and
relationships of our management team provides us with an important source of acquisition opportunities. In addition, target business candidates
are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment
banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. 

Members of our management
team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or placement units and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

In addition, each of our officers
and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. We do
not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability
to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, our sponsor and
our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business
or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential
conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure as
a public company makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business
an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial
business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further
benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination
transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our
shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock
and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and
cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process
takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses
in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not
be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed
initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering
is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay
or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe
the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with
stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further
benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our
structure and our management team s backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view
our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed
initial business combination, negatively. 

We are an
 emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As
such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

6 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We are taking and intend to continue to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
our initial public offering (May 7, 2026), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) 
in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than
 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the prior June 30 th . 

Financial Position 

With funds available for
an initial business combination in the amount of 37,570,177 as of December 31, 2022, after payment of 5,192,916 of deferred underwriting
fees and before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination (other than deferred underwriting fees), we offer
a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth
and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete
our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs
and desires. However, there can be no assurance that third party financing will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We will effectuate our initial business
combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale
of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation
of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners
of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent
in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise
additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to
complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to
complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial
business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents
disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or
stock exchange requirements, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise
funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any
arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or
otherwise. 

7 

We have not engaged or retained
any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures,
directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business. However, we may contact any targets if we become aware that such targets
are interested in a potential initial business combination with us and such transaction would be attractive to our stockholders. Although
our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this
assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside
of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Target business candidates
have been and may continue to be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment
professionals, as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources have also introduced and may continue to introduce
us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the
prospectus in connection with our initial public offering or this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers
and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become
aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending
trade shows or conventions. In addition, we have received and expect to continue to receive a number of deal flow opportunities that would
not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and
their affiliates. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which
event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may
bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential
transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion
of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor
or any of our existing officers or directors be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment
of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order
to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor,
executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees
or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination except
as set forth herein. We entered into an administrative support agreement with ARC Group Ltd., our financial advisor, pursuant to which
we agreed to pay up to total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. However, since
our initial public offering, no services have been provided, and we have not made any payments under such administrative support agreement.
Instead we reimburse our affiliates for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business
combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following
our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection
process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or
directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated
with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he
or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

8 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination 

Nasdaq rules require
that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets
held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation
based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we
consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our
initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target
or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management
virtually has unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we are not be
permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In any case, we will only
complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses,
the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account
for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management endeavors and will continue to endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective
business target, we conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management
and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and
other information that are made available to us. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of
time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing
our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

9 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we closely scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that
business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may
not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our
management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of
the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business
combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure
you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge
or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required
by applicable law or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other
legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and
whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Whether 
 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 
 Type of Transaction 
 Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding (other than in a public offering); 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

10 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares
or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may
purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they
engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not
disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that
such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such
purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements.
None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion
of our initial business combination. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement
would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants
may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain
the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business
combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made
to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation
under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must
be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act.
We expect that any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two
business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.53 per public share. The per-share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

11 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of
our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange
listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while
direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock
or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial
business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to
seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we
choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq,
we are required to comply with such rules. 

If stockholder approval of
the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or
other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock present and entitled to
vote at the meeting to approve the initial business combination when a quorum is present are voted in favor of the initial business combination.
A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company
representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting.
Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares acquired during or after our initial public
offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of
seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our
initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result of the redemption of 13,769,910 public shares in connection with the
Special Meeting, our sponsor presently holds a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock and we would therefore not need
any of the remaining 3,539,809 outstanding public shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our
initial business combination approved, unless otherwise required under applicable law. We will give approximately 30 days (but not
less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken
to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders,
make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If a stockholder vote is not
required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

12 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase
shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with
Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, we will not redeem any public shares unless our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior
to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we
are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be
contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered
to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we may not redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that
we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may
be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may
require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to
the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial
business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the
holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business
Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an
aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering (the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable
to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to
force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without
our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability
to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires
as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights 

We may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial
business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option.
The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate
whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to
two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights.
Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming
holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery
must be effectuated. 

13 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many special purpose acquisition companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their
business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business
combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would
contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder
then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor
the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares
in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to
which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving
past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical
or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial
business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share
delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not
to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial
business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until
the end of the Combination Period. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business
Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until May 7, 2023, to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such allotted time period, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
by the end of the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares in or after our initial public
offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination by the end of the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares unless our net
tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after
payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If
this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible
asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

14 

If we do not consummate our
initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 67,022
of proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2022), although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds
for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations
we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution,
to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release
to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account,
and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.53. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the
claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.53. Under Section 281(b) of the
DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full,
as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining
assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay
or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we seek to have all
vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders,
there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from
bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other
similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect
to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will
only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement
would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that
refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable
to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters
of our initial public offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.15 per share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have
we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective
target businesses. 

15 

In the event that the
proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent
directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we
currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the
amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those
obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price
will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We have sought and will continue
to seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. As of the closing of our initial public offering, we had access to up to approximately 475,500 from the proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses
incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). As of December 31, 2022,
the amount held outside the trust account to use for these purposes was 67,022. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be
liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period may be considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that
it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any
liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

Furthermore, if the pro rata
portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law
and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring
or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for
claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our
remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above
to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it
is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the end of the Combination Period and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of
distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such
date. 

16 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that
will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent
10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to
searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that
any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the
extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such
lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in
value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to
the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to
return 10.53 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy
court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of
punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you
that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of
our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by the end of the Combination Period , subject to applicable law.
In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial business combination
alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such
stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by
our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of
a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights
may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they
potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We currently have four officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they
deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

17 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A common
stock, and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and as a result, we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that
we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports,
including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared
in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets
we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in
accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the
proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

We are required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be
required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have filed a Registration
Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result,
we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15
to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible
to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
 emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We are taking and intend to continue to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering (May 7, 2026), (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are
held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more
than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company 
will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a
 smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited
financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal
quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of
our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of
material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

if the funds held outside of our trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least the end of the Combination Period, our ability to fund our search for a target business or businesses or complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected; 

we may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time; 

you may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

19 

we may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

since our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination; 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.56 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.56 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time, instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

20 

we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption; 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, since we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating if we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period; and 

we have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and operating results . 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating
account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing
accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about
any events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced
that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have
any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns
regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest
rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby
making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or
at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our
prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional
risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly
from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

21 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in (i) our Registration Statement, (ii) Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 25 , 2022 ,
(iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with
the SEC on May 10, 2022, August 16, 2022 and November 10, 2022, respectively and (iv) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed
with the SEC on October 14, 2022. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination.
We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 50 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 2406 Miami, FL 33132 and our telephone number is (305) 608-1395. Our executive offices are provided
to us at no charge. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols MAQCU, MAQC, and MAQCW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on
May 5, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on June 7, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On April 3, 2023, there were
two holders of record of our units, one holder of record of shares of our Class A common stock, and one holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering 

For
a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on June 17, 2021. There has been no material
change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement.
Our specific investments in our trust account may change from time to time. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities
by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On November 4, 2022, we held
the Special Meeting and approved, among other things, the Extension Amendment, which extended the date by which we must consummate a business
combination from November 7, 2022 (which was 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering) to May 7, 2023 (or such earlier
date as determined by the board). In connection with the Extension Amendment, stockholders holding 13,769,910 public shares exercised
their right to redeem such shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account. We paid cash in the aggregate amount of 143.5 million,
or approximately 10.42 per share, to redeeming stockholders in the extension redemptions. 

23 

The following table contains
monthly information about the repurchases of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 (a) Total number of shares (or units) purchased 
 (b) Average price paid per share (or unit) 
 (c) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 (d) Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 
 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 

November 1 November 30, 2022 
 13,769,910 
 10.42 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Results of Operations 

We have not generated any
revenues to date, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination.
Our entire activity up to December 31, 2022 was related to our formation, our initial public offering and, since the closing of our initial
public offering, a search for an initial business combination target. We have, and expect to continue to generate, non-operating income
in the form of interest income and unrealized gains on investments held in the trust account. We expect to continue to incur increased
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses in connection with the search for an initial business combination target. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 7,193,270,
which consisted of change in fair value of the derivative liabilities of 6,600,605 and unrealized gains on investment held in trust account
of 1,942,709, partially offset by general and administrative expenses of 1,012,437 and income tax expense of 337,607. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had net income of 6,382,877, which consisted of change in fair value of the derivative liabilities of 7,320,644 and unrealized
gains on investment held in trust account of 25,391, partially offset by offering costs allocated to warrants totaling 494,344 and general
and administrative expenses of 468,814. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

Prior to the consummation
of our initial public offering, our only source of liquidity was the initial sale of the Founder Shares to our Sponsor and advances under
the promissory note with our sponsor. 

Pursuant to our initial public
offering, which was consummated in May 2021, we sold 17,309,719 units, which includes the underwriters over-allotment, at a purchase
price of 10.00 per unit generating gross proceeds to us in the amount of 173.1 million. Each unit consists of one share of our Class A
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one public warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder
thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 583,743 placement units, which includes the underwriters 
over-allotment, to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per placement unit, generating gross proceeds to us in the amount of 5,837,430. 

24 

A portion of the proceeds
from the placement units was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account. If we do not complete an
initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the placement units held in the trust
account will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the placement units
will be worthless. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December
31, 2022, we had 67,022 in cash, and a working capital deficiency of 1,893,426. 

We presently have no operating
revenue. Through December 31, 2022, our liquidity needs were satisfied through receipt of 475,500 held outside of the trust account
from the sale of the placement warrants upon the closing of our initial public offering . In the future, a portion of interest
income on the funds held in the trust account may be released to us to pay tax obligations. 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor, or our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required. Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory
notes. The notes would either be repaid upon consummation of an initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s
discretion, up to 1,500,000 of notes and any other loans made by our sponsor or its affiliates (including the loans made to effectuate
extensions as described below), our officers and directors, or our company and its affiliates prior to or in connection with an initial
business combination may be converted upon consummation of an initial business combination into additional placement units at a price
of 10.00 per placement unit. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held
outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

We may also need to obtain
additional financing either to complete a business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of shares
of our Class A common stock upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur
debt in connection with the business combination. 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, 
we have until May 7, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate an initial
business combination by this time. If an initial business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Additionally, we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our working capital needs through
one year from the issuance of the financial statements included elsewhere in this Report. Management has determined that the liquidity
condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities
should we be required to liquidate after May 7, 2023. 

There is no assurance that
our plans to consummate an initial business combination will be successful by May 7, 2023. The financial statements and the notes thereto
included elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We have identified the following
as our critical accounting policies: 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of the financial
statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
in accordance with the guidance enumerated in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Shares of the common
stock subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
shares of the common stock (including shares of the common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of
the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the issuer s control) are classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of the common stock are classified as stockholders equity. The Class A common stock
features certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the shares of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in
the amount of 37,247,257 and 175,693,636 are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders (deficit) equity section
of our balance sheets. 

25 

Net income per share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income per share of common stock is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. We apply the two-class method in calculating
income per share of common stock. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of Class A common stock is excluded from income per
common share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

The calculation of diluted
income per share of common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) initial public offering,
and (ii) the private placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The warrants are
exercisable to purchase 8,946,731 shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have
any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the
earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the periods
presented. 

Founder shares subject to
forfeiture are not included in weighted average shares outstanding until the forfeiture restrictions lapse. 

Financial Instruments 

We determine fair value based
on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When
considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable
and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels: 

Level 1 Inputs:
Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or instruments in active markets. 

Level 2 Inputs: Quoted prices for similar
instruments in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model derived
valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. 

Level 3 Inputs:
Significant inputs into the valuation model are unobservable. 

We do not have any recurring
Level 2 assets or liabilities, see Note 9 for recurring Level 3 liabilities. The carrying value of our financial instruments including
its cash and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values principally because of their short-term nature. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

We evaluate our financial
instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with
ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Our derivative instruments are recorded at fair value as
of the closing date of our initial public offering i.e. , May 7, 2021) and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the
fair value reported in the statements of operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the balance sheet as current
or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within twelve (12) months
of the balance sheet date. We have determined that the public warrants and the placement warrants are derivative instruments. As the public
warrants and the placement warrants meet the definition of a derivative, the public warrants and the placement warrants are measured at
fair value at issuance and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes
in fair value recognized in the statement of operations in the period of change. 

Warrant Instruments 

We account for the public
warrants and the placement warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering and the private placement, respectively, in
accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 whereby under that provision the public warrants and the placement warrants do not meet
the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classify the warrant instrument as a liability
at fair value and adjusts the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability will be re-measured at each balance sheet
date until the public warrants and the placement warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in
our statement of operations. The fair value of the public warrants and the placement warrants will be estimated using an internal valuation
model. Our valuation model utilizes inputs and other assumptions and may not be reflective of the price at which they can be settled.
Such warrant classification is also subject to re-evaluation at each reporting period. 

26 

Recently issued accounting pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU Topic 2020-06, Debt
 Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ),
which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 also
removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity-linked contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and
it simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. We early adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021. Adoption of
ASU 2020-06 did not impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

We do not believe that any recently other issued,
but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict
the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business
and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-21 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Report, due to the accounting for complex financial instruments. 

27 

In light of this material
weakness, management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded
and improved our review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing
access to accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications
and consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals The
elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. We believe our efforts will enhance our controls relating to accounting for complex financial transactions,
but we can offer no assurance that our controls will not require additional review and modification in the future as industry accounting
practice may evolve over time 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls
and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to
 the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable
 assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have
 a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness related to accounting for complex financial instruments. 

Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our
review process for complex securities and related accounting standards. We plan to further improve this process by enhancing access to
accounting literature, identification of third-party professionals with whom to consult regarding complex accounting applications and
consideration of additional staff with the requisite experience and training to supplement existing accounting professionals. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to
our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other than as discussed above, there have been
no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

28 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jeff Ransdell 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Guillermo Cruz 
 
 30 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Jeronimo Peralta 
 
 30 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Maggie Vo 
 
 36 
 
 Chief Investment Officer 
 
 Guillermo Cruz Reyes 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Luis Armando Alvarez 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Pedro Manuel Zorrilla Velasco 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine 
 
 57 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Jeff Ransdell, our
Chief Executive Officer since February 2021, is a venture capitalist building a portfolio of exponential technology companies at the
Coconut Grove based venture capital firm Fuel Venture Capital, which he founded in 2016 following a departure from the private wealth
management industry. Fuel Venture Capital currently manages a 200 million fund and has a portfolio of almost a dozen companies, such
as Bolt, AdMobilize, Taxfyle, and Eyrus. Mr. Ransdell approaches venture capital with a signature founder focused, investor
driven mindset, shaped by his experience as a top executive of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. As a managing director and market
executive of Bank of America Merrill Lynch, he managed more than 130 billion of global private client investment assets, a P L of
 2 billion, and over 2,000 employees across the bank s Southeast Wealth Management Division. He is regularly called upon to share
his insights on the global economy with outlets such as CNBC, CBS and American City Business Journals. Mr. Ransdell earned a bachelor s
degree from The University of North Dakota. 

Guillermo
Cruz, our Chief Operating Officer since January 2021. Mr. Cruz previously served as the Chief Operating Officer of
Benessere Capital Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:BENEU), a blank check company that is in the process of dissolving. In
October 2020, Mr. Cruz formed Maquia Capital, an agricultural private equity firm which manages investments in Mexico, the
United States, and Latin America. Since June 2010, Mr. Cruz has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a partner of
Asesores de Consejo y Alta Direccion S.C. and Board Solutions LLC ACAD Board Solutions ), the largest
corporate governance consulting firm in Latin America in revenue. While Mr. Cruz was at ACAD Board Solutions, under his
leadership, the firm s accumulated revenue increased by 150 and the firm s client base increased to 400 clients. Since
March 2017, Mr. Cruz has served on the board of directors of ACAD Board Solutions, where he serves on the
board s audit, compensation and governance committees. Mr. Cruz has also served as a member of the board of directors of
ACAD Board Solutions since June 2010, where he served on the company s audit, compensation and governance
committees. In March 2013, Mr. Cruz founded Governance Commitment Capital SAPI de CV, or GC Capital, a venture capital
firm partnering with startups in a variety of industries, and continues to act as the Managing Partner today. At GC Capital,
Mr. Cruz manages investments and participates as a member in the board of the directors of the startups, and also has served as
a member of GC Capital s board of directors since March 2013, and serves on the board s governance committee. Since
October 2020, Mr. Cruz has been a board member of Integradora Mexicana de Negocios GC SAPI de CV, where he serves on the
governance committee. Mr. Cruz holds a MS in Finance from Harvard University, a certificate in business administration from the
Yale School of Management, and a bachelor s degree from the University of Texas at Austin. 

Jeronimo
Peralta , our Chief Financial Officer since February 2021, has served as Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer for
Maquia Capital, a private equity firm specializing in the agriculture foods industry in Mexico, since October 2020. Since
March 2013, Mr. Peralta has served as the Investment Director of GC Capital, where he manages venture capital companies.
Mr. Peralta has served as a director of Integradora Mexicana de Negocios GC SAPI de CV since October 2020, and serves on
the board s governance committee. Since March 2013, Mr. Peralta has served on the board of GC Capital, where he also
serves on their board s governance committee. Mr. Peralta received his Bachelor s
degree in Corporate Finance from the Universidad Anahuac, and received his Master s degree in Business Administration from the
Ipade Business School. 

29 

Maggie Vo, CFA ,
our Chief Investment Officer since February 2021, has more than a decade s finance experience in the public markets, analyzing
and managing investments across a wide spectrum of asset classes, both traditional and alternative. Since January 2018, Ms. Vo
has served as General Partner and Chief Investment Officer of Fuel Venture Capital, Maggie spearheads due diligence processes that determine
prospective investments and capital deployment and steers valuation analyses of existing portfolio companies. She previously worked as
Portfolio Manager at Blue Shores Capital from November 2011 to December 2017, where she managed the boutique hedge fund s
flagship Global Long Short Equity strategy. Ms. Vo began her career in finance at Prudential Vietnam Fund Management and, later,
Prudential Property Investment Managers in Singapore. Maggie holds a B.S. in Financial Economics and Mathematics from Centre College. 

Luis Armando Alvarez, one
of our directors since May 2021, has been the President of MXC, a boutique investment banking firm, since April 2019, where he oversees
and manages the global operations of the bank. From January 2013 to April 2019, Mr. Alvarez served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Banco Actinver (BMV: ACTINVRB), Mexican Financial Institution, where he oversaw and managed the global operations of the bank.
Prior to that, July 2011 until December 2013, Mr. Alvarez was a Managing Director of Santander Bank, S.A. (NYSE: SAN),
a Spanish multinational financial services company, where he was involved in investment banking, advisory and capital raising services.
From January 2002 until June 2011, Mr. Alvarez worked at IXE Grupo Finaciero, where Mr. Alvarez was General Director
of Institutional Sales, Government and Federal entities, where his work focused on specializing investment banking, institutional sales,
derivatives and asset management. Mr. Alvarez earned a Degree in Accounting and a Masters in Finance both from Universidad de Valle
de Mexico. We believe that Mr. Alvarez is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive investment banking
and financial services experience. 

Guillermo Cruz R. ,
our director since May 2021, has served as the Chairman of Asesores de Consejo y Alta Direcci n and Board Solutions LLC ACAD 
Board Solutions ), Latin America s leading firm specialized in Corporate Governance and Family Business services since September of
2008. While at ACAD Board Solutions, Mr. Cruz has been in charge of providing corporate governance, internal audit, internal
control and risk management services to public and private firms. Prior to this, from March 1999 until September 2008, Mr. Cruz
was a senior Partner in Charge of Corporate Governance, Internal Audit and Risk Management Services at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Limited Deloitte ). Since March 2018, Mr. Cruz has served on the board of directors of Las Sevillanas, a milk
candy brand, where he operates as the President of the governance committee. Mr. Cruz received a Bachelor s Degree in Accounting
from Instituto Politecnico Nacional, received a certification in International Management from New York University, a Ph.D in Business
with a concentration in Corporate Governance Control from Universidad Anahuac, a Master s degree in Finance from the
Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico and a certification in Family Governance from the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr. Cruz is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his corporate governance,
audit, and accounting experience. 

Pedro Manuel Zorrilla
Velasco , one of our directors since May 2021, served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for the Housing 
Mortgage Development the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer for the Mexican Stock Exchange from June 2001 until
March 2018. Prior to that, From May 1995 until June 2001, Mr. Zorrilla was a Technical Director at the Mexican Banks
Association. Since May 2020, Mr. Zorrilla has served on the board of directors of four companies: Consorcio ARA (BMV: ARA),
a Mexico-based construction company, EXITUS Capital, a Mexican financial services company, Mexican Auto Dealers Association, a Mexican
car dealer organization, and Operadora Valmex de Fondos de Inversion, an authorized investment fund operator in Mexico. Mr. Zorrilla
holds his Bachelor s degree in Economics from Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico, and received his Master s degree
in Public Administration from Harvard University s John F. Kennedy s School of Government. We believe that Mr. Zorrilla
is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his banking, investment, and securities experience. 

Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine ,
one of our directors since May 2021, has served as the Director of the Center for Corporate Innovation and Entrepreneurship at Campus
Sante Fe, and as the Director of the Full Time MBA program at EGADE Business School since March 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Maquez
was a fund manager of Bricapital and Mexico Hotel Platform, two hospitality private equity funds, from 2013 to 2017. From 2004 to 2013,
Mr. Marquez was the Chief Executive Officer of the Mexican Private Equity Association. Mr. Maquez has been an independent board
member and the head of the Investment Committee of Hotels Mision, a Mexican-based hotel chain, Serfimex Capital, a Mexican financial
institution dedicated to business investment, and Exitus Credit, a Mexican financial services company providing credit solutions to consumers.
Mr. Marquez received his Bachelor s degree in Law from the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico and received his Master s
degree in Public Administration from Harvard University. We believe that Mr. Maquez is well qualified to serve on our board of directors
due to his extensive hospitality, business administration, and private equity experience. 

30 

Family Relationships 

Mr. Guillermo Eduardo
Cruz, our Chief Operating Officer, is the son of Guillermo Cruz Reyes, our director. There are no other family relationships among any
of our directors or executive officers that are required to be disclosed by Regulation S-K. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We currently have four directors.
Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we were not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Pedro Manuel Zorrilla Velasco and Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine
expired and Messrs. Zorrilla Velasco and Marquest-Heine were re-elected at the Special Meeting, which was held in lieu of an annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Guillermo Cruz Reyes and Luis Armando Alvarez, will
expire at the next annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board
of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that
our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer,
Chief Operating Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined
by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq
rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Luis Armando Alvarez, Pedro Manuel Zorrilla Velasco and Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine serve as members
of our audit committee, and Luis Armando Alvarez chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules,
we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Luis Armando Alvarez,
Pedro Manuel Zorrilla Velasco and Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine, meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and
under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Alvarez qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation,
 retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit
 and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing
 pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies
 for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required
 by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in
 compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered
 public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal
 quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
 within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues
and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered
public accounting firm s independence; 

31 

reviewing and approving
 any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to
 us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine and Luis Armando Alvarez serve as members of our compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent. Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine and Luis Armando Alvarez are independent and Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine chairs
the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is
 paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and
 approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving
 on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual
 basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering
 our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in
 complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites,
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and
 recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing
stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate
the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business
combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to
be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

32 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics
applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee
charters as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s
web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us.
We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our officers has received any cash compensation for services
rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any
payment of a loan, has been or will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors,
prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates.
Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit
committee review of such payments, we do not have or expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments
to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial
business combination. 

After the completion of our initial
business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the
combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not
established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination, because the directors
of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We have not taken do not intend
to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial
business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 3, 2023 based on information obtained from the
persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each
of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all
our executive officers and directors as a group. 

33 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 8,624,080 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 4,123,552 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 4,500,528
shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of April 3, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except as required
by law, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single class. Currently,
all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table
does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of
the date of this Report. 

Class A 
 Common Stock 
 Class B 
 Common Stock 
 Approximate 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Percentage 

Shares 
 Approximate 
 Shares 
 Approximate 
 of Outstanding 

Beneficially 
 Percentage 
 Beneficially 
 Percentage 
 Common 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 5 
 Owned 
 of Class 
 Owned 
 of Class 
 Stock 
 
 Maquia Investments North America, LLC (2) 
 583,743 
 14.16 
 4,257,430 
 94.60 
 56.14 
 
 Jeff Ransdell 

Jeronimo Peralta 

Guillermo Cruz (2) 
 583,743 
 14.16 
 4,257,430 
 94.60 
 56.14 
 
 Maggie Vo 

Guillermo Cruz Reyes 

Luis Armando Alvarez 

Pedro Manuel Zorrilla Velasco 

Luis Antonio Maquez-Heine 

All executive officers and directors as a group 
 (eight individuals) 
 583,743 
 14.16 
 4,257,430 
 94.60 
 56.14 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Boothbay Fund Management, LLC (3) 
 306,000 
 7.42 

3.55 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (4) 
 341,900 
 8.29 

3.96 
 
 ATW SPAC Management LLC (5) 
 306,000 
 7.42 

3.55 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (6) 
 600,000 
 14.55 

6.96 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (7) 
 497,938 
 12.08 

5.77 
 
 Yakira Capital Management, Inc. (8) 
 405,000 
 9.82 

4.70 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o 2901 Florida Avenue, Suite 840, Miami, FL 33133. 

(2) 
 Maquia Investments North
 America, LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Guillermo Cruz, is the director and stockholder
 of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Guillermo Cruz may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held
 of record by our sponsor. Guillermo Cruz disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest. 

(3) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, Boothbay Fund Management, LLC, Boothbay Absolute Return Strategies LP and Ari Glass (together,
 the reporting persons) acquired 306,000 shares of Class A common stock. The business address for the reporting persons is
 140 East 45 th Street, 14 th Floor, New York, New York 10017. 

(4) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed on February 14, 2023, Shaolin Capital Management LLC acquired 341,900 shares of Class A common stock. The business address
 for the reporting person is 230 NW 24 th Street, Suite 603, Miami, Florida 33127. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, ATW SPAC Management LLC, Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez and Kerry Propper acquired 306,000 shares of Class
 A common stock. The business address for the reporting persons is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, New York 10004. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed on February 13, 2023, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. acquired 600,000 shares of Class A common stock. The business
 address of the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, Ontario M5J 0E6. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed on January 10, 2023, Glazer Capital, LLC and Paul J. Glazer (together, the Reporting Persons have shared
 voting and dispositive power with respect to 497,938 shares of our Class A common stock. The business address of each of the Reporting
 Persons is 250 West 55 th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 1019. 

(8) 
 According to a Schedule
 13G filed on January 31, 2023, filed by Yakira Capital Management, Inc. YCM ), on behalf of Yakira Partners, L.P. YP ),
 Yakira Enhanced Offshore Fund Ltd. YEOF ), and MAP 136 Segregated Portfolio MAP (collectively with
 YCM, YP and YEOF, the Reporting Persons with respect to the shares of the Company owned by the Reporting Persons.
 YP may be deemed to beneficially own 34,294 shares of our Class A common stock. YEOF may be deemed to beneficially own 2,015 shares
 of our Class A common stock. MAP may be deemed to beneficially own 368,691 shares of our Class A common stock. The business address
 of the Reporting Persons is 1555 Post Road East, Stie 202, Westport, Connecticut 06880. 

34 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

On January 28, 2021,
we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately
 0.004 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent
20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering (excluding the representative shares, the placement units
and underlying securities). In May 2021, our sponsor returned to us, at no cost, an aggregate of 1,150,000 founder shares, which we cancelled.
Shares and associated accounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the surrender of 1,150,000 shares of Class B common stock
to us for no consideration in May 2021. Our sponsor also transferred 70,000 founder shares to ARC Group Limited in consideration of services
provided by such party as financial advisor to us in connection with our initial public offering and recorded 529,200 which is recorded
as a stock issuance cost. As a result, our sponsor owned 4,530,000 founder shares. Such Class B common stock included an aggregate of
up to 600,000 shares subject to forfeiture by our sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised
in full or in part, so that our sponsor will collectively own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the initial public offering
(assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase any public shares in the initial public offering and excluding the placement units
and underlying securities). On May 7, 2021, we issued 160,000 shares of Class B common stock to the underwriter for services rendered
and recorded 1,209,600 which is recorded as a stock issuance cost. On May 10, 2021, simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment,
we consummated the private placement of an additional 32,743 placement units to the sponsor, as a result of the underwriters election
to partially exercise their over-allotment option, 327,430 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture by our sponsor. The remaining
272,570 founder shares were forfeited by our sponsor. On May 12, 2021, we issued 13,098 shares of Class B common stock to the underwriter
for services rendered in connection with our initial public offering and recorded 99,021 which is recorded as a stock issuance cost. 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 583,743 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 5,837,430. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to the founder shares, placement shares or placement warrants, which
will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination by May 7, 2023. 

No compensation of any kind,
including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, has been or will be paid
by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, or in connection with any
services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). However, these individuals are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and determines which expenses
and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

On December 10, 2020, we issued
an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000, to be used
for payment of costs related to the initial public offering. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) June
30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the initial public offering. In 2021, the Company borrowed 177,111 under this promissory note,
which was repaid in full. As of December 31, 2022, the balance outstanding under the promissory note with our sponsor was 0. 

35 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, we could extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times, each by
an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination). In order to effectuate such extensions,
our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, were required to deposit into
the trust account 1,789,347 0.10 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three-month extension (or
up to an aggregate of 3,578,694), or 0.20 per share if we were to extend for the full six months). Any such payments would be made in
the form of a loan. Any such loans would be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination.
If we were to complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released
to us. Furthermore, the letter agreement with our initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed to
waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the trust account in the event that we do not complete a business
combination. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete
our initial business combination. If we do not complete a business combination, such loans will not be repaid. 

On May 4, 2022, we issued
a press release announcing that the sponsor had requested that we extend the deadline for consummating a business combination from May
7, 2022 to August 7, 2022 and that the sponsor had notified us that it intended to deposit an aggregate of 1,730,972 into the trust account
on or before May 7, 2022. On May 3, 2022, we issued the First Extension Note, a promissory note in the principal amount of 1,730,972
to the sponsor in connection with the Initial Extensions. On August 4, 2022, the First Extension Note was amended and restated solely
to increase the principal amount thereunder to 3,461,944 in connection with the further extension of the deadline for consummating a
business combination from August 7, 2022 to November 7, 2022. 

The First Extension Note,
as amended, bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which our initial business combination
is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company on or before November 7, 2022 or such later liquidation date as may be approved
by our stockholders. At the election of the sponsor, up to 1,500,000 of the unpaid principal amount of the First Extension Note, as amended,
may be converted into units of the Company identical to the placement units (the Conversion Units ), with the total Conversion
Units so issued to be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the May 3 Note being converted divided by (y) the conversion
price of 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. 

In connection with the approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal
at the Special Meeting, the sponsor agreed to contribute to the Company as a loan an aggregate of 0.045 for each public share that is
not redeemed for each calendar month (commencing on November 7, 2022 and on the 7 th day of each subsequent month) until May
7, 2023 that is needed to complete an initial business combination, with each such contribution to be deposited into the trust account
within five business days from the beginning of such calendar month (or portion thereof). Based on the outstanding 3,539,809 public shares
following redemptions as disclosed above, each monthly contribution will be 159,291. On November 14, 2022, the Company issued a promissory
note in the principal amount of up to 955,748 to the Sponsor. As of April 3, 2023, an aggregate of 796,457 had been deposited into
the trust account to support the first five month of the extension. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans on a non-interest bearing basis as may be required.
If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such Working Capital Loans but no
proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

36 

We have not sought and do not
expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing
to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

The holders of the founder shares,
the representative shares, placement units, and conversion units (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable)
will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed on May 4, 2021. These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that
we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggy-back registration
rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

We have entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee
for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased
a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense,
settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of
the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Luis Armando Alvarez, Pedro Manuel Zorrilla Velasco and Luis
Antonio Marquez-Heine are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our
independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary of
fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP , for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the
audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The
aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial
information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 80,790 and 93,280, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees,
as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist of
fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay Marcum for tax
services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay Marcum for any
other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

37 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial
Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID# F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in
the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this
Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the
SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

38 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has until May 7, 2023 to complete
a Business Combination or the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. Further, the Company s cash
and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which
is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

April 3, 2023 

F- 1 

MAQUIA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current asset 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Other assets 
 -

Investments held in the Trust Account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Notes payable Sponsor at cost 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable Sponsor at fair value (cost: and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting compensation 

Warrant liability - Private Placement Warrants 

Warrant liability - Public Warrants 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption; and shares at redemption value of 10.52 and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding 3,539,809 and 17,309,719 shares subject to possible redemption, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Class B common stock, par value ; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements 

F- 2 

MAQUIA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year
 
 For the Year 

Ended 
 
 Ended 

December
31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Other income 

Unrealized and realized gain on investment held in Trust Account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Total other income 

Income before tax 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A Common Stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share - Class A Common Stock

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B Common Stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share - Class B Common Stock

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

MAQUIA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance December 31, 2022 

Class A 
Common Stock 
 Class B 
Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Additional 
Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Forfeiture of Class B Common Stock 

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount 

Return of private placement funds to Sponsor (see Note 4) 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

MAQUIA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year 
 For the Year 

Ended 
 Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Unrealized and realized gains on investments held in the Trust Account 

Offering costs allocated to warrants 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred tax liability 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Cash withdrawn from the Trust Account 

Cash deposited into Trust Account 

Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Sale of Units in the Initial Public Offering, net of underwriting discount 

Sale of Private Placement Units to Sponsor 

Proceeds from the Sponsor promissory note 

Repayment of the Sponsor promissory note 

Return of excess private placement funds to Sponsor 

Payment of offering costs 

Redemption of Class A common stock 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Net Cash (Used in) Provided By Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash payments: 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Initial value of Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Deferred underwriting compensation charged to additional paid-in capital in connection with the Initial Public Offering 

Initial classification of fair value of warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements 

F- 5 

MAQUIA CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

units (the Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive
of million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). Each Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A common
stock (the Public Shares and one-half of redeemable warrant (each, a Warrant and, collectively, the
 Warrants ). On May 7, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to the underwriter for services rendered
and recorded which is recorded as a stock issuance cost. 

units (each, a Private Placement
Unit and collectively, the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement
Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately (Note 4). The Private Placement Units are identical to the Units in the Initial
Public Offering, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with
respect to such sale. 

additional units of the Company s Class A common stock, par value at a price of
 per unit upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise their overallotment option Over-allotment Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of and incurred additional offering costs of
 in underwriting fees. Each Over-allotment Unit consists of share of the Company s Class A common stock, 
par value, and one-half of warrant (each, an Over-allotment Warrant and, collectively, the Over-allotment
Warrants ). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A common stock at a price of per share.
Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional 
private placement units (the Over-allotment Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of
 . As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, Founder Shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture. The remaining Founders shares were forfeited. On May 12, 2021, the Company issued
 shares of Class B common stock to the underwriter for services rendered and recorded which is recorded as a stock
issuance cost. 

million of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units, the Private Placement Units, the Over-allotment Units and the
Over-allotment Private Placement Units were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company. The funds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one
hundred eighty five (185) days or less or in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 and that invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i)
the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account proceeds as described below. The remaining
proceeds outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and
continuing general and administrative expenses. See Note 4 for the November redemption. 

F- 6 

shares of Class A common stock Public Shares exercised their right to redeem such shares.
Following redemptions, the Company has Public Shares outstanding. 

of interest that may be used for dissolution
expenses, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement will not be released from the Trust Account until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares that have
been properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of Public Shares if the Company does not complete
its Initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or such a later date pursuant to stockholder
approval or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders right or pre-Initial Business Combination activity;
and (iii) the redemption of of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the
Combination Period (as defined below), subject to the requirements of applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s
public stockholders. 

of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned
and less any interest earned thereon that is released for taxes) at the time of the signing of an agreement to enter into a Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company
Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

upon such consummation of a Business
Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. 

or more of
the Public Shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

per share (subject to an increase of up
to an additional per unit in the event that our sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
as described in more detail in this report)), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their Public Shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

, the Public Shares are redeemable and
will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

F- 7 

for this extension. As of December 31, 2023, an aggregate of had been deposited into the trust account
to support the first of the extension. As of April 3, 2023, an aggregate of had been deposited into the trust account
to support the first of the extension. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,
the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than
five business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable and less interest to pay dissolution expenses
up to ), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s
board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case
to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its
rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be
available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the
assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit. 

per share (whether or not the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (except for the company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Units at per Unit, which includes underwriters over-allotment, generating gross proceeds of 
million. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of Private
Placement Warrants, which includes underwriters over-allotment, to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement
Warrant, generating gross proceeds of approximately . 

F- 8 

from the sale of the Founder Shares (Note
4), and a loan of under an unsecured and noninterest bearing promissory note related party (Note 4). Subsequent to the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company plans to address its liquidity through the net proceeds from the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. The Company has incurred and expects to incur
significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. 

from the issuance of these financial statements. Management
has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an initial business combination not occur, and potential
subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have
been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 7, 2023. 

excise tax on share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022 and introduces a corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted financial statement income. The CAMT will be effective for us beginning in fiscal year 2024. We currently
are not expecting the IR Act to have a material adverse impact to our financial statements. 

F- 9 

billion or (c) when the Company
is deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 
million as of the prior June 30 th and (ii) the date on which the Company has issued more than billion in non-convertible
debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

cash equivalents at December
31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

consisted principally of costs incurred in
connection with preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These offering costs, together with the underwriter fees of ,
were charged to additional paid-in capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. Of these costs, were allocated
to the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants and are included in the statement of operations as a component of other
income (expense). After the Initial Public Offering occurred, offering costs with a fair value of were recorded in
connection with Class B Common Stock issued to the underwriters and a consultant. 

F- 10 

amounts accrued for interest and penalties.
The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation
from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

and , respectively, are presented as temporary
equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 
 - 

Proceeds allocated to the fair value of warrants 
 -

Class A common stock issuance costs and overallotment costs 
 -

Plus: 
 - 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 -

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption - December 31, 2021 

Sponsor deposits 
 -

Redemption and withdrawals 

Remeasurement carrying value to redemption value 
 -

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption December 31, 2022 

F- 11 

shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive
securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of
the Company. As a result, diluted net income per common share is the same as basic net income per common share for the period presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per share 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on this account
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

F- 12 

for year ended December 31,
2022 , which is included in change in fair value of derivative liabilities on the accompanying
statements of operations. There were unrealized gains or losses for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Units, which includes underwriters over-allotment, at a purchase price of
 per Unit generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of million. Each Unit consists of share of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value per share (the Class A Common Stock ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of
the Company (each whole warrant, a Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one whole
share of Class A Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

F- 13 

shares of Class B common stock to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. On May 4, 2021, the Sponsor
returned to the Company, at no cost, an aggregate of founder shares, which the Company cancelled. Shares and associated accounts
have been retroactively restated to reflect the surrender of Class B ordinary shares to the Company for no consideration on
May 4, 2021. The Sponsor also transferred founder shares to ARC Group Limited in consideration of services provided by such party
as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the offering and recorded which is recorded as a stock issuance cost.
As a result, the Sponsor currently owns founder shares. Such Class B common stock included an aggregate of up to shares
subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so
that the Sponsor will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming
the initial stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Placement Units and
underlying securities). On May 7, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class B common stock to the underwriter for services rendered
and recorded which is recorded as a stock issuance cost. On May 12, 2021, the Company issued shares of Class B common
stock to the underwriter for services rendered and recorded which is recorded as a stock issuance cost. As a result of the underwriters 
election to partially exercise their over-allotment option on May 10, 2021, Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted
for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company
completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property. 

units, which includes underwriters 
over-allotment, to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of
 . During the three months ended September 30, 2021, due to the downsizing of the Initial Public Offering, of
funds were returned to the Sponsor. 

days
after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

F- 14 

, to be used
for payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. The note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) June
30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. In 2021, the Company borrowed under this promissory note,
which was repaid in full. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance outstanding under the promissory note with the Sponsor
was . 

of notes and any other loans made by the Sponsor or its affiliates (including
the loans made to effectuate extensions as described below), the Company s officers and directors, or the Company s and their
affiliates prior to or in connection with a Business Combination may be converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional
Private Placement Units at a price of per Unit. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a
portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working
Capital Loans. 

per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable
deadline, for each three-month extension (or up to an aggregate of or per share if the Company extends for the full
six months). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the
consummation of a Business Combination out of the proceeds of the trust account released to it. If the Company does not consummate a
Business Combination, such loans will not be repaid. 

(the Extension Payment to the Sponsor in connection with
the First Extension (as defined below). The Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date on
which the Company s initial business combination is consummated and (ii) the liquidation of the Company. At the election of the
Sponsor, up to of the unpaid principal amount of the Note may be converted into units of the Company (the Conversion
Units with the total Conversion Units so issued shall be equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Note being
converted divided by (y) the conversion price of ten dollars ), rounded up to the nearest whole number of units. On August 4,
2022, the Company amended and restated the Note (the Amended Note in its entirety solely to increase the principal amount
thereunder from to in connection with the Second Extension . 

for each share of Class A commons stock that is not redeemed, for each calendar
month (commencing on November 7, 2022 and on the 7th day of each subsequent month) until May 7, 2023 (each, an Extension Period ),
or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination (the Contribution ). 

to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Sponsor loaned to the Company up to an aggregate of 
(the Extension Funds to deposit into the Company s trust account for each share of the Company s Class A common
stock that was not redeemed in connection with the Extension. 

per non-redeemed Public Share, for each month past November
7, 2022 until May 7, 2023 that the Company needs to complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Public
Shares following redemptions, each monthly Contribution will be which will be deposited in the Trust Account within
five (5) business days from the beginning of such calendar month (or portion thereof). The Company will have the sole discretion
whether to continue extending for additional calendar months until May 7, 2023. If the Company opts not to utilize any remaining portion
of the Extension Period, then the Company will liquidate and dissolve promptly in accordance with its charter, and its Sponsor s
obligation to make additional Contributions will terminate. The Company made deposits totaling during the year ended December
31, 2022 representing the first two months of extension payments . 

and the carrying value was as the of such loans are carried
at fair value (see Note 8). 

F- 15 

-day
option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. In connection with this issuance, the Company recorded
an over-allotment liability of . On May 12, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an
additional Units. Upon partial exercise of the over-allotment option, an additional Private Placement Units were purchased
and of the remaining overallotment liability was recorded to change in fair value of derivative liabilities in the accompanying
statement of operations. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. The cash discount of was paid in
May 2021 upon the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of three percent of the gross
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering upon the closing of a Business Combination. The deferred fee after the IPO was consummated in
May 2021 was . The deferred fee will be paid in cash upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the
Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding, respectively. 

months from the effective date of the registration statement
relating to the Initial Public Offering. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current
registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such
common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the
Public Warrants is not effective within 60 days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities
Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis.
The Public Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 16 

per warrant: 

per share, for any trading days within a 30
trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

per share, subject to
adjustment as described herein. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for
capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price
of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by
our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder
shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 
per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below under Redemption of warrants 
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 17 

- 

Expected life 
 
years 
 
years 
 
years 
 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock 
 
 - 

Dividends 

and , respectively. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recorded gains of 4,175,922 and 7,320,644, respectively, on the change in fair value of the derivative warrants which is included in
change in fair value of derivative liabilities in the accompanying statements of operations. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and 
shares of the Class A Common Stock, including and , respectively, of shares of the Class A Common Stock subject to
possible redemption, that were classified as temporary equity in the accompanying balance sheets. 

. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class B common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares
of Class B common stock issued and outstanding held by the Sponsor a consultant and the underwriter. On May 4, 2021, the Company effected
a cancellation agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company cancelled founder shares, resulting in the Sponsor
holding founder shares (of which of such shares being subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment option is not exercised in full) so that the initial stockholders will own of the issued and outstanding shares after
the Initial Public Offering (assuming the initial stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding
the Founder Shares). The Sponsor also transferred Founder Shares to ARC Group Limited in consideration of services provided by
such party as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Shares and associated accounts have been
retroactively restated to reflect the surrender of Class B ordinary shares. The Class B common stock will automatically convert
into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis. 

preferred shares with a par value of per share with such designation, rights and preferences
as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

F- 18 

Liabilities: 

Note payable Sponsor 
 3 

Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 
 3 

Warrant Liability Public Warrants 
 1 

and spread on extrapolatable
corporate bonds of prevalent at the time of valuation; (ii) the liquidation-adjusted fair value of the call option using the Black-Scholes
method taking the stock price , six-month risk-free yield of and volatility of observed in extrapolatable benchmarks,
prevalent at the time of the valuation; and (iii) the fair value of the warrants derived at from the convertible units. The assumption
for the probably of a business combination is . 

and spread on extrapolatable
corporate bonds of prevalent at the time of valuation; (ii) the liquidation-adjusted fair value of the call option using the Black-Scholes
method taking the stock price , six-month risk-free yield of and volatility of observed in extrapolatable benchmarks,
prevalent at the time of the valuation; and (iii) the fair value of the warrants derived at from the convertible units. The assumption
for the probably of a business combination is . 

F- 19 

Start up costs 
 
 -

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust account 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 

Deferred tax liability, net 

Deferred 

State and local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

of U.S. federal loss
carryovers and of state operating loss carryovers that do not expire and are available to offset future taxable income. There
were no NOLs as of December 31, 2022. The net operating losses are not available to be used until the tax returns are filed. 

and . 

F- 20 

State tax, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of debt 
 
 -

Warrant issuance costs 
 - 

Other 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, due to the valuation allowance recorded on the Company s
net operating losses and start up costs as well as the change in the fair value of the warrant liability and debt, state tax, net of
federal tax benefit and the warrant issuance costs. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject
to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing
authorities. The Company considers Florida to be a significant state tax jurisdiction. 

F- 21 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc. (3) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By Laws. (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (7) 
 
 3.4 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (8) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers and directors, Kingswood Capital Markets, division of Benchmark Investments, Inc., and the Sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated December 10, 2020, issued to Maquia Investments North America, LLC. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (3) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, between the Registrant and Maquia Investments North America, LLC. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (3) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Unit Subscription Agreement, dated May 4, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (3) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Administrative Support Agreement by and between the Registrant and ARC Group Ltd. (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Promissory Note dated May 3, 2022. (5) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note dated August 4, 2022. (6) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory Note dated November 14, 2022. (9) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics. (2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-253167), filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-253167), filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2022. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2022 

(8) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022. 

(9) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 16, 2022. 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

April 3, 2023 
 Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Jeff Ransdell 

Name: 
 Jeff Ransdell 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Jeff Ransdell 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Jeff
 Ransdell 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jeronimo Peralta 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Jeronimo
 Peralta 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Guillermo Cruz 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Guillermo
 Cruz 

/s/
 Maggie Vo 
 
 Chief
 Investment Officer 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Maggie
 Vo 

/s/
 Guillermo Cruz Reyes 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Guillermo
 Cruz Reyes 

/s/
 Luis Armando Alvarez 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Luis
 Armando Alvarez 

/s/
 Pedro Manuel Zorrilla Velasco 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Pedro
 Manuel Zorrilla Velasco 

/s/
 Luis Antonio Marquez-Heine 
 
 Director 
 
 April 3, 2023 
 
 Luis
 Antonio Marquez-Heine 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_maquiacapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeff Ransdell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeff Ransdell 

Jeff Ransdell 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_maquiacapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeronimo Peralta, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Maquia Capital
Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeronimo Peralta 

Jeronimo Peralta 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial
 Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_maquiacapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeff Ransdell, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeff Ransdell 

Jeff Ransdell 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_maquiacapital.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Maquia Capital Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeronimo Peralta, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeronimo Peralta 

Jeronimo Peralta 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial
 Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 maqcu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 maqcu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 maqcu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 maqcu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 maqcu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

