<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_93556_0000093556-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26924796</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>605687</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4783144</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9315499</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6151529</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5606098</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000093556-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223172630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000093556-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		167
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000093556
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		IRS NUMBER:				060548860
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05224
		FILM NUMBER:		23661143

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 STANLEY DR
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 7000
		CITY:			NEW BRITAIN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8602255111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 STANLEY DR
		CITY:			NEW BRITAIN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06053

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STANLEY WORKS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000093556-23-000007.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 swk-20221231.htm
 10-K

swk-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact Name Of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code 
 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title Of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name Of Each Exchange on Which Registered 2.50 Par Value per Share 
 Securities Registered Pursuant To Section 12(g) Of The Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports require d to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 As of July 1, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion based on the New York Stock Exchange closing price for such shares on that date. On February 13, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 10 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 24 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 24 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 24 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 24 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 
 ITEM 6. REMOVED AND RESERVED 
 27 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 27 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 48 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 48 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 48 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 49 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 49 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION S THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 49 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE REGISTRANT 
 50 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 52 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 52 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 54 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 54 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 54 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 56 
 SIGNATURES 57 
 EX-4.5 EX-10.17(b) EX-10.17(c) EX-10.17(d) EX-10.17(e) EX-10.21 EX-21 EX-23 EX-24 EX-31.1(a) EX-31.1(b) EX-32.1 EX-32.2 
 
 2 

FORM 10-K 
 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Stanley Black Decker, Inc. ("the Company") was founded in 1843 by Frederick T. Stanley and incorporated in Connecticut in 1852. In March 2010, the Company completed a merger with The Black Decker Corporation Black Decker ), a company founded by S. Duncan Black and Alonzo G. Decker and incorporated in Maryland in 1910. At that time, the Company changed its name from The Stanley Works to Stanley Black Decker, Inc. The Company s principal executive office is located at 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, Connecticut 06053 and its telephone number is (860) 225-5111. 
 The Company is a global provider of hand tools, power tools, outdoor products and related accessories, as well as a leading provider of engineered fastening solutions and attachment tools for infrastructure applications, with 2022 consolidated annual revenues of 16.9 billion. Approximately 63 of the Company s 2022 revenues were generated in the United States, with the remainder largely from Europe (15 ), emerging markets (12 and Canada (5 ). 
 The Company continues to execute a business strategy that involves organic growth in excess of the market and industry, geographic and customer diversification to foster sustainable revenue, earnings and cash flow growth over the long term. Over the past two years, the Company has focused the portfolio on its leading positions in the Tools Outdoor and Industrial businesses. 
 Leveraging the benefits of a more focused portfolio, the Company initiated a business transformation that includes reinvestment for faster growth as well as the 2.0 billion Global Cost Reduction Program through 2025. The Company s primary areas of strategic focus are as follows: 
 Continuing to advance innovation, electrification and global market penetration to achieve organic revenue growth of 2 to 3 times the market; 
 Streamlining and simplifying the organization, as well as shifting resources to prioritize investments believed to have a positive and more direct impact to customers; 
 Accelerating the operations and supply chain transformation to improve fill rates and better match the needs of its customers while improving adjusted gross margins back to historical 35 + levels; and 
 Prioritizing cash flow generation and inventory optimization. 
 During this period, the focus for capital deployment will be on debt reduction, internal investment and shareholder return through dividends. 
 The Company has focused its portfolio through a series of acquisitions and divestitures. In August 2022, the Company sold its Oil Gas business comprised of the pipeline services and equipment businesses. In July 2022, the Company sold its Convergent Security Solutions ("CSS") business comprised of the commercial electronic security and healthcare businesses for net proceeds of 3.1 billion and its Mechanical Access Solutions ("MAS") business comprised of the automatic doors business for net proceeds of 922 million. These businesses were part of the previously reported Security segment. These divestitures are part of the Company's strategic commitment to simplify and streamline its portfolio to focus on the core Tools Outdoor and Industrial businesses. 
 In November 2020, the Company sold its commercial electronic security businesses in five countries in Europe and emerging markets within the Security segment. In October 2020, the Company sold a product line in Oil Gas within the Industrial segment. 
 The Company has also divested several smaller businesses in recent years that allowed the Company to invest in other areas that fit its long-term strategy. 
 In recent years, the Company completed the acquisitions of the remaining 80 percent ownership stake of MTD Holdings Inc. ("MTD") for 1.5 billion, Excel Industries ("Excel") for 374 million, and Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC ("CAM") for 1.4 billion. The MTD acquisition expanded the Company's presence in the 25 billion and growing outdoor category, with strong brands and growth opportunities. Excel was a strategically important bolt-on acquisition that bolstered the Company's presence in the independent dealer network. The CAM acquisition further diversified the Company's presence in the industrial markets and expanded its portfolio of specialty fasteners in the aerospace and defense markets. 
 Refer to Note E, Acquisitions and Investments, and Note T, Divestitures , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion. 
 3 

The Company s business strategy is interdependent with its social responsibility strategy that encompasses workforce upskilling, product innovation, and environmental preservation, including mitigating the impacts of climate change. These are core business areas that ensure the long-term viability of the Company, its customers, suppliers, employee base, and communities. In 2017, the Company established an environmental, social, and corporate governance ("ESG") strategy to drive positive impact for people, products, and the planet. 
 The recent portfolio transformation prompted the Company to re-baseline its ESG data and update its ESG targets to align with the more focused Company, while maintaining continuity with the legacy ESG pillars of people, products, and planet. The updated strategy and targets will be described in more detail within the Company s ESG report to be released in 2023. The Company's renewed ESG priorities are as follows: 
 Supporting the long-term viability of the skilled trades that the Company serves and which are integral to thriving economic communities by focusing philanthropic efforts on growing these trades; 
 Driving responsible product innovation by considering sustainability throughout all aspects of the product lifecycle, including material procurement from supply chain partners, product design, manufacturing, distribution and transportation, product use, product service, and end-of-life; and 
 Improving the sustainability of its operations by reducing carbon emissions, waste to landfill, and water use in water-stressed and scarce areas. 
 Refer to the "Human Capital Management" section in this Item 1 below for additional information regarding the Company's commitment to supporting its employees and improving diversity, equity and inclusion. 
 
 Description of the Business 
 The Company s operations are classified into two reportable business segments: Tools Outdoor and Industrial. Both reportable segments have significant international operations and are exposed to translational and transactional impacts from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Additional information regarding the Company s business segments and geographic areas is incorporated herein by reference to the material captioned Business Segment Results in Item 7 and Note P, Business Segments and Geographic Areas , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 . 
 4 

Tools Outdoor 
 The Tools Outdoor segment is comprised of the Power Tools Group ("PTG"), Hand Tools, Accessories Storage ("HTAS"), and Outdoor Power Equipment ("Outdoor") businesses. Annual revenues in the Tools Outdoor segment were 14.4 billion in 2022, representing 85 of the Company s total revenues. The segment is a worldwide leader in the tools and outdoor markets and carries iconic brands in the industry, including DEWALT , CRAFTSMAN , STANLEY , BLACK+DECKER and CUB CADET . 
 The PTG business includes both professional and consumer products. Professional products include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, and concrete and masonry anchors. Consumer products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the BLACK+DECKER brand, and home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances. 
 The HTAS business sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. Hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. Power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. Storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products. 
 The Outdoor business primarily sells corded and cordless electric lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, pressure washers and related accessories, and gas powered lawn and garden products, including lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, utility terrain vehicles (UTVs), hand-held outdoor power equipment, garden tools, and parts and accessories to professionals and consumers under the DEWALT , CUB CADET , BLACK+DECKER , CRAFTSMAN , TROY-BILT , and HUSTLER brand names. 
 The segment sells its products to professional end users, distributors, independent dealers, retail consumers and industrial customers in a wide variety of industries and geographies. The majority of sales are distributed through retailers, including home centers, mass merchants, hardware stores, and retail lumber yards, as well as third-party distributors, independent dealers, and a direct sales force. 
 Industrial 
 The Industrial segment is comprised of the Engineered Fastening and Infrastructure businesses. Annual revenues in the Industrial segment were 2.5 billion in 2022, representing 15 of the Company s total revenues. 
 The Engineered Fastening business primarily sells highly engineered components such as fasteners, fittings and various engineered products, which are designed for specific application across multiple verticals. The product lines include externally threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, and couplings. The business sells to customers in the automotive, manufacturing, electronics, construction, and aerospace industries, amongst others, and its products are distributed through a direct sales force and, to a lesser extent, third-party distributors. 
 The Infrastructure business sells hydraulic tools and high quality, performance-driven heavy equipment attachment tools for off-highway applications. The products and services are primarily distributed through a direct sales force and, to a lesser extent, third-party distributors. 
 Other Information 
 Competition 
 The Company competes on the basis of its reputation for product quality, its well-known brands, its commitment to customer service, its strong customer relationships, the breadth of its product lines, its innovative products and customer value propositions. 
 The Company encounters active competition in the Tools Outdoor and Industrial segments from both larger and smaller companies that offer the same or similar products and services or that produce different products appropriate for the same uses. Certain large customers offer private label brands house brands that compete across a wide spectrum of the Company s Tools Outdoor segment product offerings. 
 Major Customers 
 5 

A significant portion of the Company s Tools Outdoor products are sold to home centers and mass merchants in the U.S. and Europe. A consolidation of retailers both in North America and abroad has occurred over time. While this consolidation and the domestic and international expansion of these large retailers have provided the Company with opportunities for growth, the increasing size and importance of individual customers creates a certain degree of exposure to potential sales volume loss. Lowe's accounted for approximately 15 , 15 and 17 of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while The Home Depot accounted for approximately 13 , 15 and 14 of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No other customer exceeded 10 of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Working Capital 
 
 The Company continues to practice the operating principles encompassed by Operations Excellence, one element of the SBD Operating Model, which work in concert: sales and operations planning, operational lean, complexity reduction, global supply management, order-to-cash excellence, and upskilling the Company's workforce. The Company develops standardized business processes and system platforms to reduce costs and provide scalability. Working capital turns were 3.5 at the end of 2022, down 1.7 turns from 2021, as the Company focuses on optimizing inventory levels following the increased supply chain constraints and a consumer-driven slowdown in 2022 demand. As a result of this focus, inventory as of December 31, 2022 was 5.9 billion, down 775 million from its peak at the end of the second quarter of 2022. The Company plans to continue leveraging Operations Excellence to generate ongoing improvements in working capital turns, cycle times, complexity reduction and customer service levels. 
 Raw Materials 
 The Company s products are manufactured using resins, ferrous and non-ferrous metals including, but not limited to, steel, zinc, copper, brass, aluminum and nickel. The Company also purchases components such as batteries, motors, engines, transmissions, and electronic components to use in manufacturing and assembly operations along with resin-based molded parts. The raw materials required are procured globally and generally available from multiple sources at competitive prices. As part of the Company's Enterprise Risk Management, the Company has implemented a supplier risk mitigation strategy in order to identify and address any potential supply disruption or material scarcity issues associated with commodities, components, finished goods and critical services. The Company does not anticipate difficulties in obtaining supplies for any raw materials used in its production processes and has taken proactive measures to secure energy supply in its European factories to insulate the Company's production from supply constraints in the region. 
 Patents and Trademarks 
 No business segment is solely dependent, to any significant degree, on patents, licenses, franchises or concessions, and the loss of one or several of these patents, licenses, franchises or concessions would not have a material adverse effect on any of the Company's businesses. The Company owns numerous patents, none of which individually are material to the Company's operations as a whole. These patents expire at various times over the next 20 years. The Company holds licenses, franchises and concessions, none of which individually or in the aggregate are material to the Company's operations as a whole. These licenses, franchises and concessions vary in duration, but generally run from one to 40 years. 
 The Company has numerous trademarks that are used in its businesses worldwide. In the Tools Outdoor segment, significant trademarks include STANLEY , BLACK+DECKER , DEWALT , FLEXVOLT , IRWIN , LENOX , CRAFTSMAN , PORTER-CABLE , BOSTITCH , FATMAX , Powers , Guaranteed Tough , MAC TOOLS , PROTO , Vidmar , FACOM , Expert , LISTA , MTD , CUB CADET , TROY-BILT , HUSTLER , and the yellow black color scheme for power tools and accessories. Significant trademarks in the Industrial segment include STANLEY , NELSON , LaBounty , Dubuis , CribMaster , POP , Avdel , Tucker , NPR , Spiralock , PALADIN , CAM , Bristol Industries , Voss , Aerofit , EA Patten , Integra , Optia , PENGO and STANLEY Assembly Technologies. The terms of these trademarks typically vary from 10 to 20 years, with most trademarks being renewable indefinitely for like terms. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 The Company's operations are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, both within and outside the U.S., in areas such as environmental protection, international trade, data privacy, tax, consumer protection, government contracts, climate change and others. The Company is subject to import and export controls, tariffs, and other trade-related regulations and restrictions in the countries in which it has operations or otherwise does business. These controls, tariffs, regulations, and restrictions have had, and may continue to have, a material impact on the Company's business, including its ability to sell products and to manufacture or source components. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding various laws and regulations that affect the Company's business operations. 
 6 

The Company is also subject to various environmental laws and regulations in the U.S. and foreign countries where it has operations. In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings relating to environmental issues. The Company s policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In the event that no amount in the range of probable loss is considered most likely, the minimum loss in the range is accrued. The amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. The liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. As assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company had reserves of 129.3 million and 159.1 million, respectively, for remediation activities associated with Company-owned properties, as well as for Superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. Of the 2022 amount, 39.4 million is classified as current and 89.9 million as long-term, which is expected to be paid over the estimated remediation period. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded 16.4 million in other assets related to funding by the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") and monies received have been placed in trust in accordance with the Consent Decree associated with the West Coast Loading Corporation ("WCLC") proceedings, as further discussed in Note S, Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 . Accordingly, the Company's net cash obligation as of December 31, 2022 associated with the aforementioned remediation activities is 112.9 million. The range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is 58.5 million to 220.1 million, which is subject to change in the near term. The Company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. Liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with the Company's policy. 
 The amount recorded for identified contingent liabilities is based on estimates. Amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. Actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the estimates, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures. Subject to the imprecision in estimating future contingent liability costs, the Company does not expect that any sum it may have to pay in connection with these matters in excess of the amounts recorded will have a materially adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Additional information regarding environmental matters is available in Note S, Contingencies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 . 
 Compliance with government regulations, including environmental and climate change regulations, has not had, and based on current information and the applicable laws and regulations currently in effect, is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position. However, laws and regulations may be changed, accelerated or adopted that impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company and which could negatively impact its operating results and financial condition. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Stanley Black Decker has a strategic vision to grow as an employer of choice with leading market positions in each of its major categories. The Company s human capital management fuels every part of the path to this vision. It begins with its Purpose (why we do what we do), Values (intrinsically what we prioritize), Leadership Principles (how we lead), Focus Forward Priorities (what we work on), Operating Model (how we work), and Key Performance Indicators (how we measure success). 
 To achieve this vision, the Company will be focusing intently on its Focus Forward strategy, which details the long-term focus areas that will guide the journey forward. The priorities include a strong foundation of People Culture, with Talent Attraction, Development, and Retention being core focus areas. The Company s People Culture foundation is something that everyone is responsible for especially people managers. The Company s goal is to continue to create an environment where its employees are included and can thrive. The Company remains fully committed to its key priorities of: Health Safety; Diversity, Equity Inclusion; Environmental Social Responsibility; and Integrity Compliance. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 54,200 employees in 59 countries. Approximately 35 of total employees were employed in the U.S. In addition, the Company had approximately 5,700 temporary contractors globally, primarily in operations. The workforce is comprised of approximately 72 hourly-paid employees, principally in manufacturing and distribution centers, and 28 salaried employees. There were approximately 1,000 U.S. employees covered by collective bargaining agreements dispersed among 9 different local labor unions, and a majority of European employees are represented by Works Councils. Two U.S. collective bargaining agreements are scheduled for renegotiation in the next 12 months. The Company strives to maintain a positive relationship with all its employees, as well as the unions and Works Councils representing them, where applicable. 
 
 Talent Attraction, Development, and Retention 
 7 

Attraction 
 In 2022, the Company invested in expanding its employer of choice branding and building out a global talent acquisition center of excellence. Examples of branding investments include expanding the launch of an app-based technology that allows colleagues to share curated news about the Company externally. Examples of recruiting investments include hiring dedicated talent acquisition resources within the regions to better focus on skill shortages locally. 
 The Company also has placed an emphasis on university recruiting at historically black colleges and universities and professional associations, such as the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, to expand its reach to identify diverse candidates. Approximately 39 of global new hires in 2022 were women versus 37 in 2021, and in the U.S. approximately 39 of new employees were racially or ethnically diverse versus 45 in 2021. 
 Development 
 Talent development is a key enabler of the People Culture pillar of the Company's Focus Forward strategy. A key part of development is leader and performance feedback. Throughout 2022, the Talent Development team began planning the Company s annual feedback process in its new Human Capital Management tool, which has a targeted implementation date by the end of 2023. Lifelong learning is supported internally through Stanley Black Decker University and externally with third-party partners. The Company offers over 50,000 training courses to its colleagues, and employees attended more than 40,000 hours of online voluntary learning in 2022. Additionally, the Company focuses on leadership development anchored around its Leadership Principles and Values, while promoting leadership habits and behaviors that highlight the importance of attributes like empathy, inclusivity and listening. 
 In 2022, the Company invested in development and talent initiatives for its operations workforce through dedicated operations-focused Workforce Readiness enablement programs. These programs had a dedicated focus on upskilling initiatives, and with future career opportunities across its operations workforce, the Company is educating and developing the workforce together with advancements in manufacturing capabilities. The Company utilized AI-based video technology to help its operations employees learn on-the-job training. In 2022, the Company had 12,932 users with 3,142 published videos and 172,465 workflow views to assist operations employees with on-the-job training. 
 Retention 
 The Company monitors organizational health through a variety of channels including employee opinion surveys, townhalls, roundtables, listening sessions, and an internal communications and social collaboration platform called Workplace. The Company s Human Resources ("HR") data team shared an interactive cloud-based organizational portal that provides certain leaders with over 30 metrics related to headcount, hiring, and retention to enhance insight from people data and add new dimensions of forward-looking, predictive capability. This data will be available to all people leaders for their direct and indirect teams as the Company launches its new Human Capital Management tool by the end of 2023. 
 Compensation 
 Compensation and benefits are globally managed and tailored by country to maintain market competitiveness, and effectively attract, retain, and reward employees. The Company s portfolio of programs is designed in the context of its compensation philosophy underpinned by the tenets of competitive pay, pay for performance, alignment with shareholder interests, and the Company's intent to provide fair and equitable pay supporting an inclusive culture. In addition to standard compensation and benefits packages, a sizable portion of managers and select individual contributors receive annual incentives contingent on achievement of business objectives, and all employees are generally eligible for special recognition awards. 
 Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 The Company is committed to building and nurturing an inclusive culture of passion and belonging where employees feel valued and heard, and are positioned to succeed. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors (the Board is comprised of 33 women versus 36 in 2021, 17 racially or ethnically diverse directors versus 9 in 2021, and 17 that are of a diverse national origin versus 9 in 2021. The Chief Executive Officer CEO and his direct staff are comprised of 42 women leaders, versus 36 in 2021, and 25 racially or ethnically diverse leaders versus 36 in 2021. Women represent approximately 35 of the Company's global workforce versus 33 in 2021. In the U.S., approximately 35 of employees are racially or ethnically diverse versus 34 in 2021. A copy of the Company's most recently filed Equal Employment Opportunity report to the U.S. government (EEO-1) can be found on the Company s website. 
 The Chief Diversity Officer CDO ), with the support of a dedicated team of diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI professionals, promotes a broad approach to DEI with the goal of accelerating Company performance, optimizing organizational culture, enhancing transparency, and strengthening accountability. The Company is continuing to execute initiatives across the global workforce designed to foster an inclusive workplace and facilitate equitable career development opportunities. 
 8 

Management monitors hiring, retention, promotion and continued progress toward achieving the Company's DEI goals. DEI reviews are regularly completed by management to increase diverse representation at all levels of the organization by 1) creating consistent visibility to employee demographic data and trends, 2) highlighting women and racially diverse talent, and 3) increasing leadership accountability for creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. 
 The Company provides training and guidance to employees including inclusive workforce modules. An internal knowledge library of DEI resources is available on the Company intranet. Mentorship programs cultivate talent at the Company by pairing women, people of color, early career talent and DEI leadership development program participants with the Company s leaders to influence leadership growth and mentor allyship. 
 The Company has nine Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs") and two regional inclusion councils. These ERGs are formed around various dimensions of diversity and are open to all employees. The ERGs include Abilities (visible and invisible abilities), African Ancestry, Asian Heritage, Hispanic/Latino/Latinx, Developing Professionals, Pride Allies (LGBTQ+), Veterans, Women, and Working Parents. Company executives and leaders actively participate, sponsor and engage with the ERGs. The CEO and direct staff also provide executive sponsorship and support for one or more ERGs, which serves as one of the cornerstones for inclusion and engagement of talent at scale. 
 The Company launched a racial equity roadmap in 2020 with ten actions to confront racism and social injustice throughout its communities and across the world, which includes specific goals across culture, career, and community focus areas. Each of the ten items were initiated in 2021 and the focus continued in 2022. The Company prioritizes investing in its communities by supporting individuals and organizations that advance DEI goals across regions in which it operates. There is a wide array of program offerings provided through the Company's DEI external partnership network. Offerings span across multiple demographics (African American, Asian, Hispanic/Latino/Latinx, Disabilities, Women, LGBTQ+) and levels of participation range from early in career through executive level. Through the RISE (Reach. Inspire. Support. Engage.) Community program, the Company provides scholar students access to expanded experiential learning beyond their classrooms. The Company s mission is to help its RISE scholars discover their passions, expose them to business, technology, STEM career opportunities and help to develop them as leaders. 
 The Company is a signatory of the Paradigm for Parity coalition, which is committed to addressing the gender gap in corporate leadership. The Company also participates in the Business Roundtable, where many of the largest U.S.-based employers are committed to building a more inclusive environment. The Company was also among the signatories of the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion initiative. 
 
 Employee Wellness, Health and Safety 
 The Company is committed to providing competitive benefits to attract and retain talent, which vary by country, including benefits and programs to support the broad wellness of its employees healthy lifestyles, mental health, and retirement readiness. The Company also supports its employees and promotes work/life balance through benefits such as paid parental leave, paid time off, flexible work arrangements and virtual/hybrid working model policies. 
 In 2022, the Company continued its commitment to navigating through the COVID-19 pandemic with employee health and safety as a non-negotiable, foundational priority. Guided by the Company's Chief Medical Officer, the Company transitioned away from a one-size-fits-all approach to COVID-19 prevention, given the great variability throughout the world in the state of the pandemic. With agility, the Company began the process of transitioning to a future state in which it stands ready with the right tools to re-introduce mitigation strategies where needed, while continuing these mitigation methods in areas of high risk. The Company foresees a future in which it will continue to monitor COVID-19 and any future risks with strategies in place to ensure business continuity and employee health. 
 The Company s Environmental, Health and Safety EHS Management System Plan describes the core elements of EHS responsibility and accountability, including policies and procedures that are designed in alignment with global standards, the Company s Code of Business Ethics, applicable laws and individual facility needs. EHS requirements apply to all employees and operating locations worldwide, including all manufacturing facilities, distribution centers, warehouses, laboratories, field service centers, retail locations, office locations and mobile units, as well as to the Company's subsidiaries and joint ventures (in which the Company exercises decision-making control over operations). Legal requirements and responses may vary in the different countries in which the Company s facilities are located. 
 
 Governance and Oversight 
 The CEO and the management Executive Committee are entrusted with developing and advancing the Company s human capital strategy which is reviewed annually with periodic updates on progress with the Board. The Chief Human Resources Officer CHRO ), who reports directly to the CEO, is charged with the development and stewardship of this strategy on an enterprise-wide basis. This incorporates a broad range of dimensions, including culture, values, labor and employee relations, leadership expectations and capabilities, talent development, performance management and total rewards. Each year, the Company conducts an extensive talent review with its CEO where the leadership team, key talent, and succession plans are 
 9 

reviewed. Afterwards, the CEO or CHRO leads a talent review with the Compensation Talent Development Committee of the Board and the entire membership of the Board, at least annually. 
 Refer to Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of the Registrant in Part III of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding the Company's Executive Officers. 
 Code of Business Ethics, Workplace Harassment Prevention, and Managing Unconscious Bias training, among others, are provided to employees and the content is regularly reviewed and updated. All employees have access to the INTEGRITY@SBD platform where support, guidance and resources are available. Employees are encouraged to raise any concerns through multiple channels, including through the confidential Integrity Helpline, without fear of retaliation or retribution. 
 Additional information regarding the Company's Human Capital programs and initiatives is available in the Company's Environmental, Social and Governance Report located under the "Impact" heading of the Company s website. The information on the Company s website is not, and is not intended to be, part of this Form 10-K and is not incorporated into this report by reference. 
 Research and Development Costs 
 Research and development costs, which are classified in Selling, general and administrative ("SG A"), were 357.4 million, 276.3 million and 200.0 million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company continues to invest in its innovation model with both breakthrough and core innovations and places an emphasis on electrification. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s website is located at http://www.stanleyblackanddecker.com. This URL is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. It is not intended to be an active hyperlink to the Company's website. The information on the Company's website is not, and is not intended to be, part of this Form 10-K and is not incorporated into this report by reference. The Company makes its Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and amendments to each available free of charge on its website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing them with, or furnishing them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Company s business, operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those risks set forth under the heading entitled "Cautionary Statements Under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995" in Item 7, and in other documents that the Company files with the SEC, before making any investment decision with respect to its securities. If any of the risks or uncertainties actually occur or develop, the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects could change. Under these circumstances, the trading prices of the Company s securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment in the Company s securities. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 
 The successful execution of the Company s business strategy depends on its ability to recruit, retain, train, motivate, and develop employees and execute effective succession planning. 
 
 The success of the Company s efforts to grow its business depends on the contributions and abilities of key executives and management personnel, its sales force and other personnel, including the ability of its sales force to adapt to any changes made in the sales organization and achieve adequate customer coverage. The Company must therefore continue to recruit, retain, train and motivate management, sales and other personnel sufficiently to maintain its current business and support its projected growth. In addition, the Company must invest heavily in reskilling and upskilling its employees, including placing an emphasis on lifelong learning. Additionally, any unplanned turnover or inability to attract and retain key employees could have a negative effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 
 A shortage of key employees might jeopardize the Company s ability to implement its business strategy, and changes in the key management team can result in loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, departure of other key employees, disruptions to the Company s operations and inefficiency during transitional periods. The Company s reputation, business, revenue and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if it is unable to recruit, retain, train, motivate, and develop employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels. 
 
 10 

The Company s acquisitions, exiting of businesses, divestitures, strategic investments and alliances and joint ventures, as well as general business reorganizations, may result in financial results that are different than expected and certain risks for its business and operations. 
 
 As part of the Company's strategy, it may acquire businesses or assets, divest businesses or assets, enter into strategic alliances and joint ventures, and make investments to further its business (collectively, business combinations and investment transactions ), and also handle any post-closing issues, such as integration and transition services. For example, in 2022, the Company completed the divestitures of its Security and Oil Gas businesses. The Company may make additional divestitures or pursue acquisitions in the future . 
 
 Risks associated with business combinations and investment transactions include the following, any of which could adversely affect the Company's financial results, including its effective tax rate: 
 the failure to identify the most suitable candidates for acquisitions and to close on such acquisitions within desired time frames and at a reasonable cost; 
 difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, or disposing of a business at a price or on terms that are less desirable than the Company had anticipated; 
 the ability to conduct and evaluate the results of due diligence with respect to business combinations and investment transactions; 
 the failure to identify significant issues with a target company s product quality, financial disclosures, accounting practices or internal control deficiencies or the factors necessary to estimate reasonably accurate costs, timing and other matters, and the failure to identify, or accurately assess the risks of, historical practices of target companies that would create liability or other exposures for the Company if they continue post-completion or as a result of successor liability; 
 the difficulties and cost in obtaining any necessary regulatory or government approvals on acceptable terms and any delay from the inability to satisfy pre-closing conditions; 
 the anticipated additional revenues from the acquired companies do not materialize, despite extensive due diligence; 
 the acquired businesses may lose market acceptance or profitability; 
 the impact of divestitures on the Company's revenue growth may be larger than projected, as the Company may experience greater dis-synergies than expected; 
 the diversion of Company management s attention and other resources; 
 incurring significant restructuring charges and amortization expense, assuming liabilities, ongoing or new lawsuits related to the transaction or otherwise or pre-closing regulatory violations of the acquired business, potential impairment of acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, and increasing the Company's expenses and working capital requirements; 
 continued financial involvement in a divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations; and 
 the loss of key personnel, distributors, clients or customers of acquired companies. 
 
 In addition, the current and the proposed changes to the U.S. and foreign regulatory approval process and requirements in connection with an acquisition or divestiture may jeopardize, delay or reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction to the Company. Failure to effectively integrate acquired companies, strategic investments and alliances, consummate or manage any future acquisitions, exit businesses or consummate divestitures, or general business reorganizations, and mitigate the related risks, may adversely affect the Company s existing businesses and harm its operational results due to large write-offs, significant restructuring costs, contingent liabilities, substantial depreciation, and/or adverse tax or other consequences. The Company cannot ensure that such integrations and reorganizations will be successfully completed or that all of the planned synergies and other benefits will be realized. 
 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 
 The Company s business is subject to risks associated with sourcing, manufacturing and maintaining appropriate inventory levels. 
 
 The Company imports large quantities of finished goods, component parts and raw materials. Lead times for these items vary significantly and may be further impacted by global shortages of critical components. Global supply chain constraints in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic limited the Company's visibility into availability and lead times for products and their component parts and raw materials but such constraints have softened in the second half of 2022. In addition, the Company s ability to import these items in a timely and cost-effective manner may be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as fluctuations in freight costs, port and shipping capacity, labor disputes and shortages, severe weather due to climate change or increased homeland security requirements in the U.S. and other countries. In 2022 and 2021, the Company experienced significantly higher freight costs compared to freight costs incurred in 2020. These issues have delayed, and could delay in the future, importation of products or require the Company to 
 11 

locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s business and financial condition. 
 
 The Company also relies on its ability to maintain inventory levels appropriate to meet consumer and customer demand. During the second half of 2020 and during 2021, the Company experienced higher than historical customer demand and increased supply chain constraints, resulting in historically high inventory levels. As consumer and DIY demand softened in the second quarter of 2022, the Company s inventory levels peaked in the first half of the year. The Company is actively addressing this dynamic through the Global Cost Reduction Program implemented in the third quarter of 2022, which includes an initiative to reduce inventory levels by curtailing production and by reducing complexity through SKU rationalization. This initiative resulted in 775 million of inventory reduction in the second half of 2022. However, any failure to achieve SKU rationalization efforts in an efficient manner or reduce inventory levels, or otherwise maintain appropriate inventory levels to meet consumer and customer demand, may expose the Company to risks of excess inventory and less marketable or obsolete inventory and could require the Company to sell excess or obsolete inventory at a discount, which could result in inventory write-offs that would negatively impact the Company s revenues and profit margin. 
 
 Substantially all of the Company's import operations are subject to customs requirements and to tariffs and quotas set by governments through mutual agreements, bilateral actions or, in some cases unilateral action. In addition, the countries in which the Company s products and materials are manufactured or imported from (including importation into the United States of the Company's products manufactured overseas) may from time to time impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs or other restrictions on its imports (including restrictions on manufacturing operations) or adversely modify existing restrictions. In recent years, changes in U.S. policy regarding international trade, including import and export regulation and international trade agreements, have negatively impacted the Company s business. For example, in 2018 the United States imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum as well as on goods imported from China and certain other countries, which resulted in retaliatory tariffs by China and other countries. Similar U.S. actions and any corresponding retaliatory efforts, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that the Company may not be able to offset or otherwise adversely impact the Company s results of operations. Imports are also subject to unpredictable foreign currency changes which may increase the Company s cost of goods sold. Adverse changes in these import costs and restrictions, or failure by the Company s suppliers to comply with customs regulations or similar laws, could harm the Company s business. 
 
 The Company s operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement, and the activities and regulations of the World Trade Organization. Although these trade agreements generally have positive effects on trade liberalization, sourcing flexibility and cost of goods by reducing or eliminating the duties and/or quotas assessed on products manufactured in a particular country, trade agreements can also impose requirements that adversely affect the Company s business, such as setting quotas on products that may be imported from a particular country into key markets including the U.S. or the European Union ("EU"), or making it easier for other companies to compete, by eliminating restrictions on products from countries where the Company s competitors source products. 
 
 In addition, the Company has a number of key suppliers in South Korea, China and Taiwan. Any future tensions or conflicts in such regions could cause material disruptions in the Company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the Company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers. 
 
 The Company also relies on its suppliers to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. The Company s ability to find qualified suppliers who meet its standards, including a majority having carbon emission reduction targets, and supply products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner is a significant challenge with the increasing demand from customers, especially with respect to goods sourced from outside the U.S. For certain products, the Company may rely on one or very few suppliers. A supplier s failure to meet the Company s standards, provide products in a timely, cost-effective and efficient manner, or comply with applicable laws is beyond the Company s control. These issues could have a material negative impact on the Company's business and profitability. Poor quality or an insecure supply chain, may also adversely affect the reliability and reputation of the Company. 
 
 The effects of climate change, such as extreme weather conditions, could also place capacity constraints on the Company s supply chain. For example, steel and copper are critical to the design of the Company's products and some countries, including Chile and Australia, where steel and copper are sourced from have experienced and are expected to continue to experience severe weather due to climate change. A severe weather event in these countries could cause disruptions in the Company's supply chain which could, in turn, cause product shortages, delays in delivery and/or increases in the Company's cost incurred to produce and deliver products to its customers. 
 
 12 

Changes in customer preferences, the inability to maintain mutually beneficial relationships with large customers, inventory reductions by customers, and the inability to penetrate new channels of distribution could adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 The Company has certain significant customers, particularly home centers and major retailers. In 2022, the two largest customers comprised approximately 28 of consolidated net sales, with U.S. and international mass merchants and home centers collectively comprising approximately 41 of consolidated net sales. The loss or material reduction of business, the lack of success of sales initiatives, or changes in customer preferences or loyalties for the Company s products, related to any such significant customer could have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the Company s major customers are volume purchasers, a few of which are much larger than the Company, and have strong bargaining power with suppliers. This factor limits the ability to recover cost increases through higher selling prices. Furthermore, unanticipated inventory adjustments by these customers can have a negative impact on the Company's net sales. 
 
 In times of tough economic conditions, the Company has experienced significant distributor inventory corrections reflecting de-stocking of the supply chain associated with difficult credit markets. Such distributor de-stocking exacerbated sales volume declines pertaining to weak end user demand and the broader economic recession. The Company s results may be adversely impacted in future periods by such customer inventory adjustments. Further, the inability to continue to penetrate new channels of distribution may have a negative impact on the Company s future results. 
 
 The Company faces active global competition and if it does not compete effectively, its business may suffer. 
 
 The Company faces active competition and resulting pricing pressures. The Company s products compete on the basis of, among other things, its reputation for product quality, its well-known brands, price, innovation and customer service capabilities. The Company competes with both larger and smaller companies that offer the same or similar products and services or that produce different products appropriate for the same uses. These companies are often located in countries such as China, Taiwan and India where labor and other production costs are substantially lower than in the U.S., Canada and Western Europe. Also, certain large customers offer house brands that compete with some of the Company s product offerings as a lower-cost alternative. To remain profitable and maintain or grow market share, the Company must maintain a competitive cost structure, develop new products and services, lead product innovation, respond to competitor innovations and enhance its existing products in a timely manner. The Company also competes for labor, particularly in its manufacturing facilities, which can drive higher labor costs and adversely impact its ability to efficiently operate. Any failure to attract and retain employees at the Company s manufacturing facilities or in other parts of the Company s operations may adversely affect its business and ability to meet customer demand, which in turn could adversely affect the Company s liquidity and results of operations. The Company may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts and with all of its competitors, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profit margins. 
 
 Operations Excellence, one element of the SBD Operating Model, is a continuous operational improvement process applied to many aspects of the Company s business such as procurement, quality in manufacturing, maximizing customer fill rates, integrating acquisitions and other key business processes. In the event the Company is not successful in effectively applying the Operations Excellence principles to its key business processes, including those of acquired businesses, its ability to compete and future earnings could be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, the Company may have to reduce prices on its products and services, or make other concessions, to stay competitive. Price reductions taken by the Company in response to customer and competitive pressures, as well as price reductions and promotional actions taken to drive demand that may not result in anticipated sales levels, could also negatively impact its business. The Company engages in restructuring actions, sometimes entailing shifts of production to low-cost countries, as part of its efforts to maintain a competitive cost structure. If the Company does not execute restructuring actions well, its ability to meet customer demand may decline, or earnings may otherwise be adversely impacted. Similarly, if such efforts to reform the cost structure are delayed relative to competitors or other market factors, the Company may lose market share and profits. 
 
 Customer consolidation could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 
 A significant portion of the Company s products are sold through home centers and mass merchant distribution channels in the U.S. and Europe. A consolidation of retailers in both North America and abroad has occurred over time and the increasing size and importance of individual customers creates risk of exposure to potential volume loss. The loss of certain larger home centers as customers would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 
 Low demand for new products and the inability to develop and introduce new products at favorable margins could adversely impact the Company s performance and prospects for future growth. 
 13 

The Company s competitive advantage is due in part to its ability to develop and introduce new products in a timely manner at favorable margins. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing new products, such as market demand, the unavailability of raw materials necessary for production of the Company's products and costs of development and production, may impede the successful development and introduction of new products on a consistent basis. Introduction of new technology may result in higher costs to the Company than that of the technology replaced. That increase in costs, which may continue indefinitely or until increased demand and greater availability in the sources of the new technology drive down its cost, could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. Market acceptance of the new products introduced in recent years and scheduled for introduction in future years may not meet sales expectations due to various factors, such as the failure to accurately predict market demand, end-user preferences, evolving industry standards, or the emergence of new or disruptive technologies. Moreover, the ultimate success and profitability of the new products may depend on the Company s ability to resolve technical and technological challenges in a timely and cost-effective manner, and to achieve manufacturing efficiencies. The Company s investments in productive capacity and commitments to fund advertising and product promotions in connection with these new products could erode profits if those expectations are not met. 
 
 The pace of technological change continues to accelerate and the Company's ability to react effectively to such change may present significant competitive risks. 
 
 The Company's future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including its ability to (i) identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in its target end-markets; (ii) defend its market share against an ever-expanding number of competitors, including many new and non-traditional competitors; (iii) monitor disruptive technologies and business models; and (iv) attract, develop, and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise and understanding of customers needs to develop new technologies and introduce new products. 
 
 To remain competitive, the Company will need to stay abreast of new technologies, require its employees to continue to learn and adapt to new technologies and be able to integrate them into current and future business models, products, services and processes and also guard against existing and new competitors disrupting the marketplace using such technologies. For example, changing market trends, such as increased consumer demand for energy efficient products and technologies in response to climate change, require the Company to develop and adopt new innovations focused on electrification. The Company may not adequately meet these demands or develop and adapt to the applicable new technologies focused on electrification, which could adversely affect the Company s reputation and the consumer and customer demand for the Company s products. The failure of the Company's technologies or products to gain market acceptance due to more attractive offerings by its competitors or the failure to address any of the above factors could negatively impact revenues and adversely affect its competitive standing and prospects. 
 
 The Company has significant operations outside of the United States, which are subject to political, legal, economic and other risks arising from operating outside of the United States. 
 
 The Company generates a significant portion of its total revenue outside of the United States. Business operations outside of the United States are subject to political, economic and other risks inherent in operating in certain countries, such as: 
 
 the difficulty of enforcing agreements and protecting assets through legal systems outside the U.S. including intellectual property rights, which may not be recognized, and which the Company may not be able to protect outside the U.S. to the same extent as under U.S. law; 
 managing widespread operations and enforcing internal policies and procedures such as compliance with U.S. and foreign anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and sanctions regulations; 
 trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements including those related to the U.S.'s relationship with China; 
 the application of certain labor regulations outside of the United States; 
 compliance with a wide variety of non-U.S. laws and regulations; 
 instability or changes in the general political and economic conditions in the countries where the Company operates (such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine); 
 the threat of nationalization and expropriation; 
 increased costs and risks of doing business and managing a workforce in a wide variety of jurisdictions; 
 the increased possibility of cyber threats in certain jurisdictions; 
 government controls limiting importation of goods; 
 government controls limiting payments to suppliers for imported goods; 
 limitations on, or impacts from, the repatriation of foreign earnings; and 
 exposure to wage, price and capital controls. 
 
 14 

Changes in the political or economic environments in the countries in which the Company operates could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, the Company is subject to complex U.S., foreign and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations abroad, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Although the Company has implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs to deter prohibited practices, such measures may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. Any determination that the Company has violated anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws or sanctions regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. Compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to the Company s international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Violations of such laws and regulations may result in severe fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies or restrictions on business conduct, and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s reputation, its ability to attract and retain employees, its business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The continuing adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including new variants, could have a materially negative impact on the Company s business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, including new variants, and the responses of governments, consumers and other businesses have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the Company s business, financial condition, workforce and operations and the operations of its customers, distributors, suppliers and contractors. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to: 
 
 restrictions on the Company's access to its manufacturing facilities and on its support operations or workforce, and similar limitations for its distributors and suppliers; 
 shifts and volatility in consumer spending and purchasing behaviors (such as the higher than usual customer demand for the Company s products that occurred during the second half of 2020 and during 2021) that may hinder its ability to meet customer demand or may hinder its production capacity or supply chain; 
 disruptions in commerce, including with respect to financial and other economic activities, services, travel and supply chains, and impacts on third parties with which the Company does business, which has, and may in the future result in, disruptions in the Company's supply chain, the inability of customers or suppliers to meet their obligations to the Company, loss or disruption of essential manufacturing and supply elements, operational delays, and increases in the cost of freight and labor; 
 modifications to the Company s business practices, including with respect to employee travel, employee work locations, restrictions on in-person meetings and events, and government-mandated vaccine protocols or policies; 
 deteriorating economic conditions, such as economic slowdowns or recessions or significant disruptions or volatility in financial markets; and 
 delays or modifications to the Company's strategic plans and other initiatives, including as a result of temporary and permanent cost-reduction measures such as adjustments to its supply chain and manufacturing labor base to match the demand environment or reductions in staffing, compensation and benefits, both of which the Company implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and may continue or occur in the future. 
 
 The degree to which COVID-19 and related responses continue to affect the Company s business, liquidity, results and operations will depend on future developments, which continue to be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. These uncertainties, include, but are not limited to, the duration of the outbreak, the severity of any resurgence in cases, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact and the availability and effectiveness of vaccines and other treatments. 
 
 Any future global and national health concerns could lead to further and/or increased volatility in global capital and credit markets. A sustained downturn in customer demand or other economic conditions could result in material charges related to bad debt or inventory write-offs, restructuring charges, or impairments of long-lived assets, including both tangible and intangible assets. Furthermore, a sustained downturn in financial markets and asset values could adversely affect the Company s cost of capital, liquidity and access to capital markets, in addition to potentially increasing its pension funding obligations to ensure its pension plans continue to be adequately funded. 
 
 The Company s success depends on its ability to improve productivity and streamline operations to control or reduce costs. 
 
 The Company is committed to continuous productivity improvement and evaluating opportunities to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and eliminate excess capacity. The Company has undertaken restructuring and cost-reduction actions, the savings of which may be mitigated by many factors, including economic weakness, inflation, competitive pressures, higher labor costs and decisions to increase costs in areas such as sales promotion or research and development above levels that were otherwise assumed. 
 15 

In the third quarter of 2022, the Company initiated a supply chain transformation aiming to improve fill rates and better match the needs of its customers, while improving gross margins. This transformation will involve significant investment from the Company over the next two to three years, and the success and anticipated cost savings from this transformation are not assured. Failure to achieve, or delays in achieving, projected levels of efficiencies and cost savings from this transformation and other restructuring or cost reduction actions introduced by the Company, significant increases in the costs related to such actions, or unanticipated inefficiencies resulting from this transformation and other manufacturing and administrative reorganization actions in progress or contemplated, could adversely affect the anticipated cost savings. 
 
 A material disruption of the Company's operations, particularly at its manufacturing facilities or within its information technology infrastructure, could adversely affect business. 
 
 The Company's facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to natural disasters or other disruptions, including hurricanes and floods, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, equipment failures, sabotage, cyber incidents, any potential effects of climate change and adverse weather conditions, labor disputes, critical supply failure, inaccurate downtime forecast, political disruption, public health crises, like a regional or global pandemic, and other reasons, which can result in undesirable consequences, including financial losses and damaged relationships with customers. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, the Company's supply chain, distribution channels, production facilities, operations and customer demand, which has negatively impacted its operations and adversely affected its business and could continue to do so. The Company employs information technology systems and networks to support the business and relies on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to its information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events, including disruptions at its cloud computing, server, systems and other third party IT service providers, could interfere with its operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact its reputation. 
 
 The development of technology products and services presents security and safety risks. 
 
 An increasing number of the Company's products, services, and technologies are delivered with Internet of Things (IoT) capabilities and the accompanying interconnected device networks, which include sensors, data and advanced computing capabilities. The Company has developed product software designs that it believes are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, but despite these efforts, if products and services that include IoT solutions do not work as intended or are compromised, the possible consequences include financial loss, reputational damage, exposure to legal claims or enforcement actions, theft of intellectual property, and diminution in the value of the Company's investment in research, development and engineering, which in turn could adversely affect its competitiveness and results of operations. 
 
 Industry and Economic Risks 
 
 The Company s results of operations could be negatively impacted by inflationary or deflationary economic conditions which could affect the ability to obtain raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods in a timely and cost-effective manner, as well as lead to changes in interest rate environments which impact its cost of funds, the general strength of the economy and demand for its products in the market. 
 
 The Company s products are manufactured using both ferrous and non-ferrous metals including, but not limited to, steel, zinc, copper, brass, aluminum, and nickel. Additionally, the Company uses other commodity-based materials for components and packaging including, but not limited to, plastics, resins, wood and corrugated products. The Company s cost base also reflects significant elements for freight, energy and labor. The Company also sources certain finished goods directly from vendors. If the Company is unable to mitigate inflationary increases through various customer pricing actions and cost reduction initiatives, its profitability may be adversely affected. 
 
 Conversely, in the event there is deflation, the Company may experience pressure from its customers to reduce prices, and there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to reduce its cost base (through negotiations with suppliers or other measures) to offset any such price concessions which could adversely impact results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Further, as a result of inflationary or deflationary economic conditions, the Company believes it is possible that a limited number of suppliers may either cease operations or require additional financial assistance from the Company in order to fulfill their obligations. In a limited number of circumstances, the magnitude of the Company s purchases of certain items is of such significance that a change in established relationships with suppliers or increase in the costs of purchased raw materials, component parts or finished goods could result in manufacturing interruptions, delays, inefficiencies or an inability to market 
 16 

products. Changes in value-added tax rebates, currently available to the Company or to its suppliers, could also increase the costs of the Company s manufactured products, as well as purchased products and components, and could adversely affect the Company s results. 
 
 In addition, many of the Company s products incorporate battery technology. As the world moves towards a lower-carbon economy and as other industries begin to adopt similar battery technology for use in their products or increase their current consumption of battery technology, the increased demand could place capacity constraints on the Company s supply chain. In addition, increased demand for battery technology may also increase the costs to the Company for both the battery cells as well as the underlying raw materials such as cobalt and lithium, among others. If the Company is unable to mitigate any possible supply constraints or related increased costs or drive alternative technology through innovation, its profitably and financial results could be negatively impacted. 
 
 Uncertainty about the financial stability of economies outside the U.S. could have a significant adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company generates approximately 37 of its revenues outside the U.S., including 15 from Europe and 12 from various emerging market countries. Each of the Company s segments generates sales in these marketplaces. While the Company believes any downturn in the European or emerging marketplaces might be offset to some degree by the relative stability in North America, the Company s future growth, profitability and financial liquidity could be affected, in several ways, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 depressed consumer and business confidence may decrease demand for products and services; 
 customers may implement cost reduction initiatives or delay purchases to address inventory levels; 
 significant declines of foreign currency values in countries where the Company operates could impact both the revenue growth and overall profitability in those geographies; 
 a devaluation of foreign currencies could have an effect on the credit worthiness (as well as the availability of funds) of customers in those regions impacting the collectability of receivables; 
 a devaluation of foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of financial assets of the Company in the effected countries; and 
 the impact of an event or changes to political and economic conditions (individual country default, Brexit, or break up of the Euro) could have an adverse impact on the global credit markets and global liquidity potentially impacting the Company s ability to access these credit markets and to raise capital or disrupt global energy supply or supply chains. 
 
 The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could negatively impact profitability. 
 
 The Company manufactures and sells its products in many countries throughout the world. As a result, there is exposure to foreign currency risk as the Company enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. The Company s predominant currency exposures are related to the Euro, Canadian Dollar, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Chinese Renminbi RMB and the Taiwan Dollar. In preparing its financial statements, for foreign operations with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar, asset and liability accounts are translated at current exchange rates, while income and expenses are translated using average exchange rates. With respect to the effects on translated earnings, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to local currencies, the Company s earnings could be negatively impacted. Although the Company utilizes risk management tools, including hedging, as it deems appropriate, to mitigate a portion of potential market fluctuations in foreign currencies, there can be no assurance that such measures will result in all market fluctuation exposure being eliminated. The Company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-U.S. dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries but may choose to do so in certain instances. 
 
 The Company sources many products from China and other low-cost countries for resale in other regions. To the extent the RMB or other currencies appreciate, the Company may experience cost increases on such purchases. The Company may not be successful at implementing customer pricing or other actions in an effort to mitigate the related cost increases and thus its profitability may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Financing Risks 
 
 The Company has incurred, and may incur in the future, significant indebtedness, and may in the future issue additional equity or debt securities, including in connection with mergers or acquisitions, which may impact the manner in which it conducts business or the Company s access to external sources of liquidity. The potential issuance of such securities may limit the Company s ability to implement elements of its business strategy and may have a dilutive effect on earnings. 
 17 

As described in Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 , the Company has a five-year 2.5 billion committed credit facility, a 1.5 billion syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement, and a 0.5 billion revolving credit loan. No amounts were outstanding against any of these facilities on December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 7.5 billion of indebtedness, including 5.4 billion of principal and 2.1 billion of commercial paper borrowings. 
 
 The instruments and agreements governing certain of the Company s current indebtedness contain requirements or restrictive covenants that include, among other things: 
 
 a limitation on creating liens on certain property of the Company and its subsidiaries; 
 a restriction on entering into certain sale-leaseback transactions; 
 customary events of default, including repayment of all amounts outstanding in the event of the occurrence and continuance of an event of default; and 
 maintenance of a specified financial ratio. 
 
 Specifically, the Company has an interest coverage covenant that must be maintained to permit continued access to its committed revolving credit facilities. The interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization to adjusted Interest Expense ("Adjusted EBITDA"/"Adjusted Interest Expense"); such adjustments to interest or EBITDA include, but are not limited to, removal of non-cash interest expense and stock-based compensation expense. During 2022, the interest coverage ratio must not be less than 3.5 times and is computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis. Under this covenant definition, the interest coverage ratio was 8.6 times EBITDA or higher in each of the 2022 quarterly measurement periods. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company entered into amendments to its credit facilities described above to: (a) amend the definition of Adjusted EBITDA to allow for additional adjustment addbacks, not to exceed 500 million in the aggregate, for amounts incurred during each four fiscal quarter period beginning with the period ending in the third quarter of 2023 through the period ending in the second quarter of 2024, and (b) amend the minimum interest coverage ratio to not less than 1.5 to 1.0 times computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis, for the period from and including the third quarter of 2023 through the second quarter of 2024. The minimum interest coverage ratio will revert back to 3.5 times for periods after the second quarter of 2024. Management does not believe it is reasonably likely the Company will breach this covenant. Failure to maintain these ratios could adversely affect further access to liquidity. 
 
 Future instruments and agreements governing indebtedness may impose other restrictive conditions or covenants. Such covenants could restrict the Company in the manner in which it conducts business and operations as well as in the pursuit of its business strategy. 
 
 The Company is exposed to counterparty risk in its hedging arrangements. 
 
 From time to time, the Company enters into arrangements with financial institutions to hedge exposure to fluctuations in currency and interest rates, including forward contracts, options and swap agreements. The Company may incur significant losses from hedging activities due to factors such as demand volatility. The failure of one or more counterparties to the Company s hedging arrangements to fulfill their obligations could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 
 
 Tight capital and credit markets or the failure to maintain credit ratings could adversely affect the Company by limiting the Company s ability to borrow or otherwise access liquidity. 
 
 The Company s long-term growth plans are dependent on, among other things, the availability of funding to support corporate initiatives and the ability to increase sales of existing product lines. While the Company has not encountered financing difficulties to date, the capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption in the past (including in connection with COVID-19) and may again in the future. Market conditions could make it more difficult for the Company to borrow or otherwise obtain the cash required for significant new corporate initiatives. 
 
 Furthermore, there could be a number of follow-on effects from a credit crisis on the Company s businesses, including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays; inability of customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of the Company s products and services and/or customer insolvencies. 
 
 In addition, the major rating agencies regularly evaluate the Company for purposes of assigning credit ratings. The Company s ability to access the credit markets, and the cost of these borrowings, is affected by the strength of its credit ratings and current 
 18 

market conditions. Failure to maintain credit ratings that are acceptable to investors may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which the Company is able to obtain financing, as well as its access to the capital markets. 
 
 Discontinuation, reform or replacement of the London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other benchmark rates, or uncertainty related to the potential for any of the foregoing, may adversely affect the Company. 
 
 Certain of the Company s contracts and derivative financial instruments use short-term prevailing interest rates, including LIBOR, as a reference rate. In March 2021, UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after December 31, 2021. Banks currently reporting information used to set U.S. dollar LIBOR are presently expected to stop doing so by mid-2023. In addition, other regulators have suggested reforming or replacing other benchmark rates. These may be replaced by the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or other benchmark rates over the next several years. The discontinuation, reform or replacement of LIBOR or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets. These changes, and related uncertainty as to the nature of such potential discontinuation, reform or replacement may create incremental uncertainty in obtaining financing or increase the cost of borrowing. At this time, the Company cannot predict the overall effect of the modification or discontinuation of LIBOR or the establishment of alternative benchmark rates. 
 
 The Company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable. 
 
 The Company s outstanding trade receivables are not generally covered by collateral or credit insurance. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its trade and non-trade receivables, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and operating results. 
 
 If the Company were required to write-down all or part of its goodwill, indefinite-lived trade names, or other definite-lived intangible assets, its net income and net worth could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 As a result of the Black and Decker merger and other acquisitions, the Company has approximately 8.5 billion of goodwill, approximately 2.5 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and approximately 2.0 billion of net definite-lived intangible assets on December 31, 2022. The Company is required to periodically, at least annually, determine if its goodwill or indefinite-lived trade names have become impaired, in which case it would write down the impaired portion of the asset. The definite-lived intangible assets, including customer relationships, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are evaluated for impairment when appropriate. Impairment of intangible assets may be triggered by developments outside of the Company s control, such as worsening economic conditions, technological change, intensified competition or other factors, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If the investments in employee benefit plans do not perform as expected, the Company may have to contribute additional amounts to these plans, which would otherwise be available to cover operating expenses or other business purposes. 
 
 The Company sponsors pension and other post-retirement defined benefit plans. The Company s defined benefit plan assets are currently invested in equity securities, government and corporate bonds and other fixed income securities, money market instruments and insurance contracts. The Company s funding policy is generally to contribute amounts determined annually on an actuarial basis to provide for current and future benefits in accordance with applicable law which require, among other things, that the Company make cash contributions to under-funded pension plans. During 2022, the Company made cash contributions to its defined benefit plans of approximately 32 million and expects to contribute 37 million to its defined benefit plans in 2023. 
 
 There can be no assurance that the value of the defined benefit plan assets, or the investment returns on those plan assets, will be sufficient in the future. It is therefore possible that the Company may be required to make higher cash contributions to the plans in future years which would reduce the cash available for other business purposes, and that the Company will have to recognize a significant pension liability adjustment which would decrease the net assets of the Company and result in higher expense in future years. The fair value of the defined benefit plan assets on December 31, 2022 was approximately 1.8 billion. 

Legal, Tax, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 The Company s brands are important assets of its businesses and violation of its trademark rights by imitators, or the failure of its licensees or vendors to comply with the Company s product quality, manufacturing requirements, marketing 
 19 

standards, and other requirements could negatively impact revenues and brand reputation. Any inability to protect the Company's other intellectual property rights could also reduce the value of its products and services or diminish its competitiveness. 
 
 The Company considers its intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, and licenses held, to be a significant part and valuable aspect of its business. The Company attempts to protect its intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing agreements and third-party nondisclosure and assignment agreements. 
 
 The Company s trademarks have a reputation for quality and value and are important to the Company's success and competitive position. Unauthorized use of the Company s trademark rights may not only erode sales of the Company s products, but may also cause significant damage to its brand name and reputation, interfere with its ability to effectively represent the Company to its customers, contractors, suppliers, and/or licensees, and increase litigation costs. Similarly, failure by licensees or vendors to adhere to the Company s standards of quality and other contractual requirements could result in loss of revenue, increased litigation, and/or damage to the Company s reputation and business. There can be no assurance that the Company s ongoing efforts to protect its brand and trademark rights and ensure compliance with its licensing and vendor agreements will prevent all violations. 
 
 In addition, the Company's ability to compete could be negatively impacted by its failure to obtain and adequately protect its intellectual property and preserve its associated intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and licenses, as well as its products and any new features of its products or processes. The Company's patent applications may not be approved and any patents owned could be challenged, invalidated or designed around by third parties. In addition, the Company's patents may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact the Company's reputation and results of operations. 
 
 Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to 
 information technology ("IT") systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers, including cloud providers. While the Company has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, none of them to date have been material to the Company. The Company deploys measures which align to industry accepted frameworks to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate these threats. The Company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security and data privacy measures in order to protect its systems and data, including employee training, organizational investments, incident response plans, table top exercises and technical defenses. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing these measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. 
 
 Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents (against the Company or parties with whom the Company contracts), depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (the Company's or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident and its effects include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines levied by the Federal Trade Commission or other government agencies, diminution in the value of the Company's investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect its competitiveness and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, cybersecurity laws and regulations continue to evolve, and are increasingly demanding, both in the U.S. and globally, which adds compliance complexity and may increase costs of compliance and expose the Company to reputational damage or litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or fines in one or more jurisdictions. While the Company carries cyber insurance, it cannot be certain that coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to the Company on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 
 
 The report, rumor or assumption regarding a potential breach may have similar results, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The Company is exposed to risks related to compliance with data privacy laws. 
 20 

To conduct its operations, the Company regularly moves data across national borders, and consequently is subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the United States and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. The scope of the laws that may be applicable to the Company is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of European Union law and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, including the public disclosure of significant data breaches. Similarly, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which became effective in January 2020, provided, among other things, a new private right of action for data breaches, required companies that process information on California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use and sharing practices, and provided consumers with additional rights. The California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, which became effective on January 1, 2023, amends and expands the CCPA, creating new industry requirements, consumer privacy rights and enforcement mechanisms. Virginia and Colorado have also passed robust privacy laws that come into effect on January 1, 2023 and July 1, 2023, respectively. The Company's reputation and brand and its ability to attract new customers could also be adversely impacted if the Company fails, or is perceived to have failed, to properly respond to security breaches of its or third party s information technology systems. Such failure to properly respond could also result in similar exposure to liability. 
 
 Additionally, other countries have enacted or are enacting data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. In many cases, these laws and regulations apply not only to transfers between unrelated third parties but also to transfers between the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. Privacy laws that may be implemented in the future, and court decisions impacting activities across borders, including the Schrems II decision invalidating the EU - U.S. Privacy Shield, will continue to require changes to certain business practices, thereby increasing costs, or may result in negative publicity, require significant management time and attention, and may subject the Company to remedies that may harm its business, including fines or demands or orders that the Company modify or cease existing business practices. 
 
 Significant judgment and certain estimates are required in determining the Company s worldwide provision for income taxes. Future tax law changes and audit results may materially increase the Company s prospective income tax expense. 
 
 The Company is subject to income taxation in the U.S. as well as numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the Company s worldwide income tax provision and accordingly there are many transactions and computations for which the final income tax determination is uncertain. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. The Company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most currently available information, which involves inherent uncertainty. The Company is routinely audited by income tax authorities in many tax jurisdictions. Although management believes the recorded tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate outcome of any audit (or related litigation) could differ materially from amounts reflected in the Company s income tax accruals. Additionally, the global income tax provision can be materially impacted due to foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar since a significant amount of the Company s earnings are generated outside the United States. Lastly, it is possible that future income tax legislation, including the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD Global Minimum Tax, may be enacted that could have a material impact on the Company s worldwide income tax provision, cash tax liability, and effective tax rate beginning with the period that such legislation becomes enacted. The OECD Global Minimum Tax is expected to require multi-national corporations with revenue in excess of 750 million to pay an effective tax rate of at least 15 in each jurisdiction in which they operate effective with the 2024 tax year. 
 
 Climate change and climate change legislation or regulations may adversely affect the Company's business. 
 
 The effects of climate change, such as severe weather, including droughts and water scarcity, could impact the Company s business, disrupt the Company s operations by impacting the availability and costs of materials needed for manufacturing and increase insurance and other operating costs. There may be operational risk due to the significant impact climate change could pose to employees lives, the Company s supply chain, or electrical power availability from climate-related weather events. The Company also faces risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as its ability to successfully adopt new technology, meet market-driven demands for carbon neutral and renewable energy technology, or to comply with more stringent and increasingly complex environmental regulations or requirements for the Company's manufacturing facilities and business operations, increased prices related to freight and shipping costs and other permitting requirements. 
 
 There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in more international, regional and/or federal requirements or other stakeholder expectations that could mandate more restrictive or expansive standards, more prescriptive reporting of environmental, social and governance metrics than the voluntary commitments the Company adopted, or require 
 21 

related changes on a more accelerated time frame than the Company anticipates. A number of governmental bodies have finalized, proposed or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes in response to the potential effect of climate change. Such legislation or regulation has and potentially could include provisions for a cap and trade system of allowances and credits or a carbon tax or require increased measurement of metrics and disclosure, among other provisions. The Company currently purchases renewable energy certificates RECs to mitigate the potential impact of carbon tax and is also assessing expanding its use of solar panels as an alternative energy source. If carbon tax legislation is changed or adopted, the Company may not be able to mitigate the future impact of carbon tax through the purchase of RECs and the use of solar panels or other measures. The Company may also face reputational risks and risks to the Company's investor confidence and market share if the Company is unable to make progress on the Company's voluntary environmental goals or is unable to keep apace with the progress made by the Company's peers. If environmental laws or regulations are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements on the Company, they may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, access to credit, capital expenditures, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The Company s failure to continue to successfully avoid, manage, defend, litigate and accrue for claims and litigation could negatively impact its results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 The Company is exposed to and becomes involved in various litigation matters arising out of the ordinary routine conduct of its business, including, from time to time, actual or threatened litigation relating to such items as commercial transactions, product liability, workers compensation, arrangements between the Company and its distributors, franchisees or vendors, intellectual property claims and regulatory actions. 
 
 In addition, the Company is subject to environmental laws in each jurisdiction in which business is conducted. Some of the Company s products incorporate substances that are regulated in some jurisdictions in which it conducts manufacturing operations. The Company has been, and could be in the future, subject to liability if it does not comply with these regulations. In addition, the Company is currently being, and may in the future be, held responsible for remedial investigations and clean-up costs resulting from the discharge of hazardous substances into the environment, including sites that have never been owned or operated by the Company but at which it has been identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws and regulations. Changes in environmental and other laws and regulations in both domestic and foreign jurisdictions could adversely affect the Company s operations due to increased costs of compliance and potential liability for non-compliance. 
 
 The Company manufactures products and performs various services that create exposure to product and professional liability claims and litigation. The failure of the Company s products and services to be properly manufactured, configured, installed, designed or delivered, resulting in personal injuries, property damage or business interruption could subject the Company to claims for damages. The Company has and is currently defending product liability claims, some of which have resulted in settlements or monetary judgments against the Company. The costs associated with defending ongoing or future product liability claims and payment of damages could be substantial. The Company s reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful. 
 
 There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to continue to successfully avoid, manage and defend such matters. In addition, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures, actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the Company s estimates for such contingent liabilities. 
 
 The Company s products could be recalled. 
 
 The Company maintains an awareness of and responsibility for the potential health and safety impacts on its customers. The Company's product development processes include tollgates for product safety review, and extensive testing is conducted on product safety. Safety reviews are performed at various product development milestones, including a review of product labeling and marking to ensure safety and operational hazards are identified for the customer. 
 
 Despite safety and quality reviews, the Consumer Product Safety Commission or other applicable regulatory bodies may require, or the Company may voluntarily institute, the recall, repair or replacement of the Company s products if those products are found not to be in compliance with applicable standards or regulations. A recall could increase the Company's costs and adversely impact its reputation. 
 
 The Company s sales to government customers exposes it to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations, procurement regulations, governmental policy shifts, early termination of contracts, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties. 
 
 22 

The Company derives a portion of its revenues from contracts with the U.S. government, state and local governments and foreign governments. Government contractors must comply with specific procurement regulations and other requirements. These requirements, although customary in government contracts, could impact the Company s performance and compliance costs, including limiting or delaying the Company s ability to share information with its business partners, customers and investors, which may negatively impact the Company s business and reputation. 
 
 The U.S. government may demand contract terms that are less favorable than standard arrangements with private sector customers and may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with the Company. For example, the U.S. government may have contract clauses that permit it to terminate any of the Company s government contracts and subcontracts at its convenience, and procurement regulations permit termination for default based on the Company s performance. In addition, changes in U.S. government budgetary priorities could lead to changes in the procurement environment, affecting availability of government contracting or funding opportunities. Changes in government procurement policy, priorities, regulations, technology initiatives and requirements, and/or contract award criteria may negatively impact the Company s potential for growth in the government sector. Changes in government cybersecurity and system requirements could negatively impact the Company s eligibility for the award of future contracts, negatively impacting the Company s business and reputation. 
 
 Government contracts laws and regulations impose certain risks, and government contracts are generally subject to audits, investigations and approval of policies, procedures and internal controls for compliance with procurement regulations and applicable law. If violations of law are found, they could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business. Each of these factors could negatively impact the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation. 
 
 Other Risks 
 
 The Company s results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations. 
 
 The Company s results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations. The Company may provide public guidance on expected results of operations for future periods. This guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in this Form 10-K and in the Company s other public filings and public statements, and is based necessarily on assumptions the Company makes at the time it provides such guidance. The Company s guidance may not always be accurate. The Company may also choose to withdraw guidan c e, as it did in response to the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, or lower guidance in future periods. If, in the future, the Company s results of operations for a particular period do not meet its guidance or the expectations of investment analysts, the Company reduces its guidance for future periods, or the Company withdraws guidance, the market price of the Company s common stock could decline significantly. 
 
 If the Company is unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, the accuracy and timeliness of its financial reporting may be adversely affected , which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and the trading price of its common stock. 
 
 As a public company, the Company is required to design and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that the Company evaluate and determine the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal control over financial reporting, which must be attested to by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. If the Company is unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, its ability to record, process and report financial information timely and accurately could be adversely affected, which could subject the Company to litigation or investigations, require management resources, increase costs, negatively affect investor confidence and adversely impact its stock price. 
 
 Subsequent to the filing of its 2020 Form 10-K, the Company received comments from the SEC Staff regarding its accounting for equity units issued in May 2017 and November 2019 (the Equity Units ). Upon further reflection of the comments received by the Staff and the nature of the Equity Units, the Company determined that errors were made in its original accounting conclusions resulting from material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting for such instruments. During the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company successfully completed the testing necessary to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. If in the future the Company s internal control over financial reporting is determined to be not effective, resulting in a material weakness, investor perceptions regarding the reliability of the Company s financial statements may be adversely affected which could cause a decline in the market price of its stock and otherwise negatively affect the Company s financial condition. 
 23 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries owned or leased significant facilities used for manufacturing, distribution and sales offices in 21 states and 22 countries. The Company leases its corporate headquarters in New Britain, Connecticut. The Company has 121 facilities including its corporate headquarters that are larger than 100,000 square feet, as follows: Owned Leased Total Tools Outdoor 52 44 96 Industrial 15 7 22 Corporate 2 1 3 Total 69 52 121 
 The combined size of these facilities is approximately 34 million square feet. The buildings are in good condition, suitable for their intended use, adequate to support the Company s operations, and generally fully utilized. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 As previously disclosed, the Company has identified that certain expenses it incurred in previous years constituted undisclosed perquisites. The Company has voluntarily disclosed this information to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and is cooperating with the SEC s investigation of this matter. 
 Also, the Company has identified certain transactions relating to its international operations that may raise compliance questions under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and has voluntarily disclosed this information to the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ and the SEC. The Company is cooperating with both agencies in their investigations. 
 The Company is committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and is continuously focused on ensuring the effectiveness of its policies, procedures, and controls. The Company is in the process, with the assistance of professional advisors, of reviewing and further enhancing relevant policies, procedures, and controls. 
 Currently, the Company does not believe that these matters will have a material impact on its financial condition or results of operations, although it is possible that a loss related to these matters may be incurred. Given the ongoing nature of these matters, management cannot predict the duration, scope, or outcome of the SEC s and DOJ s investigations or estimate the potential magnitude of any such loss or range of loss, or the cost of the ongoing investigations. Any determination that the Company s expense and perquisite reporting practices were not in compliance with existing laws or regulations or that certain transactions relating to the Company s international operations were not in compliance with the FCPA could result in the imposition of fines, civil or criminal penalties, equitable remedies, including disgorgement, injunctive relief, or other sanctions against the Company. The Company also may become a party to litigation or other legal proceedings over these matters. 
 In addition to the matters above, in the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various lawsuits and claims, including product liability, environmental, intellectual property, contract and commercial, advertising, employment and distributor claims, and administrative proceedings. The Company does not expect that the resolution of these matters occurring in the normal course of business will have a materially adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. NYSE under the abbreviated ticker symbol SWK , and is a component of the Standard Poor s S P 500 Composite Stock Price Index. The Company increased its annual dividend per common share by 0.20 in 2022 compared to 2021 and intends to continue to pay quarterly dividends in 2023. In July 2022, the Company raised the quarterly dividend per common share, its 55th consecutive increase, which extended its record for the longest, consecutive quarterly and annual dividend payments among industrial companies. As of February 1, 2023, there were 8,519 holders of record of the Company s common stock. Information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K concerning securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans can be found under Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of equity securities that are registered by the Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 2022 Total Number Of Common Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid Per Common Share Total Number Of Common Shares Purchased As Part Of A Publicly Announced Plan or Program (In Millions) 
 Maximum Number Of Common Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under The Program 
 (b) 
 October 2 - November 5 2,824 76.43 20 November 6 - December 3 15,211 81.85 20 December 4 - December 31 36,412 79.20 20 Total 54,447 79.79 20 
 
 (a) Shares of common stock in this column were deemed surrendered to the Company by participants in various benefit plans of the Company to satisfy the participants taxes related to vesting or delivery of time-vesting restricted share units under those plans. 
 (b) On April 21, 2022, the Board approved a share repurchase program of up to 20 million shares of the Company s common stock (the April 2022 Program ). The April 2022 Program does not have an expiration date. The Company may repurchase shares under the April 2022 Program through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or share repurchase programs, including one or more accelerated share repurchase programs (under which an initial payment for the entire repurchase amount may be made at the inception of the program). Such repurchases may be funded from cash on hand, short-term borrowings or other sources of cash at the Company s discretion, and the Company is under no obligation to repurchase any shares pursuant to the repurchase program. The currently authorized shares available for repurchase under the April 2022 Program do not include approximately 3.6 million shares reserved and authorized for purchase under the Company s approved repurchase program in place prior to the April 2022 Program relating to a forward share purchase contract entered into in March 2015. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following line graph compares the yearly percentage change in the Company s cumulative total shareholder return for the last five years to that of the S P 500 Index, S P 500 Capital Goods Index and S P 500 Industrials Index. Following the recent portfolio transformation, the Company has elected to replace the S P 500 Industrials Index with the S P 500 Capital Goods Index which it believes is a more appropriate comparison. The S P 500 Capital Goods Index represents a more focused group of 45 companies across major industrial manufacturing categories that carry similar operational characteristics to the Company. 
 25 

THE POINTS IN THE ABOVE TABLE ARE AS FOLLOWS: 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Stanley Black Decker 100.00 71.32 101.54 111.32 119.46 49.06 S P 500 Index 100.00 94.79 126.03 148.81 191.48 156.77 S P 500 Capital Goods Index 100.00 83.26 110.83 117.67 139.93 139.55 S P 500 Industrials Index 100.00 96.19 128.70 158.11 202.22 162.96 
 The comparison assumes 100 invested at the closing price on December 30, 2017 in the Company s common stock, S P 500 Index, S P 500 Capital Goods Index, and S P 500 Industrials Index. Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends. 
 
 26 

ITEM 6. REMOVED AND RESERVED 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The financial and business analysis below provides information which the Company believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. This financial and business analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes. All references to Notes in this Item 7 refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following discussion and certain other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain statements reflecting the Company s views about its future performance that constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industry and markets in which the Company operates as well as management s beliefs and assumptions. Any statements contained herein (including without limitation statements to the effect that the Company or its management believes, expects, anticipates, plans and similar expressions) that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, without limitation, those set forth, or incorporated by reference, below under the heading Cautionary Statements Under The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act Of 1995. The Company does not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Strategic Objectives 
 The Company continues to execute a business strategy that involves organic growth in excess of the market and industry, geographic and customer diversification to foster sustainable revenue, earnings and cash flow growth over the long term. Over the past two years, the Company has focused the portfolio on its leading positions in the Tools Outdoor and Industrial businesses. Leveraging the benefits of a more focused portfolio, the Company initiated a business transformation that includes reinvestment for faster growth as well as a 2.0 billion Global Cost Reduction Program through 2025. The Company s primary areas of strategic focus are as follows: 
 Continuing to advance innovation, electrification and global market penetration to achieve organic revenue growth of 2 to 3 times the market; 
 Streamlining and simplifying the organization, as well as shifting resources to prioritize investments believed to have a positive and more direct impact to customers; 
 Accelerating the operations and supply chain transformation to improve fill rates and better match the needs of its customers while improving adjusted gross margins back to historical 35 + levels; and 
 Prioritizing cash flow generation and inventory optimization. 
 The Company also remains focused on leveraging its SBD Operating Model to deliver success. The latest evolution of the SBD Operating Model builds on the strength of the Company's past while embracing changes in the external environment to ensure the Company has the right skillsets, incorporates technology advances in all areas, maintains operational excellence, drives efficiency in business processes and resiliency into its culture, delivers extreme innovation and ensures the customer experience is world class. The SBD Operating Model underpins the Company's ability to deliver above-market organic growth with margin expansion, maintain efficient levels of selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG A") and deliver top-quartile asset efficiency. 
 The Company's business transformation is intended to drive strong financial performance over the long term, including: 
 Organic revenue growth at 2 to 3 times the market; 
 35 + adjusted gross margins; 
 Free cash flow equal to, or exceeding, net income; and 
 Cash Flow Return On Investment ("CFROI") between 12-15 . 

27 

In terms of capital allocation, the Company remains committed, over time, to returning excess capital to shareholders through a strong and growing dividend as well as opportunistically repurchasing shares. In the near term, the Company intends to direct any capital in excess of the quarterly dividend on its common share toward debt reduction and internal investments. Share Repurchases And Other Securities 
 During the first quarter of 2022, the Company repurchased 12,645,371 shares of its common stock for approximately 2.3 billion through a combination of an accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") and open market share repurchases. The ASR terms provided for an initial delivery of 85 of the total notional share equivalent at execution, or 10,756,770 shares. The final delivery of the remaining shares totaling 3,211,317 under the ASR was completed during the second quarter of 2022. 
 Refer to Note J, Capital Stock , for further discussion. 
 In addition, on April 23, 2021, the Board of Directors approved repurchases by the Company of its outstanding securities, other than its common stock up to an aggregate amount of 3.0 billion. No repurchases have been executed pursuant to this authorization to date. 
 
 Divestitures 
 On August 19, 2022, the Company sold its Oil Gas business comprised of the pipeline services and equipment businesses to Pipeline Technique Limited. 
 On July 22, 2022, the Company sold its Convergent Security Solutions ("CSS") business comprised of the commercial electronic security and healthcare businesses to Securitas AB for net proceeds of 3.1 billion. 
 On July 5, 2022, the Company sold its Mechanical Access Solutions ("MAS") business comprised of the automatic doors business to Allegion plc for net proceeds of 922.2 million. 
 Proceeds from the sale of these businesses were used to repay borrowings made in the first quarter of 2022 to fund the Company's share repurchase program previously discussed. The use of proceeds to support a share repurchase program is consistent with the Company's long-term capital allocation strategy. 
 The Company has also divested several smaller businesses in recent years that allowed the Company to invest in other areas that fit into its long-term strategy. 
 Refer to Note T, Divestitures, for further discussion of the Company's divestitures. 
 Acquisitions and Investments 
 On December 1, 2021, the Company acquired the remaining 80 percent ownership stake in MTD Holdings Inc. ("MTD"), a privately held global designer, manufacturer and distributor of lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, hand-held outdoor power equipment and garden tools for both residential and professional consumers under well-known brands like CUB CADET and TROY-BILT . The Company previously acquired a 20 percent interest in MTD in January 2019. 
 On November 12, 2021, the Company acquired Excel Industries ("Excel"), a leading designer and manufacturer of premium commercial and residential turf-care equipment under the HUSTLER brand. This was a strategically important bolt-on acquisition that bolstered the Company's presence in the independent dealer network. 
 The combination of MTD, Excel and the Company's existing outdoor strategic business unit in Tools Outdoor created a global leader in the 25 billion and growing outdoor category, with strong brands and growth opportunities. As part of the integration of these businesses into the Tools Outdoor segment, the Company designed, developed and manufactured battery and electric-powered solutions for professional and residential users. This positioned the combined businesses to be a leader in outdoor power equipment as preferences shift from gas powered equipment toward electrified solutions. 
 On February 24, 2020, the Company acquired Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC ("CAM"), an industry-leading manufacturer of specialty fasteners and components for the aerospace and defense markets. The acquisition further diversified the Company's presence in the industrial markets and expanded its portfolio of specialty fasteners in the aerospace and defense markets. 
 Refer to Note E, Acquisitions and Investments, for further discussion. 
 
 Global Cost Reduction Program 
 During 2022, the Company advanced a series of initiatives designed to generate cost savings by resizing the organization and reducing inventory with the ultimate objective of driving long-term growth, improving profitability and generating strong cash flow. These initiatives are expected to optimize the cost base as well as provide a platform to fund investments to accelerate growth in the core businesses. The Company realized approximately 200 million of pre-tax savings during the second half of 
 28 

2022 from its leaner organizational structure, as well as enhanced cost controls, and believes that it remains on track to generate additional pre-tax savings of approximately 1 billion by the end of 2023 and grow to approximately 2 billion by 2025 from these initiatives. In addition, the Company reduced inventory by 775 million during the second half of 2022 and expects further inventory and working capital reductions to support free cash flow generation in 2023. 
 
 The program consists of an SG A reduction of 500 million and a supply chain transformation expected to deliver 1.5 billion of cumulative cost savings to achieve projected 35 + adjusted gross margins. The 500 million in SG A savings is expected to be generated by simplifying the corporate structure, optimizing organizational spans and layers and reducing indirect spend and is expected to be achieved by the end of 2023. These savings are intended to fund 300 million to 500 million of innovation and commercial investments over the next three years to accelerate organic growth. The charges associated with the SG A savings are reflected in the 2022 acquisition-related and other charges detailed below. 
 
 The supply chain transformation consists of: 
 Leveraging strategic sourcing and contract manufacturing; 
 Consolidating facilities and optimizing the distribution network; 
 Executing the SBD Operating Model to deliver operational excellence through efficiency, simplified organizational design and inventory optimization; and 
 Platforming products and implementing initiatives to drive a SKU reduction. 
 The cash investment required over the next two to three years to achieve the 1.5 billion of cumulative supply chain cost savings is expected to be approximately 0.9 billion to 1.0 billion, of which approximately 40 is expected to be capital expenditures. The Company will continue prioritizing capital expenditures consistent with its existing approach and expects total capital expenditures, inclusive of the supply chain transformation, to approximate 3.0 to 3.5 of net sales annually. 
 
 Driving Further Profitable Growth by Fully Leveraging the Company's Core Franchises 
 
 Each of the Company's franchises share common attributes: they have world-class brands and attractive growth characteristics, they are scalable and defensible, they can differentiate through innovation, and they are powered by the SBD Operating Model. 
 The Tools Outdoor business is the tool company to own, with strong brands, proven innovation, global scale, and a broad offering of power tools, hand tools, outdoor products, accessories, and storage and digital products across many channels in both developed and developing markets. 
 The Engineered Fastening business within the Industrial segment is a highly profitable, GDP+ growth business offering highly engineered, value-added innovative solutions with recurring revenue attributes and global scale. 
 Management recognizes that the core franchises described above are important foundations that have a proven track record of providing strong cash flow and growth prospects. Management is committed to growing these businesses through accelerating investments into innovative product development, brand support, commercial activation, and accelerating the operations and supply chain transformation to improve fill rates and better serve the Company's customers, while improving global cost competitiveness. 
 Continuing to Invest in the Stanley Black Decker Brands 
 The Company has a strong portfolio of brands associated with high-quality products including STANLEY , BLACK+DECKER , DEWALT , FLEXVOLT , IRWIN , LENOX , CRAFTSMAN , PORTER-CABLE , BOSTITCH , PROTO , MAC TOOLS , FACOM , Powers , LISTA , Vidmar , GQ and through the 2021 acquisitions of MTD and Excel added CUB CADET , TROY-BILT and HUSTLER in the Americas. Among the Company's most valuable assets, STANLEY , BLACK+DECKER , DEWALT , and CUB CADET are recognized as four of the world's great brands, while CRAFTSMAN is recognized as a premier American brand. 
 
 During 2022, the National Collegiate Athletic Association sponsorship delivered DEWALT to an estimated 269+ million viewers through TV-visible branding at 25 colleges and universities across five Division 1 conferences (Atlantic Coast Conference, Big Ten, Big 12, Pac-12 and Mountain West). 
 
 The Company also announced its Official Tools Partner of NASCAR and Official Tools" of all NASCAR-owned and operated tracks and announced that CRAFTSMAN would return as the title sponsor of the NASCAR CRAFTSMAN Truck Series starting in 2023. 
 
 29 

The CRAFTSMAN brand continued to have prominent signage in Major League Baseball ("MLB") with six team partnerships in the league. The Company has also maintained long-standing NASCAR and NHRA racing sponsorships, which provided brand exposure during nearly 60 events in 2022 with the DEWALT , CRAFTSMAN , and MAC TOOLS brands. 
 
 In 2022, the McLaren team sported the DEWALT logo prominently on the team s cars, fire suits, and equipment during the Formula 1 season. The Company also advertises in the English Premier League, which is the number one soccer league in the world, featuring STANLEY , BLACK+DECKER and DEWALT brands to a global audience. The Company continued its sponsorship of one of the world s most popular football clubs, FC Barcelona ("FCB"), sponsoring both the Men s and Women s first teams, which includes team and player image rights, hospitality assets and stadium signage. 
 
 The above marketing initiatives highlight the Company's strong emphasis on brand building and commercial support, which has resulted in more than 300 billion global brand impressions from digital and traditional advertising and strong brand awareness. Allocating brand and advertising spend judiciously will continue to be the Company s focus. Among the goals: placing end-user data and insights at the core of product commercialization, generating demand and brand loyalty through promotional support, in-market execution and salesforce effectiveness, evolving proven marketing programs that tie trusted global brands with societal purpose and tapping into technologies to build meaningful 1:1 experiences with customers, consumers, employees and shareholders in line with the Company s mission and vision. 
 The SBD Operating Model 
 Over the past 15 years, the Company has successfully leveraged its proven and continually evolving operating model to focus the organization to target asset efficiency, above-market organic growth and expanding operating margins. In its first evolution, the Stanley Fulfillment System ("SFS") focused on streamlining operations, which helped reduce lead times, realize synergies during acquisition integrations, and mitigate material and energy price inflation. In 2015, the Company launched a refreshed and revitalized SFS operating system, entitled SFS 2.0, to drive from a more programmatic growth mentality to a true organic growth culture by more deeply embedding breakthrough innovation and commercial excellence into its businesses, and at the same time, becoming a significantly more digitally-enabled enterprise. The latest evolution occurred in 2020, when the Company launched the SBD Operating Model, which recognized the changing dynamics of the world in which the Company operates, including the acceleration of technological change, geopolitical instability and the changing nature of work. 
 
 At the center of the model is the concept of the interrelationship between people and technology. The remaining four categories are focused on: Innovation; Operations Excellence; Functional Excellence; and Extraordinary Customer Experience. Each of these elements co-exists synergistically with the others in a systems-based approach. 
 
 The Company has made a significant commitment to the SBD Operating Model and management believes that its success will be characterized by asset efficiency, organic revenue growth 2 to 3 times the market in the long-term as well as expanded adjusted operating margin rates over the next 3 to 5 years as the Company leverages the growth and pursues structural cost reductions. 

Segments 
 The Company s operations are classified into two reportable business segments: Tools Outdoor and Industrial. 
 Tools Outdoor 
 The Tools Outdoor segment is comprised of the Power Tools Group ("PTG"), Hand Tools, Accessories Storage ("HTAS"), and Outdoor Power Equipment ("Outdoor") businesses. 
 The PTG business includes both professional and consumer products. Professional products include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, and concrete and masonry anchors. Consumer products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the BLACK+DECKER brand, and home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances. 
 The HTAS business sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. Hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. Power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. Storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products. 
 30 

The Outdoor business primarily sells corded and cordless electric lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, pressure washers and related accessories, and gas powered lawn and garden products, including lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, utility terrain vehicles (UTVs), hand-held outdoor power equipment, garden tools, and parts and accessories to professionals and consumers under the DEWALT , CUB CADET , BLACK+DECKER , CRAFTSMAN , TROY-BILT , and HUSTLER brand names. 
 Industrial 
 The Industrial segment is comprised of the Engineered Fastening and Infrastructure businesses. 
 The Engineered Fastening business primarily sells highly engineered components such as fasteners, fittings and various engineered products, which are designed for specific application across multiple verticals. The product lines include externally threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, and couplings. 
 The Infrastructure business sells hydraulic tools and high quality, performance-driven heavy equipment attachment tools for off-highway applications. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The Company s results represent continuing operations and as a result of the divestitures of the Company s CSS and MAS businesses, as described in further detail under the heading Divestitures in this Item 7 above, exclude the commercial electronic security, healthcare, and automatic doors businesses. These divestitures represent a single plan to exit the Security segment and are considered a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results. Therefore, the operating results of these businesses have been classified as discontinued operations. The divestiture of the Oil Gas business did not qualify for discontinued operations and therefore, its results are included in the Company's continuing operations within the Industrial segment for all periods presented through the date of sale in the third quarter of 2022. 
 Certain Items Impacting Earnings and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company has provided a discussion of its results both inclusive and exclusive of acquisition-related and other charges. The results and measures, including gross profit, SG A, Other, net, and segment profit (including Corporate Overhead), on a basis excluding acquisition-related and other charges, free cash flow, CFROI and organic growth are Non-GAAP financial measures. The Company considers the use of Non-GAAP financial measures relevant to aid analysis and understanding of the Company s results and business trends aside from the material impact of these items and ensures appropriate comparability to operating results of prior periods. Supplemental Non-GAAP information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures presented herein may differ from similar measures used by other companies. 
 
 With the exception of forecasted free cash flow included in 2023 Outlook as discussed below, the Non-GAAP financial measures of gross profit, SG A, Other, net, and segment profit (including Corporate Overhead), presented on a basis excluding acquisition-related and other charges, as well as free cash flow and organic growth are defined and reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures below. Due to high variability and difficulty in predicting items that impact cash flow from operations, a reconciliation of forecasted free cash flow to its most directly comparable GAAP estimate has been omitted. The Company believes such a reconciliation would also imply a degree of precision that is inappropriate for this forward-looking measure. 
 
 The Company s operating results at the consolidated level as discussed below include and exclude acquisition-related and other charges impacting gross profit, SG A, and Other, net. The Company s business segment results as discussed below include and exclude acquisition-related and other charges impacting gross profit and SG A. The acquisition-related and other charges amounts for the year-to-date periods of 2022, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 
 31 

2022 GAAP Acquisition- 
 Related Charges Other 
 Non-GAAP Gross profit 4,284.1 127.4 4,411.5 Selling, general and administrative 1 
 3,370.0 (180.3) 3,189.7 Operating profit 914.1 307.7 1,221.8 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest 37.9 642.2 680.1 Income taxes on continuing operations (132.4) 84.0 (48.4) Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted 165.5 558.2 723.7 Diluted earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations 1.06 3.56 4.62 1 Includes provision for credit losses 
 
 The Acquisition-Related Charges and Other in the table above relate to the following: 
 
 Charges reducing Gross profit primarily pertaining to inventory step-up charges; 
 Charges in SG A primarily related to integration-related costs and a voluntary retirement program; 
 Other charges included in Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest consisting of: 
 16.9 million in Other, net primarily related to a voluntary retirement program and deal costs; 
 8.4 million net loss relating to the sale of the Oil Gas business; 
 168.4 million asset impairment charge related to the Oil Gas business; and 
 140.8 million of restructuring charges primarily pertaining to severance and related costs; and 
 Income taxes on continuing operations include the tax effect on the above net charges. 
 
 2021 
 GAAP Acquisition- 
 Related Charges Other 
 Non-GAAP Gross profit 5,092.2 39.0 5,131.2 Selling, general and administrative 1 
 3,193.1 (183.6) 3,009.5 Operating profit 1,899.1 222.6 2,121.7 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest 1,586.9 193.9 1,780.8 Income taxes on continuing operations 55.1 64.1 119.2 Share of net earnings of equity method investment 19.0 11.2 30.2 Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted 1,539.6 141.0 1,680.6 Diluted earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations 9.33 0.85 10.18 1 Includes provision for credit losses 
 
 The Acquisition-Related Charges and Other in the table above relate to the following: 
 
 Charges reducing Gross profit pertaining to inventory step-up charges and facility-related costs; 
 Charges in SG A primarily related to a non-cash fair-value adjustment and functional transformation initiatives; 
 Other charges included in Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest consisting of: 
 24.2 million in Other, net primarily related to deal transaction costs; 
 0.6 million net loss pertaining to divested businesses; 
 14.5 million of restructuring charges pertaining to severance and facility closures; and 
 68.0 million gain recognized on the MTD equity method investment upon acquisition; 
 Income taxes on continuing operations include the tax effect on the above net charges; and 
 An after-tax, pre-acquisition charge related to the Company's share of MTD's net earnings related primarily to a one-time retroactive duty on imports of a specific component. 

32 

2020 
 GAAP Acquisition- 
 Related Charges Other 
 Non-GAAP Gross profit 4,318.1 59.0 4,377.1 Selling, general and administrative 1 
 2,579.3 (114.8) 2,464.5 Operating profit 1,738.8 173.8 1,912.6 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest 1,183.7 313.5 1,497.2 Income taxes on continuing operations 38.0 189.6 227.6 Share of net earnings of equity method investment 9.1 9.8 18.9 Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted 1,131.5 145.8 1,277.3 Diluted earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations 6.97 0.82 7.79 1 Includes provision for credit losses 
 
 The Acquisition-Related Charges and Other in the table above relate to the following: 
 
 Charges reducing Gross profit pertaining to inventory step-up charges, a cost reduction program and facility-related costs; 
 Charges in SG A primarily for a cost reduction program and margin resiliency initiatives; 
 Other charges included in Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest consisting of: 
 5.8 million in Other, net primarily related to a cost reduction program, loss on interest rate swaps in connection with the extinguishment of debt, and deal transactions costs, partially offset by a release of a contingent consideration liability relating to the CAM acquisition; 
 13.5 million net loss pertaining to divested businesses; 
 73.5 million of restructuring charges pertaining to severance and facility closures; and 
 46.9 million charge related to a loss on the extinguishment of debt; 
 Income taxes on continuing operations include the tax effect on the above net charges, as well as a one-time tax benefit of 118.8 million associated with a supply chain reorganization; and 
 An after-tax, pre-acquisition charge related to the Company's share of MTD's net earnings related primarily to restructuring charges. 
 
 Below is a summary of the Company s operating results at the consolidated level, followed by an overview of business segment performance. Organic growth is utilized to describe the Company's results excluding the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions during their initial 12 months of ownership, and divestitures. 
 Consolidated Results 
 
 Net Sales: Net sales were 16.947 billion in 2022 compared to 15.281 billion in 2021, representing an increase of 11 driven by a 7 increase in price and a 17 increase from acquisitions, partially offset by a 10 decrease in volume and a 3 decrease from foreign currency. Tools Outdoor net sales increased 13 compared to 2021 due to a 7 increase in price and a 21 increase from acquisitions, partially offset by a 12 decrease in volume and a 3 decrease from foreign currency. Industrial net sales increased 2 compared to 2021 primarily due to a 1 increase in volume and an 8 increase in price, partially offset by a 5 decrease from foreign currency and a 2 decrease from the Oil Gas divestiture. 
 
 Net sales were 15.281 billion in 2021 compared to 12.750 billion in 2020, representing an increase of 20 with organic growth of 17 , driven by a 14 increase in volume and 3 increase in price, 2 increases from both acquisitions and foreign currency, partially offset by a 1 decrease from divestitures. Tools Storage net sales increased 24 compared to 2020 due to a 17 increase in volume, a 3 increase in price and 2 increases from both acquisitions and foreign currency. Industrial net sales increased 5 compared to 2020 primarily due to a 2 increase in volume, a 1 increase in price, and 1 increases from both acquisitions and foreign currency. 
 
 Gross Profit: The Company reported gross profit of 4.284 billion, or 25.3 of net sales, in 2022 compared to 5.092 billion, or 33.3 of net sales, in 2021. Acquisition-related and other charges, which reduced gross profit, were 127.4 million in 2022 and 39.0 million in 2021. Excluding these charges, gross profit was 26.0 of net sales in 2022 compared to 33.6 in 2021, as 
 33 

price realization was more than offset by commodity inflation, higher supply chain costs, including the impact of planned production curtailments, and lower volume. 
 
 The Company reported gross profit of 5.092 billion, or 33.3 of net sales, in 2021 compared to 4.318 billion, or 33.9 of net sales, in 2020. Acquisition-related and other charges, which reduced gross profit, were 39.0 million in 2021 and 59.0 million in 2020. Excluding these charges, gross profit was 33.6 of net sales in 2021 compared to 34.3 in 2020, as higher volume, productivity, price realization, and mix benefits from innovation were more than offset primarily by commodity inflation and higher supply chain costs to serve demand. 
 
 SG A Expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses, inclusive of the provision for credit losses, were 3.370 billion, or 19.9 of net sales, in 2022 compared to 3.193 billion, or 20.9 of net sales, in 2021. Within SG A, acquisition-related and other charges totaled 180.3 million in 2022 and 183.6 million in 2021. Excluding these charges, SG A was 18.8 of net sales in 2022 compared to 19.7 in 2021 due to the successful implementation of cost control actions. 
 
 SG A expenses were 3.193 billion, or 20.9 of net sales, in 2021 compared to 2.579 billion, or 20.2 of net sales, in 2020. Within SG A, acquisition-related and other charges totaled 183.6 million in 2021 and 114.8 million in 2020. Excluding these charges, SG A was 19.7 of net sales in 2021 compared to 19.3 in 2020, reflecting growth investments deployed across the businesses in 2021. 
 
 Distribution center costs (i.e. warehousing and fulfillment facility and associated labor costs) are classified within SG A. This classification may differ from other companies who may report such expenses within cost of sales. Due to diversity in practice, to the extent the classification of these distribution costs differs from other companies, the Company s gross margins may not be comparable. Such distribution costs classified in SG A amounted to 498.7 million, 416.1 million and 346.9 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Other, net: Other, net totaled 274.8 million, 189.5 million, and 215.7 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Excluding acquisition-related and other charges, Other, net totaled 257.9 million, 165.3 million, and 209.9 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to higher intangible asset amortization due to the MTD and Excel acquisitions and appreciation of investments in 2021. The year-over-year decrease in 2021 was primarily due to appreciation of investments. 
 
 Loss on Sales of Businesses: During 2022, the Company reported an 8.4 million net loss primarily related to the divestiture of the Oil Gas business. During 2021, the Company reported a 0.6 million net loss on divestitures. During 2020, the Company reported a 13.5 million net loss primarily relating to the sale of a product line within Oil Gas. 
 
 Gain on equity method investment: Upon the acquisition of MTD in the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a 68.0 million gain on its previously held equity method investment. Refer to Note E, Acquisitions and Investments , for further discussion. 
 
 Asset Impairment Charge : During 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss of 168.4 million related to the Oil Gas business. Refer to Footnote T, Divestitures , for additional information on the divestiture of the Oil Gas business. 
 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment: During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company extinguished 1.154 billion of its notes payable and recognized a 46.9 million loss primarily due to a make-whole premium payment. 
 
 Interest, net: Net interest expense in 2022 was 283.8 million compared to 175.6 million in 2021 and 205.2 million in 2020. The 2022 increase was primarily driven by higher U.S. interest rates and higher average balances relating to the Company's commercial paper borrowings, as well as the 1.0 billion issuance of debt in the first quarter of 2022, partially offset by higher interest income due to an increase in rates. The decrease in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily driven by lower U.S. interest rates on commercial paper borrowings and lower interest expense related to the extinguishment of notes payable in the fourth quarter of 2020, partially offset by lower interest income due to a decline in rates. 
 
 Income Taxes : The Company's effective tax rate on continuing operations was (349.3) in 2022, 3.5 in 2021, and 3.2 in 2020. Excluding the impact of acquisition-related and other charges, the effective tax rate in 2022 on continuing operations was (7.1) . This effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to the continued reorganization of the supply chain, tax on foreign earnings at tax rates different than the U.S. tax rate, and the recognition of previously unrecognized foreign deferred tax assets, offset by U.S. tax on foreign earnings and the remeasurement of uncertain tax position reserves. 
 
 34 

Excluding the impact of acquisition-related and other charges, the effective tax rate on continuing operations in 2021 was 6.7 . This effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to a benefit associated with the Company's supply chain reorganization, tax on foreign earnings, the remeasurement of uncertain tax position reserves, the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to foreign corporate income tax rate changes, and the tax benefit of equity-based compensation. 
 
 Excluding the one-time tax benefit of 118.8 million recorded in 2020 to reverse a deferred tax liability previously established related to certain unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries not permanently reinvested as a result of initiating a supply chain reorganization and the impact of acquisition-related and other charges, the effective tax rate on continuing operations in 2020 was 15.2 . This effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to tax on foreign earnings at tax rates different than the U.S. rate, the remeasurement of uncertain tax position reserves, the tax benefit of equity compensation, and tax benefits arising from an increase in deferred tax assets associated with the Company s supply chain reorganization and partial realignment of the Company's legal structure. 
 
 Business Segment Results 
 The Company s reportable segments represent businesses that have similar products, services and end markets, among other factors. The Company utilizes segment profit which is defined as net sales minus cost of sales and SG A inclusive of the provision for credit losses (aside from corporate overhead expense), and segment profit as a percentage of net sales to assess the profitability of each segment. 
 The Company s operations are classified into two reportable business segments: Tools Outdoor and Industrial. 
 Tools Outdoor: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 14,424 12,817 10,330 Segment profit 972 1,985 1,820 of Net sales 6.7 15.5 17.6 
 Tools Outdoor net sales increased 1.606 billion, or 13 , in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a 7 increase in price and a 21 increase from acquisitions, partially offset by a 12 decrease in volume and a 3 decrease from foreign currency. The overall 5 organic decline was a result of lower consumer and DIY market demand. Organic revenue in emerging markets increased 1 and declined in both Europe and North America by 6 . 
 
 Segment profit amounted to 971.9 million, or 6.7 of net sales, in 2022 compared to 1,985.4 million, or 15.5 of net sales, in 2021. Excluding acquisition-related and other charges of 235.4 million and 178.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, segment profit amounted to 8.4 of net sales in 2022 compared to 16.9 in 2021, as the benefit from price realization was more than offset by commodity inflation, higher supply chain costs, production curtailment costs and lower volume. 
 
 Tools Outdoor net sales increased 2.488 billion, or 24 , in 2021 compared to 2020 due to a 17 increase in volume, a 3 increase in price and 2 increases from both acquisitions and foreign currency. The 20 organic growth was driven by stronger volumes due to the consumer reconnection with the home and garden, e-commerce and strong professional demand as well as price. 
 
 Segment profit amounted to 1.985 billion, or 15.5 of net sales, in 2021 compared to 1.820 billion, or 17.6 of net sales, in 2020. Excluding acquisition-related and other charges of 178.4 million and 46.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, segment profit amounted to 16.9 of net sales in 2021 compared to 18.1 in 2020, as volume and price benefits were more than offset by inflation, higher pandemic-related supply chain costs and growth investments. 
 Industrial: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 2,523 2,463 2,353 Segment profit 236 257 221 of Net sales 9.4 10.4 9.4 
 Industrial net sales increased 60.3 million, or 2 , in 2022 compared to 2021, due to a 1 increase in volume and an 8 increase in price, partially offset by a 5 decrease from foreign currency and a 2 decrease from the Oil Gas divestiture. Engineered Fastening organic revenues increased 7 driven by growth in the aerospace, automotive, and industrial markets. 
 35 

Infrastructure organic revenues were up 14 with Attachment Tools providing 17 growth, which was partially offset by an organic decline in Oil Gas, prior to its divestiture. 
 
 Segment profit totaled 236.2 million, or 9.4 of net sales, in 2022 compared to 256.6 million, or 10.4 of net sales, in 2021. Excluding acquisition-related and other charges of 7.8 million and 13.1 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, segment profit amounted to 9.7 of net sales in 2022 compared to 10.9 in 2021, as volume growth and price realization were more than offset by commodity inflation, higher supply chain costs and adverse mix. 
 
 Industrial net sales increased 110.4 million, or 5 , in 2021 compared to 2020, due to a 2 increase in volume, a 1 increase in price, and 1 increases from both acquisitions and foreign currency. Engineered Fastening organic revenues increased 5 for the full year, as general industrial growth and a strong first half in automotive more than offset the market-driven aerospace declines. Infrastructure organic revenues were down 1 as mid-teen growth in Attachment Tools was more than offset by lower pipeline activity in Oil Gas. 
 
 Segment profit totaled 256.6 million, or 10.4 of net sales, in 2021 compared to 220.6 million, or 9.4 of net sales, in 2020. Excluding acquisition-related and other charges of 13.1 million and 67.1 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, segment profit amounted to 10.9 of net sales in 2021 compared to 12.2 in 2020, as volume, price and productivity were more than offset by commodity inflation, growth investments and unfavorable mix. 
 
 Corporate Overhead Other 
 
 Corporate Overhead Other includes the results of the commercial electronic security business in five countries in Europe and emerging markets through its disposition in the fourth quarter of 2020 as well as the corporate overhead element of SG A, which is not allocated to the business segments. Corporate Overhead Other amounted to 294.0 million, 342.9 million, and 302.1 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Excluding acquisition-related and other charges, Corporate Overhead Other was 229.5 million, 311.8 million and 241.8 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The year-over-year decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to lower employee-related costs. The year-over-year increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by functional investments. 

36 

RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES 
 A summary of the restructuring reserve activity from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 is as follows: 
 (Millions of Dollars) January 1, 2022 Net Additions Usage Currency December 31, 2022 Severance and related costs 28.2 125.9 (98.7) 1.6 57.0 Facility closures and asset impairments 3.5 14.9 (13.2) 0.1 5.3 Total 31.7 140.8 (111.9) 1.7 62.3 
 
 During 2022, the Company recognized net restructuring charges of 141 million, primarily related to severance and related costs. The Company expects to achieve annual net cost savings of approximately 300 million by the end of 2023 related to the restructuring costs incurred during 2022. The majority of the 62 million of reserves remaining as of December 31, 2022 is expected to be utilized within the next twelve months. 
 
 During 2021, the Company recognized net restructuring charges of 15 million, primarily related to facility closures and asset impairments. The Company estimates that these actions resulted in net cost savings of approximately 24 million in 2022. 
 
 During 2020, the Company recognized net restructuring charges of 74 million, primarily related to severance costs associated with a cost reduction program announced in the second quarter of 2020. The Company estimates that these actions resulted in annual net cost savings of approximately 125 million in 2021. 
 
 Segments: The 141 million of net restructuring charges in 2022 includes: 81 million pertaining to the Tools Outdoor segment; 26 million pertaining to the Industrial segment; and 34 million pertaining to Corporate. 
 
 The anticipated annual net cost savings of approximately 300 million related to the 2022 restructuring actions include: 184 million in the Tools Outdoor segment; 36 million in the Industrial segment; and 80 million in Corporate. 
 
 2023 OUTLOOK 
 
 This outlook discussion is intended to provide broad insight into the Company's near-term earnings and cash flow generation prospects. The Company expects 2023 diluted earnings per share to approximate 1.65) to 0.85 on a GAAP basis 0.00 to 2.00 excluding acquisition-related and other charges). The band reflects the wider range of 2023 demand possibilities and destocking scenarios with an earnings per share loss expected in the first half of 2023 as the Company prioritizes free cash flow generation. Free cash flow is expected to approximate 0.5 billion to 1.0 billion, significantly ahead of net income, as the Company focuses on serving its customers while leveraging the SBD Operating Model to drive working capital efficiency. 
 
 The difference between 2023 diluted earnings per share outlook and the diluted earnings per share range, excluding charges, is approximately 1.15 to 1.65, consisting of acquisition-related charges and other charges primarily due to supply chain transformation under the Global Cost Reduction Program. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Liquidity, Sources and Uses of Capital: The Company s primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and available lines of credit under various credit facilities. 
 
 Operating Activities: Cash flows used in operations were 1.460 billion in 2022 compared to cash provided by operations of 663.1 million in 2021. The year-over-year decrease was mainly attributable to lower accounts payable balances, lower earnings from continuing operations, and higher inventory balances. During the second half of 2020 and during 2021, the Company experienced higher than historical customer demand and increased supply chain constraints, resulting in historically high inventory levels. As consumer and DIY demand softened in the second quarter of 2022, the Company s inventory levels peaked in the first half of the year. As previously discussed, the Company is focused on reducing inventory levels as evidenced by a decline of 775 million during the second half of 2022. 
 
 In 2021, cash flows provided by operations were 663.1 million compared to 2.022 billion in 2020. The year-over-year decrease was mainly attributable to higher inventory levels to meet anticipated demand within the Tools Outdoor segment, coupled with longer lead times related to the challenged global supply chain. 
 
 37 

Free Cash Flow and CFROI: Free cash flow, as defined in the table below, was an outflow of 1.990 billion in 2022 compared to inflows of 144 million and 1.674 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in free cash flow in 2022 was primarily due to the same factors discussed above in operating activities. The Company has implemented significant actions throughout 2022 to further reduce inventory and working capital, and support strong free cash flow generation in 2023. CFROI, one of the Company's long-term financial measures, is computed as cash from operations plus after-tax interest expense, divided by the two-point average of debt and equity. Management considers free cash flow and CFROI important indicators of its liquidity and capital efficiency, as well as its ability to fund future growth and provide dividends to shareowners, and is useful information for investors. Free cash flow and cash from operations used in CFROI do not include deductions for mandatory debt service, other borrowing activity, discretionary dividends on the Company s common and preferred stock and business acquisitions, among other items. 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (1,460) 663 2,022 Less: capital and software expenditures (530) (519) (348) Free cash flow (1,990) 144 1,674 
 Investing Activities: Cash flows provided by investing activities totaled 3.573 billion in 2022 primarily due to proceeds from the Security and Oil Gas divestitures, net of cash sold, of 4.147 billion, partially offset by capital and software expenditures of 530 million. 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities in 2021 totaled 2.624 billion, driven by business acquisitions of 2.044 billion, net of cash acquired, primarily related to the MTD and Excel acquisitions, and capital and software expenditures of 519 million. 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities in 2020 totaled 1.577 billion, driven by business acquisitions of 1.324 billion, net of cash acquired, primarily related to the CAM acquisition, and capital and software expenditures of 348 million. 
 
 Financing Activities: Cash flows used in financing activities totaled 1.971 billion in 2022 primarily driven by share repurchases of 2.323 billion, credit facility repayments of 2.5 billion, the redemption and conversion of preferred stock for 750 million, cash dividend payments on common stock of 466 million, and net repayments of short-term commercial paper borrowings of 138 million, partially offset by 2.5 billion from credit facility borrowings, net proceeds from debt issuances of 993 million and proceeds from the issuance of remarketed Series D Preferred Stock of 750 million. 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled 919 million in 2021 primarily driven by net short-term commercial paper borrowings of 2.225 billion and 131 million of proceeds from issuances of common stock, partially offset by the redemption and conversion of preferred stock for 750 million, cash dividend payments on common stock of 475 million, and 75 million related to the termination of interest rate swaps. 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled 616 million in 2020 primarily driven by net proceeds from debt issuances of 2.223 billion, proceeds from the issuance of the remarketed Series C Preferred Stock of 750 million and 147 million of proceeds from issuances of common stock, partially offset by payments on long-term debt of 1.154 billion, cash dividend payments of 432 million, net repayments of short-term commercial paper borrowings of 343 million, and a 250 million Craftsman deferred purchase price payment. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency rates negatively impacted cash by 32 million and 62 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against other currencies. Fluctuations in foreign currency rates positively impacted cash by 23 million in 2020 due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against other currencies. 
 
 Refer to Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements , and Note J, Capital Stock , for further discussion regarding the Company's debt and equity arrangements. 
 Credit Ratings and Liquidity: 
 The Company maintains strong investment grade credit ratings from the major U.S. rating agencies on its senior unsecured debt (S P A, Fitch BBB+, Moody's Baa2), as well as its commercial paper program (S P A-1, Fitch F2, Moody's P-2). Standard Poor's, Moody's Corporation ("Moody's") and Fitch changed the Company's outlook from "stable" to "negative" during 2022 and Moody s downgraded the Company's senior unsecured debt credit rating to Baa2 from the previous rating of Baa1 in the fourth quarter of 2022. In February 2023, Fitch downgraded the Company's senior unsecured debt credit rating to BBB+ from the previous rating of A-. Failure to maintain strong investment grade rating levels could adversely affect the Company s cost 
 38 

of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets, but would not have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to access its existing committed credit facilities. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 396 million as of December 31, 2022, which was primarily held in foreign jurisdictions. As of January 1, 2022, cash and cash equivalents totaled 142 million, which was primarily held in the U.S. 
 
 As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Act"), the Company's tax liability related to the one-time transition tax associated with unremitted foreign earnings and profits totaled 242 million at December 31, 2022. The Act permits a U.S. company to elect to pay the net tax liability interest-free over a period of up to eight years. See the Contractual Obligations table below for the estimated amounts due by period. The Company has considered the implications of paying the required one-time transition tax, and believes it will not have a material impact on its liquidity. 
 
 The Company has a 3.5 billion commercial paper program which includes Euro denominated borrowings in addition to U.S. Dollars. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company had commercial paper borrowings outstanding of 2.1 billion and 2.2 billion, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a five-year 2.5 billion committed credit facility (the 5-Year Credit Agreement ). Borrowings under the 5-Year Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars, Euros or Pounds Sterling. A sub-limit amount of 814.3 million is designated for swing line advances which may be drawn in Euros pursuant to the terms of the 5-Year Credit Agreement. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and specific terms of the 5-Year Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the 5-Year Credit Agreement by the earlier of September 8, 2026 or upon termination. The 5-Year Credit Agreement is designated to be a liquidity back-stop for the Company's 3.5 billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, the Company had not drawn on its five-year committed credit facility. 
 
 In September 2022, the Company terminated its 364-D ay 1.0 billion comm itted credit facility (the "364-Day Credit Agreement"), dated September 2021. There were no outstanding borrowings under the 364-Day Credit Agreement upon termination and as of January 1, 2022 . Contemporaneously, the Company entered into a 1.5 billion s yndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement (the Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement which is a revolving credit loan. Borrowings under the Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars or Euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of September 6, 2023 or upon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. The Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement serves as part of the liquidity back-stop for the Company s 3.5 billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not drawn on its Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement . 
 In September 2022, the Company terminated its second 364-Day 1.0 billion committed credit facility (the "Second 364-Day Credit A greement"), dated November 2021, and replaced it with a 0.5 billion revolving credit loan (the "Club 364-Day Credit Agreement"). There were no outstanding borrowings under the Second 364-Day Credit Agreement upon termination and as of January 1, 2022 . Borrowings under the Club 364-Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars and Euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the Club 364-Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the Club 364-Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of September 6, 2023 or u pon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the firs t anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not drawn on its Club 364-Day Credit Agreement . 
 In August 2022, the Company paid 2.5 billion to settle the outstanding amount of its third 364-Day committed credit facility (the "Third 364-Day Credit Agreement"), dated January 2022, usi ng proceeds from the sales of the Security and Oil Gas businesses and subsequently terminated the agreement. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Third 364-Day Credit Agreement upon terminatio n. The Company did not incur any termination penalties in connection with the termination. 
 In addition, the Company has other short-term lines of credit that are primarily uncommitted, with numerous banks, aggregating 282 million, of which approximately 192 million was available at December 31, 2022. The 90 million of the short-term credit lines was utilized primarily pertaining to outstanding letters of credit for which there are no required or reported debt balances. Short-term arrangements are reviewed annually for renewal. 
 
 39 

At December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of short-term and long-term committed and uncommitted lines of credit was approximately 4.8 billion. In addition, at December 31, 2022, 2.1 billion was recorded as short-term commercial paper borrowings. The weighted-average interest rates on U.S. dollar denominated short-term borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were 2.3 and 0.1 , respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on Euro denominated short-term borrowings for the year ended January 1, 2022 was negative 0.5 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had not drawn on its Euro denominated short-term borrowings. 
 The Company has an interest coverage covenant that must be maintained to permit continued access to its committed credit facilities described above. The interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization to adjusted Interest Expense ("Adjusted EBITDA"/"Adjusted Interest Expense"). In February 2023, the Company entered into amendments to its 5-Year Credit Agreement, Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement, and Club 364-Day Credit Agreement to: (a) amend the definition of Adjusted EBITDA to allow for additional adjustment addbacks, not to exceed 500 million in the aggregate, for amounts incurred during each four fiscal quarter period beginning with the period ending in the third quarter of 2023 through the period ending in the second quarter of 2024, and (b) amend the minimum interest coverage ratio from 3.5 times to not less than 1.5 to 1.0 times computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis, for the period from and including the third quarter of 2023 through the second quarter of 2024. The minimum interest coverage ratio will revert back to 3.5 times for periods after the second quarter of 2024. 
 In February 2022, the Company issued 500.0 million of senior unsecured term notes maturing February 24, 2025 ("2025 Term Notes") and 500.0 million of senior unsecured term notes maturing May 15, 2032 2032 Term Notes ). The 2025 Term Notes will accrue interest at a fixed rate of 2.3 per annum and the 2032 Term Notes at a fixed rate of 3.0 per annum, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt. The Company received total net proceeds from this offering of approximately 993 million, net of approximately 7 million of underwriting expenses and other fees associated with the transaction. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including repayment of indebtedness under the commercial paper facilities. 
 In November 2019, the Company issued 7,500,000 Equity Units with a total notional value of 750 million ("2019 Equity Units"). Each unit had a stated amount of 100 and initially consisted of a three-year forward stock purchase contract ("2022 Purchase Contracts") for the purchase of a variable number of shares of common stock, on November 15, 2022, for a price of 100 per share, and a 10 beneficial ownership interest in one share of 0 Series D Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share ("Series D Preferred Stock"). 
 
 In November 2022, the Company generated cash proceeds of 750 million from the successful remarketing of the Series D Preferred Stock (the "Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock"), as described more fully in Note J, Capital Stock . Upon completion of the remarketing, the holders of the 2019 Equity Units received 4,723,500 common shares and the Company issued 750,000 shares of Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock. Holders of the Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends, if declared by the Board of Directors, at an initial fixed rate equal to 7.5 per annum of the 1,000 per share liquidation preference (equivalent to 75.00 per annum per share). On November 15, 2022, the Company informed holders that it would redeem all outstanding shares of the Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock on December 22, 2022 (the Redemption Date at 1,007.71 per share in cash, which was equal to 100 of the liquidation preference of a share of Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the Redemption Date. In December 2022, the Company redeemed the Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock, paying 750 million in cash. 
 
 In March 2015, the Company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty for 3,645,510 shares of common stock. The contract obligates the Company to pay 350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. In November 2022, the Company amended the settlement date to November 2024, or earlier at the Company's option. 
 
 Refer to Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements , and Note J, Capital Stock , for further discussion regarding the Company's debt and equity arrangements. 
 40 

Contractual Obligations: The following table summarizes the Company s significant contractual and other obligations that impact its liquidity: Payments Due by Period 
 (Millions of Dollars) Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter Long-term debt (a) 5,405 1 502 552 4,350 Interest payments on long-term debt (b) 3,228 192 373 327 2,336 Short-term borrowings 2,103 2,103 Lease obligations 490 116 165 107 102 Inventory purchase commitments (c) 771 765 6 Deferred compensation 25 1 1 1 22 Marketing commitments 82 45 30 7 Forward stock purchase contract (d) 350 350 Pension funding obligations (e) 37 37 U.S. income tax (f) 242 65 175 2 Supplier agreements (g) 339 142 187 10 Derivatives (h) 16 16 Total contractual cash obligations 13,088 3,483 1,789 1,006 6,810 
 
 (a) Future payments on long-term debt encompass all payments related to aggregate debt maturities, excluding certain fair value adjustments included in long-term debt, as discussed further in Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements. 
 (b) Future interest payments on long-term debt reflect the applicable interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022 . 
 (c) Inventory purchase commitments primarily consist of open purchase orders to purchase raw materials, components, and sourced products. 
 (d) In March 2015, the Company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty which obligates the Company to pay 350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. In November 2022, the Company amended the settlement date to November 2024, or earlier at the Company's option. See Note J, Capital Stock, for further discussion. 
 (e) This amount principally represents contributions either required by regulations or laws or, with respect to unfunded plans, necessary to fund current benefits. The Company has not presented estimated pension and post-retirement funding beyond 2023 as funding can vary significantly from year to year based upon changes in the fair value of the plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and curtailment/settlement actions. 
 (f) Income tax liability for the one-time deemed repatriation tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits. 
 (g) Supplier agreements with long-term minimum material purchase requirements and freight forwarding arrangements. 
 (h) Future cash flows on derivative instruments reflect the fair value and accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. The ultimate cash flows on these instruments will differ, perhaps significantly, based on applicable market interest and foreign currency rates at their maturity. 
 
 To the extent the Company can reliably determine when payments will occur, the related amounts will be included in the table above. However, due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows associated with the contingent consideration liability related to the Craftsman acquisition and the unrecognized tax liabilities of 269 million and 552 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022, the Company is unable to make a reliable estimate of when (if at all) these amounts may be paid. Refer to Note M, Fair Value Measurements, and Note Q, Income Taxes, for further discussion. 
 
 Payments of the above contractual and other obligations (with the exception of payments related to debt principal, the forward stock purchase contract, and tax obligations) will typically generate a cash tax benefit such that the net cash outflow will be lower than the gross amounts summarized above. 
 
 Other Significant Commercial Commitments: Amount of Commitment Expirations Per Period 
 (Millions of Dollars) Total 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 Thereafter U.S. lines of credit 4,500 2,000 2,500 
 Short-term borrowings, long-term debt and lines of credit are explained in detail within Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements . 
 41 

MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is the potential economic loss that may result from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments, currencies, commodities and other items traded in global markets. The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, stock prices, bond prices and commodity prices, amongst others. 
 Exposure to foreign currency risk results because the Company, through its global businesses, enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. The Company s predominant currency exposures are related to the Euro, Canadian Dollar, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Chinese Renminbi and the Taiwan Dollar. Certain cross-currency trade flows arising from both trade and affiliate sales and purchases are consolidated and netted prior to obtaining risk protection through the use of various derivative financial instruments which may include: purchased basket options, purchased options, collars, cross-currency swaps and currency forwards. The Company is thus able to capitalize on its global positioning by taking advantage of naturally offsetting exposures and portfolio efficiencies to reduce the cost of purchasing derivative protection. At times, the Company also enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to reduce the earnings and cash flow impacts of non-functional currency denominated receivables and payables, primarily for affiliate transactions. Gains and losses from these hedging instruments offset the gains or losses on the underlying net exposures. Management determines the nature and extent of currency hedging activities, and in certain cases, may elect to allow certain currency exposures to remain un-hedged. The Company may also enter into cross-currency swaps and forward contracts to hedge the net investments in certain subsidiaries and better match the cash flows of operations to debt service requirements. Management estimates the foreign currency impact from its derivative financial instruments outstanding at the end of 2022 would have been an incremental pre-tax loss of approximately 32 million based on a hypothetical 10 adverse movement in all net derivative currency positions. The Company follows risk management policies in executing derivative financial instrument transactions, and does not use such instruments for speculative purposes. The Company generally does not hedge the translation of its non-U.S. dollar earnings in foreign subsidiaries, but may choose to do so in certain instances in future periods. 
 As mentioned above, the Company routinely has cross-border trade and affiliate flows that cause an impact on earnings from foreign exchange rate movements. The Company is also exposed to currency fluctuation volatility from the translation of foreign earnings into U.S. dollars and the economic impact of foreign currency volatility on monetary assets held in foreign currencies. It is more difficult to quantify the transactional effects from currency fluctuations than the translational effects. Aside from the use of derivative instruments, which may be used to mitigate some of the exposure, transactional effects can potentially be influenced by actions the Company may take. For example, if an exposure occurs from a European entity sourcing product from a U.S. supplier it may be possible to change to a European supplier. Management estimates the combined translational and transactional impact, on pre-tax earnings, of a 10 overall movement in exchange rates is approximately 244 million, or approximately 1.23 per diluted share. In 2022, translational and transactional foreign currency fluctuations negatively impacted pre-tax earnings from continuing operations by approximately 144 million, or approximately 0.73 per diluted share. 
 The Company s exposure to interest rate risk results from its outstanding debt and derivative obligations, short-term investments, and derivative financial instruments employed in the management of its debt portfolio. The debt portfolio including both trade and affiliate debt, is managed to achieve capital structure targets and reduce the overall cost of borrowing by leveraging, as appropriate, a combination of fixed and floating rate debt as well as interest rate swaps, and cross-currency swaps. 
 The Company s primary exposure to interest rate risk comes from its commercial paper program in which the pricing is partially based on short-term U.S. interest rates. At December 31, 2022, the impact of a hypothetical 10 increase in the interest rates associated with the Company s outstanding commercial paper borrowings would have been an incremental pre-tax loss of approximately 10 million. 
 The Company has exposure to commodity prices in many businesses, particularly brass, nickel, resin, aluminum, copper, zinc, steel, and energy used in the production of finished goods. Generally, commodity price exposures are not hedged with derivative financial instruments, but instead are actively managed through customer product and service pricing actions, procurement-driven cost reduction initiatives and other productivity improvement projects. 
 The Company has 95.6 million of liabilities as of December 31, 2022 pertaining to unfunded defined contribution plans for certain U.S. employees for which there is mark-to-market exposure. 
 The assets held by the Company s defined benefit plans are exposed to fluctuations in the market value of securities, primarily global stocks and fixed-income securities. The Company employs diversified asset allocations to help mitigate this risk. The Company's investment strategy for pension assets focuses on a liability-matching approach with gradual de-risking taking place over a period of many years to effectively manage portfolio risk. The Company utilizes the current funded status to transition the portfolio toward investments that better match the duration and cash flow attributes of the underlying liabilities. In 2022, 
 42 

investment losses resulted in a decrease of 560 million to pension plan assets. In 2021 and 2020, investment returns on pension plan assets resulted in increases of 81 million and 280 million, respectively. The funded status percentage (total plan assets divided by total projected benefit obligation) of all global pension plans was 87 in both 2022 and 2021 and 80 in 2020. The overall funded position remained consistent in 2022 compared to 2021 as the actual investment losses on pension plan assets during the year were offset by decreases in the benefit plan obligations primarily driven by increases in the discount rate. These factors will both negatively impact net periodic benefit expense in 2023. The Company expects funding obligations on its defined benefit plans to be approximately 37 million in 2023. Management has worked to minimize this exposure by freezing and terminating defined benefit plans where appropriate. Refer to Note L, Employee Benefit Plans, for further discussion regarding the Company's pension plans. 
 The Company has access to financial resources and borrowing capabilities around the world. There are no inst ruments within the debt structure that would accelerate payment requirements solely due to a change in credit rating. 
 The Company s existing credit facilities and sources of liquidity, including expected operating cash flows, are considered more than adequate to conduct business as normal. The Company believes that its strong financial position, expected operating cash flows, committed long-term credit facilities and borrowing capacity, and ability to access equity markets, provide the financial flexibility necessary to continue its record of annual dividend payments, to invest in the routine needs of its businesses, and to fund other initiatives encompassed by its business strategy and maintain its strong investment grade credit ratings. 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") As detailed in Note L, Employee Benefit Plans , the Company has an ESOP under which the ongoing U.S. Core and 401(k) defined contribution plans have been funded. Overall ESOP expense was affected by the market value of the Company s stock on the monthly dates when shares were released, among other factors. The Company s net ESOP activity resulted in expense of 61.1 million, 59.1 million, and 4.4 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. U.S. de fined contribution retirement plan expense increased in 2021 as all remaining unallocated shares in the ESOP were released in the first quarter of 2020. In addition, employer contributions to the plan were suspended for the last three quarters of 2020. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are described in Note A, Significant Accounting Policies . Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the Consolidated Financial Statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters with inherent uncertainty. The most significant areas involving management estimates are described below. Actual results in these areas could differ from management s estimates. 
 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS The Company acquires businesses in purchase transactions that result in the recognition of goodwill and intangible assets. The determination of the value of intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 350-20, Goodwill , acquired goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are subject to impairment testing at least annually or when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not an impairment exists. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized and are tested for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Goodwill represents costs in excess of fair values assigned to the underlying net assets of acquired businesses. At December 31, 2022, the Company reported 8.503 billion of goodwill, 2.516 billion of indefinite-lived trade names and 1.959 billion of net definite-lived intangibles. 
 Management tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment as defined in ASC 280, Segment Reporting , or one level below an operating segment (component level) as determined by the availability of discrete financial information that is regularly reviewed by operating segment management or an aggregate of component levels of an operating segment having similar economic characteristics. If the carrying value of a reporting unit (including the value of goodwill) is greater than its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded for the amount that the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeded its fair value. 
 As required by the Company s policy, goodwill was tested for impairment in the third quarter of 2022. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2011-08, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Goodwill for Impairment , companies are permitted to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Impairment tests are completed separately with respect to the goodwill of each of the Company s reporting units. For its annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2022, the Company applied a 
 43 

quantitative test for all of its reporting units using a discounted cash flow valuation model. Based on the results of the Company s annual impairment testing, it was determined that the fair value of each of its reporting units is in excess of its carrying amount. 
 With respect to the quantitative tests, the key assumptions applied to the cash flow projections were discount rates, which ranged from 9.5 to 10.0 , near-term revenue growth rates over the next six years, which represented cumulative annual growth rates ranging from approximately 5 to 6 , and perpetual growth rates of 3 . These assumptions contemplated business, market and overall economic conditions. Based on the results of this testing, the Company determined that the fair value for each of the reporting units exceeded its carrying amount in excess of 25 . Furthermore, management performed sensitivity analyses on the estimated fair values from the discounted cash flow valuation models utilizing more conservative assumptions that reflect reasonably likely future changes in the discount rate and perpetual growth rate. The discount rate was increased by 100 basis points with no impairment indicated. The perpetual growth rate was decreased by 150 basis points with no impairment indicated. 
 The Company also tested its indefinite-lived trade names for impairment during the third quarter of 2022 utilizing a discounted cash flow model. The key assumptions used included discount rates, royalty rates, and perpetual growth rates applied to the projected sales. The Company determined that the fair values of its indefinite-lived trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts. 
 In the event that future operating results of any of the Company's reporting units or indefinite-lived trade names do not meet current expectations, management, based upon conditions at the time, would consider taking restructuring or other strategic actions, as necessary, to maximize revenue growth and profitability. A thorough analysis of all the facts and circumstances existi ng at that time would need to be performed to determine if recording an impairment loss would be appropriate. 
 DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS The valuation of pension and other postretirement benefits costs and obligations is dependent on various assumptions. These assumptions, which are updated annually, include discount rates, expected return on plan assets, future salary increase rates, and health care cost trend rates. The Company considers current market conditions, including interest rates, to establish these assumptions. Discount rates are developed considering the yields available on high-quality fixed income investments with maturities corresponding to the duration of the related benefit obligations. The Company s weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at December 31, 2022 for the United States and international pension plans were 5.36 and 4.70 , respectively. The Company s weighted-average discount rates used to determine benefit obligations at January 1, 2022 for the United States and international pension plans were 2.80 and 1.78 , respectively. As discussed further in Note L, Employee Benefit Plans , the Company develops the expected return on plan assets considering various factors, which include its targeted asset allocation percentages, historic returns, and expected future returns. The Company s expected rate of return assumptions for the United States and international pension plans were 4.69 and 3.41 , respecti vely, at December 31, 2022. The Company will us e a 6.03 we ighted-average expected rate of return assumption to determine the 2023 net periodic benefit cost. A 25 basis point reduction in the expected rate of return assumption would increase 2023 net periodic benefit cost by approximatel y 4 million on a pre-tax basis. 
 The Company believes that the assumptions used are appropriate; however, differences in actual experience or changes in the assumptions may materially affect the Company s financial position or results of operations. To the extent that actual (newly measured) results differ from the actuarial assumptions, the difference is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, and, if in excess of a specified corridor, amortized over future periods. The expected return on plan assets is determined using the expected rate of return and the fair value of plan assets. Accordingly, market fluctuations in the fair value of plan assets can affect the net periodic benefit cost in the following year. The projected benefit obligation for defined benefit plans exceeded the fair value of plan ass ets by 307 million at December 31, 2022. A 25 basis point reduction in the discount rate would have increased the projected benefit obligation by approximately 50 million a t December 31, 2022. The primary Black Decker U.S. pension and post employment benefit plans were curtailed in late 2010, as well as the only material Black Decker international plan, and in their place the Company implemented defined contribution benefit plans. The vast majority of the projected benefit obligation pertains to plans that have been frozen; the remaining defined benefit plans that are not frozen are predominantly small domestic union plans and those that are statutorily mandated in certain international jurisdictions. The Company recognized approximately 1 million of defined benefit plan expense in 2022, which may fluctuate in future years depending upon various factors including future discount rates and actual returns on plan assets. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL The Company incurs costs related to environmental issues as a result of various laws and regulations governing current operations as well as the remediation of previously contaminated sites. The Company s policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. The liabilities recorded do not take into account any 
 44 

claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. As assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had reserves of 129 million for remediation activities associated with Company-owned properties as well as for Superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. The range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is 59 million to 220 million which is subject to change in the near term. The Company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. Liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with this policy. 
 INCOME TAXES The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes , which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Any changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 
 The Company records net deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that these assets will be realized. In making this determination, management considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing temporary differences, estimates of future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards. In the event that it is determined that an asset is not more likely that not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded against the asset. Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can be impacted by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. In the event the Company were to determine that it would not be able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, the unrealizable amount would be charged to earnings in the period in which that determination is made. Conversely, if the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net carrying amounts, it would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through a favorable adjustment to earnings in the period that the determination was made. 
 The Company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, which requires a two-step process. First, management determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and second, for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, management recognizes the largest amount of the tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related taxing authority. The Company maintains an accounting policy of recording interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of Income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company is subject to income tax in a number of locations, including many state and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required when calculating the worldwide provision for income taxes. Many factors are considered when evaluating and estimating the Company's tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to certain of the Company's unrecognized tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. These changes may be the result of settlements of ongoing audits, litigation, or other proceedings with taxing authorities. The Company periodically assesses its liabilities and contingencies for all tax years still subject to audit based on the most current available information, which involves inherent uncertainty. 
 Additional information regarding income taxes is available in Note Q, Income Taxes. 
 
 45 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION 
 REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections or guidance of earnings, revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words may, will, estimate, intend, continue, believe, expect, anticipate or any other similar words. 
 Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in any of its forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of its forward-looking statements. The Company's future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in its forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (i) successfully developing, marketing and achieving sales from new products and services and the continued acceptance of current products and services; (ii) macroeconomic factors, including global and regional business conditions (such as Brexit), commodity prices, inflation and deflation, and currency exchange rates; (iii) laws, regulations and governmental policies affecting the Company's activities in the countries where it does business, including those related to tariffs, taxation, data privacy, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, government contracts and trade controls such as section 301 tariffs and section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs; (iv) the economic, political, cultural and legal environment of emerging markets, particularly Latin America, Russia, China and Turkey; (v) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or divestitures, including the divestitures of the Security and Oil Gas businesses; (vi) pricing pressure and other changes within competitive markets; (vii) availability and price of raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods; (viii) the impact the tightened credit markets and any discontinuation, reform or replacement of LIBOR and other benchmark rates may have on the Company or its customers or suppliers; (ix) the extent to which the Company has to write off accounts receivable or assets or experiences supply chain disruptions in connection with bankruptcy filings by customers or suppliers; (x) the Company's ability to identify and effectively execute productivity improvements and cost reductions; (xi) potential business and distribution disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, pandemics, sanctions, political unrest, war, terrorism or natural disasters; (xii) the continued consolidation of customers, particularly in consumer channels and the Company s continued reliance on significant customers; (xiii) managing franchisee relationships; (xiv) the impact of poor weather conditions and climate change; (xv) maintaining or improving production rates in the Company's manufacturing facilities, responding to significant changes in customer preferences, product demand and fulfilling demand for new and existing products, and learning, adapting and integrating new technologies into products, services and processes; (xvi) changes in the competitive landscape in the Company's markets; (xvii) the Company's non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (xviii) the impact from demand changes within world-wide markets associated with homebuilding and remodeling; (xix) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (xx) the incurrence of debt and changes in the Company's ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates; (xxi) substantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; (xxii) potential regulatory liabilities, including environmental, privacy, data breach, workers compensation and product liabilities; (xxiii) attracting and retaining key employees, managing a workforce in many jurisdictions, labor shortages, work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (xxiv) the Company's ability to keep abreast with the pace of technological change; (xxv) changes in accounting estimates; (xxvi) the Company s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and associated reputational impacts; (xxvii) the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; and (xxviii) the Company s ability to implement, and achieve the expected benefits (including cost savings and reduction in working capital) from its Global Cost Reduction Program including: continuing to advance innovation, electrification and global market penetration to achieve organic revenue growth of 2-3 times the market; streamlining and simplifying the organization, as well as shifting resources to prioritize investments believed to have a positive and more direct impact to customers; accelerating the operations and supply chain transformation to improve fill rates and better match the needs of its customers while improving adjusted gross margins back to historical 35 + levels; prioritizing cash flow generation and inventory optimization; leveraging strategic sourcing and contract manufacturing; consolidating facilities and optimizing the distribution network; executing the SBD Operating Model to deliver operational excellence through efficiency, simplified organizational design and inventory optimization; and platforming products. 
 Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under the headings Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes. 
 46 

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents that are incorporated by reference herein speak only as of the date of those documents. The Company does not undertake any obligation or intention to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events or circumstances, new information or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 47 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company incorporates by reference the material captioned Market Risk in Item 7 and in Note I, Financial Instruments , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 . 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See Item 15 for an index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule. Such Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 48 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The management of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Management concluded that based on its assessment, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Ernst Young LLP, the auditor of the financial statements included in this annual report, has issued an attestation report on the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, a copy of which appears on page 62. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and its Interim Chief Financial Officer, the Company has, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and its Interim Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses 
 To address the previously reported material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described in Part II, Item 9A of the Company's 2021 Form 10-K, the Company enhanced and revised the design of existing controls and procedures to properly account for financial instruments with debt- and equity-like features, including the impact to the calculation of earnings per share. During the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company successfully completed the testing necessary to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 49 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE REGISTRANT 
 The information required by this Item, except for certain information with respect to the Company s Code of Business Ethics, the identification of the executive officers of the Company and any material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominees to the Company s Board of Directors, as set forth below, is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the section of the Company s definitive proxy statement (which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year) under the headings Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Information Concerning Nominees for Election as Directors, and Board of Directors". 
 
 Available on the Company's website at http://www.stanleyblackanddecker.com under the Impact heading is the Code of Business Ethics applicable to all of its directors and officers, including the President and Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, and employees worldwide, as well as the Supplemental Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers, applicable to the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, and all senior financial officers, including the Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. The Company intends to post on its website required information regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, the Code of Business Ethics or the Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers that applies to the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer and senior financial officers within four business days after any such amendment or waiver. 
 
 50 

The following is a list of the executive officers of the Company as of February 23, 2023: 
 Name and Age Office Date Elected to Office as an Executive Officer Donald Allan, Jr. (58) President Chief Executive Officer since July 2022. President Chief Financial Officer (2021); Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2016); Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2010); Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2009); Vice President Corporate Controller (2002); Corporate Controller (2000); Assistant Controller (1999). 
 10/24/2006 Corbin B. Walburger (52) Interim Chief Financial Officer since July 2022. Vice President of Corporate Business Development (2008); Vice President and Associate in Investment Banking Division, Goldman Sachs (1999); Financial Analyst, Goldman Sachs (1995). 7/1/2022 Scot D. Greulach (40) Chief Accounting Officer since October 2022. Business Unit Controller for Stanley Industrial (2021); Director Corporate and Technical Accounting (2018); Director Statutory Reporting and Tax Compliance (2017); Director External Reporting (2014); Senior Manager External Reporting (2012). 10/1/2022 Janet M. Link (53) Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since July 2017. Executive Vice President, General Counsel, JC Penney Company, Inc. (2015); Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, JC Penney Company, Inc. (2014); Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, Clear Channel Companies (2013). 7/19/2017 Robert H. Raff (56) Interim Co-President Chief Commercial Officer, Tools Outdoor since July 2022. Head of Outdoor Integration (2021); President, Stanley Security (2016); President, Stanley Electronic Security North America (2015); President, North America Sales, Construction DIY (2010); President, Stanley National Hardware (2007); Vice President of Latin America, Construction DIY (2005); General Manager, Construction DIY (2002). 
 4/19/2018 Graham N. Robinson (54) Senior Vice President President, Stanley Industrial since April 2020. President, Honeywell Industrial Safety (Honeywell International) (2018); President, Honeywell Sensing and Internet of Things (Honeywell International) (2016); Chief Marketing Officer and Vice President, Global Strategy Marketing, Automation and Control Solutions (Honeywell International) (2014). 4/17/2020 John H. Wyatt (64) Interim Co-President Senior Vice President, Tools Outdoor since July 2022. Senior Vice President President, Stanley Outdoor (2021); Senior Vice President President, Stanley Outdoor and Aerospace (2020); President, Stanley Engineered Fastening (2016); President, Global Sales Marketing - Global Tools Storage (2014); President, Construction DIY, Europe and ANZ (2012); President, Construction DIY, EMEA (2010); President-Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Power Tools and Accessories, The Black Decker Corporation (2008); Vice President-Consumer Products (Europe, Middle East and Africa), The Black Decker Corporation (2006). 3/12/2010 John T. Lucas (63) Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2023. Founder Principal, True North Human Capital Consulting, LLC (2019); Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Goodyear Tire Rubber Company (2015); Senior Vice President, Human Resources Communications, Lockheed Martin Corporation (2009). 1/30/2023 
 
 51 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the sections entitled "Compensation Discussion Analysis" and 2022 Executive Compensation Program of the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the sections entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners," "Security Ownership of Directors and Officers," "Compensation Discussion Analysis" and 2022 Executive Compensation Program of the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 Compensation plans under which the Company s equity securities are authorized for issuance at December 31, 2022 follow: 
 (A) (B) (C) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (A)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 7,289,358 (1) 
 140.22 (2) 
 9,655,464 (3) 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (4) 

Total 7,289,358 
 140.22 
 9,655,464 
 
 (1) Consists of 5,281,713 shares underlying outstanding stock options (whether vested or unvested) with a weighted-average exercise price of 140.22 and a weighted-average term of 6.54 years; 1,873,031 shares underlying time-vesting restricted stock units that have not yet vested and the maximum number of shares that will be issued pursuant to outstanding performance awards if all established goals are met; and 134,614 of shares earned but for which participants elected deferral of delivery. All stock-based compensation plans are discussed in Note J, Capital Stock , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 . 
 (2) There is no cost to the recipient for shares issued pursuant to time-vesting restricted stock units or performance awards. Because there is no strike price applicable to these stock awards they are excluded from the weighted-average exercise price which pertains solely to outstanding stock options. 
 (3) Consists of 1,251,699 of shares available for purchase under the employee stock purchase plan ("ESPP") at the election of employees and 8,403,765 securities available for future grants by the Board of Directors under stock-based compensation plans. On February 16, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (the "2022 Plan") and authorized the issuance of 9,800,000 shares of the Company's common stock in connection with awards pursuant to the 2022 Plan. No further awards will be issued under the Company's 2018 Omnibus Award Plan. 
 (4) U.S. non-highly compensated employees are eligible to contribute from 1 to 25 of their salary to a qualified tax deferred savings plan as described in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") section of Note L, Employee Benefit Plans, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. The Company contributes an amount equal to one half of the employee contribution up to the first 7 of salary. There is a non-qualified tax deferred savings plan for highly compensated salaried employees which mirrors certain qualified plan provisions, but was not specifically approved by security holders. Eligible highly compensated salaried U.S. employees are eligible to contribute from 1 to 50 of their salary to the non-qualified tax deferred savings plan. The same matching arrangement was provided for highly compensated salaried employees in the non-qualified plan, to the extent the match was not fully met in the qualified plan, except that the arrangement for these employees is outside of the ESOP, and is not funded in advance of distributions. Effective January 1, 2019, the Company, at its discretion, will determine whether matching and core contributions will be made for the non-qualified tax deferred savings plan for a particular year. If the Company decides to make matching contributions for a year, it will make contributions, in an amount determined at its discretion, that may constitute part or all of or more than the matching contributions that would have been made pursuant to the provisions of the Stanley Black Decker Supplemental Retirement Account Plan that were 
 52 

in effect prior to 2019. For both qualified and non-qualified plans, the investment of the employee s contribution and the Company s matching contribution is controlled by the employee and may include an election to invest in Company stock. Shares of the Company s common stock may be issued at the time of a distribution from the qualified plan. The number of securities remaining available for issuance under the plans at December 31, 2022 is not determinable, since the plans do not authorize a maximum number of securities. 
 53 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the sections entitled "Corporate Governance," "Director Independence" and "Related Person Transactions" of the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the section entitled Fees of Independent Auditors of the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 (a) Index to documents filed as part of this report: 
 1. and 2. Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule. 
 The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report beginning with an index thereto on page 55. 
 3. Exhibits 
 See Exhibit Index in this Form 10-K on page 119. 
 (b) See Exhibit Index in this Form 10-K on page 119. 
 (c) The response in this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this Form 10-K with an index thereto beginning on page 55. 
 54 

FORM 10-K 
 ITEM 15(a) (1) AND (2) 
 STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is included in Item 15 (page 58). Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (page 59). Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 000 Financial Statement Opinion (page 60). 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Internal Control Opinion (page 62). Consolidated Statements of Operations fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 (page 63). Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 (page 64). Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 (page 65). Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 (page 66). Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners Equity fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 (page 68). Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (page 69). Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) (page 117). Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Exhibit 23). 
 All other schedules are omitted because either they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 55 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 
 56 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. By: /s/ Donald Allan, Jr. Donald Allan, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 23, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Donald Allan, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 Donald Allan, Jr. /s/ Corbin Walburger Interim Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 Corbin Walburger /s/ Scot Greulach Chief Accounting Officer February 23, 2023 Scot Greulach Director February 23, 2023 Andrea J. Ayers Director February 23, 2023 Patrick D. Campbell Director February 23, 2023 Carlos M. Cardoso Director February 23, 2023 Robert B. Coutts Director February 23, 2023 Debra A. Crew Director February 23, 2023 Michael D. Hankin Director February 23, 2023 Robert J. Manning Director February 23, 2023 Adrian V. Mitchell Director February 23, 2023 Jane M. Palmieri Director February 23, 2023 Mojdeh Poul Director February 23, 2023 Irving Tan 
 By: /s/ Janet M. Link 
 Janet M. Link (As Attorney-in-Fact) 
 57 

) Year Ended 2021 ) Year Ended 2020 ) Tax Valuation Allowance: Year Ended 2022 (c) ) ) Year Ended 2021 ) Year Ended 2020 ) ) 
 
 (a) With respect to the allowance for credit losses, deductions represent amounts charged-off less recoveries of accounts previously charged-off. 
 (b) Amounts represent the impact of foreign currency translation, acquisitions, divestitures and net transfers to/from other accounts. 
 (c) Refer to Note Q, Income Taxes , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion. 

58 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 Management has assessed the effectiveness of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Management concluded that based on its assessment, Stanley Black Decker, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Ernst Young LLP, Registered Public Accounting Firm included in this annual report, has issued an attestation report on the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, a copy of which appears on page 62. 
 /s/ Donald Allan, Jr. Donald Allan, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer 
 /s/ Corbin B. Walburger Corbin B. Walburger, Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 59 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareowners and Board of Directors of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareowners equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 60 

Uncertain Tax Positions Description of the Matter As described in Notes A and Q, the Company conducts business globally and, as a result, files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course, the Company is subject to examinations by taxing authorities throughout the world. Uncertainty in a tax position may arise as tax laws are subject to interpretation. At December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded approximately 503 million relating to uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The Company records uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, which requires a two-step process. First, management determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and second, for those tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold, management recognizes the largest amount of the tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related taxing authority. The Company then evaluates uncertain tax positions in subsequent periods for recognition, de-recognition or re-measurement if changes have occurred, or when effective settlement or expiration of the statute of limitations occurs. Auditing the uncertain tax positions is complex because of the judgmental nature of the tax accruals and various other tax return positions that might not be sustained upon review by taxing authorities. The Company files tax returns in multiple jurisdictions and is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world due to its complex global footprint. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls related to the recognition, measurement and the evaluation of changes in uncertain tax positions. This included testing controls over management s review of the tax positions, their evaluation of whether they met the measurement threshold and then recalculating the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Our audit procedures to test the Company s uncertain tax positions included, among others, involvement of our tax professionals, including transfer pricing professionals. This included evaluating tax opinions and third-party transfer pricing studies obtained by the Company and assessing the Company s correspondence with the relevant tax authorities. We analyzed the Company s assumptions and data used to determine the amount of tax benefit to recognize and tested the accuracy of the calculations. Our testing also included the evaluation of the ongoing positions and consideration of changes, the recording of penalties and interest and the ultimate settlement and payment of certain tax matters. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1932. 
 
 February 23, 2023 

61 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareowners and the Board of Directors of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Stanley Black Decker, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Stanley Black Decker (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareowners equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 23, 2023 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 
 (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net Sales Costs and Expenses Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative Provision for credit losses Other, net Loss on sales of businesses Restructuring charges Gain on equity method investment ) Asset impairment charge Loss on debt extinguishment Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest Income taxes on continuing operations ) Net earnings from continuing operations before equity interest Share of net earnings of equity method investment Net earnings from continuing operations Less: Net earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Less: Preferred stock dividends and beneficial conversion feature Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners Add: Contract adjustment payments accretion Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted Earnings from discontinued operations before income taxes (including 2022 pre-tax gain on Security sale of million) 
 Income taxes on discontinued operations (including 2022 income taxes for gain on Security sale of million) 
 ) Net earnings from discontinued operations Net Earnings Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted Net Earnings Attributable to Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Basic earnings per share of common stock: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total basic earnings per share of common stock Diluted earnings per share of common stock: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total diluted earnings per share of common stock 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 
 (Millions of Dollars) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners Net earnings from discontinued operations Other comprehensive (loss) income: Currency translation adjustment and other ) ) Gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax ) Gains (losses) on net investment hedges, net of tax ) ) Pension gains (losses), net of tax ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareowners 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 
 (Millions of Dollars, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net Inventories, net Current assets held for sale Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment, net Goodwill Customer Relationships, net Trade Names, net Other Intangible Assets, net Long-term assets held for sale Other Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Short-term borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Liabilities held for sale Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Debt Deferred Taxes Post-Retirement Benefits Long-term liabilities held for sale Other Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Notes R and S) 
 Shareowners Equity Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Shareowners Equity Preferred stock, without par value: 
 Authorized shares in 2022 and 2021 
 Issued and outstanding shares in 2021 
 Common stock, par value per share: 
 Authorized shares in 2022 and 2021 
 Issued shares in 2022 and 2021 
 Retained earnings Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Less: cost of common stock in treasury shares in 2022 and shares in 2021) 
 ) ) Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Shareowners Equity Non-controlling interests Total Shareowners Equity Total Liabilities and Shareowners Equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net earnings from continuing operations Net earnings from discontinued operations Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment Amortization of intangibles Inventory step-up amortization Loss on sales of businesses Gain on equity method investment ) Loss on debt extinguishment Gain on sale of discontinued operations ) Asset impairment charge Craftsman contingent consideration remeasurement from MTD acquisition Stock-based compensation expense Provision for credit losses Share of net earnings of equity method investment ) ) Deferred tax benefit ) ) ) Other non-cash items Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) ) Other current assets ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) ) Accrued expenses ) Defined benefit liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing Activities: Capital and software expenditures ) ) ) Sales of assets Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Sales of businesses, net of cash sold Net investment hedge settlements ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Financing Activities: Payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from debt issuances, net of fees Net short-term commercial paper (repayments) borrowings ) ) Stock purchase contract fees ) ) ) Credit facility borrowings Credit facility repayments ) Purchases of common stock for treasury ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of remarketed preferred stock Redemption and conversion of preferred stock ) ) Premium paid on debt extinguishment ) Proceeds from issuances of common stock Craftsman deferred purchase price ) Craftsman contingent consideration ) ) ) 
 66 

CAM contingent consideration ) Termination of interest rate swaps ) ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends on preferred stock ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, as shown above: December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in Other current assets Cash and cash equivalents included in Current assets held for sale Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners Equity 
 Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021 
 (Millions of Dollars, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ESOP Treasury Stock Non- Controlling Interests Shareowners Equity Balance December 28, 2019 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared per annum per preferred share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Conversion of original Series C Preferred Stock shares) 
 ) ) Issuance of remarketed Series C Preferred Stock Stock-based compensation related ESOP Adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Beneficial conversion feature ) Balance January 2, 2021 ) ) Net earnings ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared per annum per preferred share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Redemption and conversion of preferred stock shares) 
 ) ) ) Non-controlling interest buyout ) ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance January 1, 2022 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared per annum per preferred share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Conversion of original Series D Preferred Stock shares) 
 ) ) Issuance of remarketed Series D Preferred Stock shares) 
 Redemption of remarketed Series D Preferred Stock shares) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 68 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

A. 
 
 countries in Europe and emerging markets within the Security segment. In October 2020, the Company sold a product line in Oil Gas within the Industrial segment. The operating results of these businesses have been reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements through their respective dates of sale in 2020. 
 
 The divestitures above are part of the Company's strategic commitment to simplify and streamline its portfolio to focus on the core Tools Outdoor and Industrial businesses. Refer to Note T, Divestitures , for further discussion on these transactions. 
 
 In December 2021, the Company acquired the remaining percent ownership stake in MTD Holdings Inc. ("MTD"), a privately held global manufacturer of outdoor power equipment. The Company previously acquired a percent interest in MTD in January 2019. Prior to closing on the remaining percent ownership stake, the Company applied the equity method of accounting to the investment in MTD. In November 2021, the Company acquired Excel Industries ("Excel"), a leading designer and manufacturer of premium commercial and residential turf-care equipment. These acquisitions were accounted for as business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting and the results subsequent to the dates of acquisition are included in the Company's Tools Outdoor segment. 
 
 In February 2020, the Company acquired Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC ("CAM"). This acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and the results subsequent to the date of acquisition are included in the Company's Industrial segment. 
 
 Refer to Note E, Acquisitions and Investments , for further discussion on these transactions. 

69 

Buildings Machinery and equipment 
 Computer software 
 
 Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the term of the lease. 
 The Company reports depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses based on the nature of the underlying assets. Depreciation and amortization related to the production of inventory and delivery of services are recorded in cost of sales. Depreciation and amortization related to distribution center activities, selling and support functions are reported in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment when indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable are present. In assessing long-lived assets for impairment, the Company groups its long-lived assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are generated asset group and estimates the undiscounted future cash flows that are directly associated with, and expected to be generated from, the use of and eventual disposition of the asset group. If the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss must be determined and the asset group is written down to fair value. The impairment loss is quantified by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the estimated fair value, which is generally determined using weighted-average discounted cash flows that consider various possible outcomes for the disposition of the asset group. 
 
 70 

million was allocated to the Oil Gas business based on the relative fair value of the business disposed, resulting in a reduction of goodwill which was included in the impairment loss relating to the Oil Gas business in the second quarter of 2022. Refer to Note T, Divestitures 

71 

Refer to Note B, Accounts and Notes Receivable, Net, for further discussion. 
 
 72 

Advertising costs are classified in SG A and amounted to million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Expense pertaining to cooperative advertising with customers reported as a reduction of Net Sales was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Cooperative advertising with customers classified as SG A expense amounted to million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 Other distribution costs, primarily relating to salary and facility costs, are classified in SG A and amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 . The expense for stock options and restricted stock units awarded to retirement-eligible employees (those aged and over, and with or more years of service) is recognized on the grant date, or (if later) by the date they become retirement-eligible. 
 
 73 

Refer to Note Q, Income Taxes, for further discussion. 
 
 million shares, as required by the use of the if-converted method for convertible instruments that may be settled in cash or shares. See Note J, Capital Stock , for further discussion. 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The new standard provides optional expedients and exceptions that companies can apply during a limited time period to account for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform, if certain criteria are met. Companies may elect to apply these optional expedients and exceptions beginning March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), to clarify the scope of Topic 848 and provide explicit guidance to help companies applying optional expedients and exceptions . This ASU is effective immediately for all entities that have applied optional expedients and exceptions. The Company applied certain optional expedients and exceptions as needed to comply with regulatory and tax authorities for the transition to alternative reference rates. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date Topic of 848 , effective upon issuance, to defer the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 2022 to December 2024 following the cessation of LIBOR being moved to June 2023. The Company's adoption of these standards did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 74 

B. Trade notes receivable Other accounts receivable Accounts and notes receivable Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts and notes receivable, net 
 Charged to costs and expenses Other, including recoveries and deductions (a) ) ) Balance end of period 
 (a) Amounts represent charge-offs less recoveries, the impacts of foreign currency translation, acquisitions, divestitures and net transfers to/from other accounts. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Industrial segment operating lease receivable was million and million, respectively, from leasing equipment to customers. Net sales from operating lease revenue were million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The decrease in operating lease receivable and revenue compared to prior year was primarily due to the sale of the Oil Gas business. 
 
 The Company has an accounts receivable sale program. According to the terms, the Company sells certain of its trade accounts receivables at fair value to a wholly owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote special purpose subsidiary BRS"). The BRS, in 
 75 

million . The purpose of the program is to provide liquidity to the Company. These transfers qualify as sales under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing, and receivables are derecognized from the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets when the BRS sells those receivables to the Purchaser. The Company has no retained interests in the transferred receivables, other than collection and administrative responsibilities. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not record a servicing asset or liability related to its retained responsibility based on its assessment of the servicing fee, market values for similar transactions and its cost of servicing the receivables sold. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, net receivables of approximately million and million, respectively, were derecognized. Proceeds from transfers of receivables to the Purchaser totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, and payments to the Purchaser totaled million and million, respectively. The program resulted in a pre-tax loss of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, which included service fees of million and million, respectively. All cash flows under the program are reported as a component of changes in accounts receivable within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows since all the cash from the Purchaser is received upon the initial sale of the receivable. 
 
 million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was classified as current. Revenue recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 that was previously deferred as of January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 totaled million million, respectively. 

C. Work in process Raw materials Total 
 billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at January 1, 2022 were valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market. If the LIFO method had not been used, inventories would have been higher than reported by million at December 31, 2022 and million at January 1, 2022. 

D. Land improvements Buildings Leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Computer software Property, plant equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant equipment, net 
 Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense 
 The amounts above are inclusive of depreciation and amortization expense for discontinued operations amounting to 
 76 

million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 

E. 
 
 percent ownership stake in MTD, a privately held global manufacturer of outdoor power equipment, for billion, net of cash acquired. The Company previously acquired a percent interest in MTD in January 2019 for million. The Company s pre-existing 20 percent equity investment in MTD was remeasured at fair value of million as of the transaction date based on the purchase price for the remaining percent ownership, which was calculated using an EBITDA-based formula. As a result, the Company recorded a million gain on investment during the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 MTD designs, manufactures and distributes lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, hand-held outdoor power equipment and garden tools for both residential and professional consumers under well-known brands like CUB CADET and TROY-BILT . This combination created a global leader in the outdoor category, with strong brands and growth opportunities. The results of MTD subsequent to the date of acquisition are included in the Company's Tools Outdoor segment. 
 
 The MTD acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The acquisition accounting for MTD is complete. The measurement period adjustments recorded in 2022, primarily related to working capital accounts and opening balance sheet contingencies, did not have a material impact to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Property, plant and equipment Trade names Customer relationships Other assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred revenue ) Long-term debt ) Deferred taxes ) Other liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total consideration 
 
 The weighted-average useful life assigned to the definite-lived intangible assets was years. 
 77 

million will be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Excel 
 On November 12, 2021, the Company acquired Excel Industries ("Excel") for million, net of cash acquired. Excel is a leading designer and manufacturer of premium commercial and residential turf-care equipment under the HUSTLER brand. Excel was a strategically important bolt-on acquisition as the Company builds an outdoor products leader. The results of Excel subsequent to the date of acquisition are included in the Company's Tools Outdoor segment. 
 
 The Excel acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition accounting for Excel is complete. The measurement period adjustments recorded in 2022 did not have a material impact to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. The acquisition date value of identifiable net assets acquired, which included million of working capital, million of deferred tax liabilities, and million of intangible assets, was million. The related goodwill was million. The amount allocated to intangible assets included million for customer relationships. The weighted-average useful life assigned to the intangible assets was years. 
 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the expected cost synergies of the combined business and assembled workforce. Goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Other 2021 Acquisitions 
 During 2021, the Company completed other acquisitions for a total purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. The acquisition date value of the identifiable net assets acquired was million and working capital was million. The related goodwill was million. The acquisition accounting for these acquisitions is complete. The measurement period adjustments recorded in 2022 did not have a material impact to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. The results of these acquisitions subsequent to the dates of acquisition are included in the Company's Tools Outdoor segment. 
 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the expected cost synergies of the combined business and assembled workforce. Goodwill of million related to these acquisitions will be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 2020 ACQUISITION 
 
 CAM 
 
 On February 24, 2020, the Company acquired CAM for a total estimated purchase price of approximately billion, net of cash acquired. The purchase price consisted of an initial cash payment of approximately billion, net of cash acquired, and future payments up to million contingent on The Boeing Company ("Boeing") 737 MAX Airplanes receiving Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") authorization to return to service and Boeing achieving certain production levels, which were valued at million as of the acquisition date. 
 
 In November 2020, the FAA rescinded the 737 MAX grounding order and as a result of the subsequent return to revenue service of the 737 MAX in December 2020, the Company paid million to the former owners of CAM. The remaining contingent consideration was remeasured at January 2, 2021 and the Company concluded the achievement of certain production levels based on Boeing s future forecast was remote and released the remaining million contingent consideration liability in the fourth quarter of 2020 to the Consolidated Statements of Operations in Other, net. The period for the remaining contingent consideration ended in June 2022 and, consistent with the Company's expectations, Boeing did not meet the required production levels at that time. 
 
 CAM is an industry-leading manufacturer of specialty fasteners and components for the aerospace and defense markets. The acquisition further diversified the Company's presence in the industrial markets and expanded its portfolio of specialty fasteners in the aerospace and defense markets. The results of CAM subsequent to the date of acquisition are included in the Company's Industrial segment. 
 78 

Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Property, plant and equipment Trade names Customer relationships Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Deferred taxes ) Other liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Contingent consideration ) Total consideration paid 
 
 The weighted-average useful life assigned to the intangible assets was years. 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the expected cost synergies of the combined business and assembled workforce. Goodwill of million will be deductible for tax purposes. 
 ACTUAL AND PRO-FORMA IMPACT FROM ACQUISITIONS 
 Actual Impact from Acquisitions 
 The Company did not complete any material acquisitions during 2022. As such, there was no material impact from new acquisitions on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Pro-forma Impact from Acquisitions 
 
 Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to common shareowners - Diluted Diluted earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations 
 
 2022 Pro-forma Results 
 
 The 2022 pro-forma results were calculated by combining the actual results of Stanley Black Decker, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022, inclusive of the results of MTD and Excel, with the following adjustment: 
 
 Because the 2021 acquisitions were assumed to occur on December 29, 2019, there were no acquisition-related costs or inventory step-up charges factored into the 2022 pro-forma period, as such expenses would have occurred in the first year following the assumed acquisition date. 

79 

F. 
 Acquisitions ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Balance January 1, 2022 Acquisitions Foreign currency translation and other ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2022 
 Goodwill totaling million and million from the previously reported Security segment was reclassified to assets held for sale as of January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. In July 2022, the Company completed the sale of its Security segment and million of goodwill was included in the gain on sale in the third quarter of 2022. In addition, million of goodwill was allocated to the Oil Gas business based on the relative fair value of the business disposed, and was included in the determination of the impairment loss relating to the Oil Gas business in the second quarter of 2022. Refer to Note T, Divestitures , for further discussion. 
 As required by the Company's policy, goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names were tested for impairment in the third quarter of 2022. The Company assessed the fair values of its reporting units utilizing a discounted cash flow valuation model. The key assumptions used were discount rates and perpetual growth rates applied to cash flow projections. Also inherent in the discounted cash flow valuations were near-term revenue growth rates over the next . These assumptions contemplated business, market and overall economic conditions. Based on the results of the annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined that the fair values of each of its reporting units exceeded their respective carrying amounts. 
 
 80 

) ) Trade names ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Net intangibles totaling million were recognized as assets held for sale as of January 1, 2022. 
 Indefinite-lived trade names totaled billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at January 1, 2022. The year-over-year change is primarily due to currency fluctuations. 
 The fair values of the Company's indefinite-lived trade names were assessed using quantitative analyses, which utilized discounted cash flow valuation models taking into consideration appropriate discount rates, royalty rates and perpetual growth rates applied to projected sales. Based on the results of the annual impairment testing performed in the third quarter of 2022, the Company determined that the fair values of its indefinite-lived trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts. 
 Industrial Discontinued Operations Consolidated 
 Future amortization expense in each of the next five years amounts to million for 2023, million for 2024, million for 2025, million for 2026, million for 2027 and million thereafter. 

G. 
 Income and other taxes Customer rebates and sales returns Insurance and benefits Restructuring costs Derivative financial instruments Warranty costs 
 Deferred revenue Freight costs Environmental costs Current lease liability Forward stock purchase contract Accrued interest Other Total 

H. 
 81 

) ) Notes payable due 2026 ) ) Notes payable due 2026 Notes payable due 2026 Notes payable due 2028 Notes payable due 2028 ) ) Notes payable due 2028 ) Notes payable due 2030 ) ) Notes payable due 2032 ) ) Notes payable due 2040 ) ) ) Notes payable due 2048 ) ) Notes payable due 2050 ) ) Notes payable due 2060 (junior subordinated) ) Other, payable in varying amounts 2024 through 2027 - 
 Total long-term debt, including current maturities ) ) ) Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total aggregate annual principal maturities of long-term debt for the next five years and thereafter are as follows: million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, and million thereafter. There are immaterial principal maturities of long-term debt in 2027. These maturities represent the principal amounts to be paid and accordingly exclude the remaining million of unamortized fair value adjustments made in acquisition accounting, which increased the Black Decker note payable due 2028 and MTD notes payable due 2026 and 2028, as well as a net loss of million pertaining to unamortized termination gains and losses on interest rate swaps and unamortized discounts on the notes as described in Note I, Financial Instruments, and million of unamortized deferred financing fees. 
 In February 2022, the Company issued million of senior unsecured term notes maturing February 24, 2025 ("2025 Term Notes") and million of senior unsecured term notes maturing May 15, 2032 2032 Term Notes ). The 2025 Term Notes accrue interest at a fixed rate of per annum and the 2032 Term Notes at a fixed rate of per annum, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears, and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company's existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt. The Company received total net proceeds from this offering of approximately million, net of approximately million of underwriting expenses and other fees associated with the transaction. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including repayment of indebtedness under the commercial paper facilities. 
 In 2021, the Company assumed million and million of long-term debt from the acquisitions of MTD and Excel, respectively. 
 
 In November 2020, the Company redeemed the senior unsecured term notes due 2021 2021 Term Notes and the senior unsecured term notes due 2022 2022 Term Notes for approximately billion representing the outstanding principal amounts, accrued and unpaid interest, and a make-whole premium. The Company recognized a net pre-tax loss of million from the extinguishment, which was comprised of the million make-whole premium payment and a million loss related to the write-off of deferred financing fees, partially offset by a million gain relating to the write-off of unamortized fair value swap terminations. The Company also recognized a pre-tax loss of million relating to the unamortized loss on cash flow swap terminations related to the 2022 Term Notes. Refer to Note I, Financial Instruments, for further discussion. 
 
 82 

billion commercial paper program which includes Euro denominated borrowings in addition to U.S. Dollars. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company had commercial paper borrowings outstanding of billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a billion committed credit facility (the -Year Credit Agreement ). Borrowings under the -Year Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars, Euros or Pounds Sterling. A sub-limit amount of million is designated for swing line advances which may be drawn in Euros pursuant to the terms of the -Year Credit Agreement. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and specific terms of the -Year Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the -Year Credit Agreement by the earlier of September 8, 2026 or upon termination. The -Year Credit Agreement is designated to be a liquidity back-stop for the Company's billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, the Company had t drawn on its committed credit facility. 
 
 In September 2022, the Company terminated its -D ay billion comm itted credit facility (the " -Day Credit Agreement"), dated September 2021. There were outstanding borrowings under the -Day Credit Agreement upon termination and as of January 1, 2022 . Contemporaneously, the Company entered into a billion s yndicated -Day Credit Agreement (the Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement which is a revolving credit loan. Borrowings under the Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars or Euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of September 6, 2023 or upon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. The Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement serves as part of the liquidity back-stop for the Company s billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had drawn on its Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement . 
 
 In September 2022, the Company terminated its second -Day billion committed credit facility (the "Second -Day Credit A greement"), dated November 2021, and replaced it with a billion revolving credit loan (the "Club -Day Credit Agreement"). There were outstanding borrowings under the Second -Day Credit Agreement upon termination and as of January 1, 2022 . Borrowings under the Club -Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars and Euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the Club -Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the Club -Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of September 6, 2023 or u pon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the firs t anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had t drawn on its Club -Day Credit Agreement . 
 
 In August 2022, the Company paid billion to settle the outstanding amount of its third -Day committed credit facility (the "Third -Day Credit Agreement"), dated January 2022, usi ng proceeds from the sales of the Security and Oil Gas businesses and subsequently terminated the agreement. There were outstanding borrowings under the Third -Day Credit Agreement upon terminatio n. The Company did not incur any termination penalties in connection with the termination. 
 In addition, the Company has other short-term lines of credit that are primarily uncommitted, with numerous banks, aggregating to million, of which million was available at December 31, 2022. The million of the short-term credit lines was utilized primarily pertaining to outstanding letters of credit for which there are no required or reported debt balances. Short-term arrangements are reviewed annually for renewal. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of short-term and long-term committed and uncommitted lines of credit was approximately billion. In addition, at December 31, 2022, billion was recorded as short-term commercial paper borrowings. The weighted-average interest rates on U.S. dollar denominated short-term borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 were and , respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on Euro denominated short-term borrowings for the year ended January 1, 2022 was negative . For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had not drawn on its Euro denominated short-term borrowings. 
 Interest paid relating to the Company's indebtedness, including long-term debt and commercial paper borrowings, during 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to million, million and million, respectively. 
 83 

-Year Credit Agreement, Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement, and Club -Day Credit Agreement to: (a) amend the definition of Adjusted EBITDA to allow for additional adjustment addbacks, not to exceed million in the aggregate, for amounts incurred during each four fiscal quarter period beginning with the period ending in the third quarter of 2023 through the period ending in the second quarter of 2024, and (b) amend the minimum interest coverage ratio from times to not less than to 1.0 times computed quarterly, on a rolling twelve months (last twelve months) basis, for the period from and including the third quarter of 2023 through the second quarter of 2024. The minimum interest coverage ratio will revert back to times for periods after the second quarter of 2024. 

I. 
 Accrued expenses Foreign Exchange Contracts Cash Flow Other current assets Accrued expenses Net Investment Hedge Other current assets Accrued expenses LT other assets LT other liabilities Total Designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign Exchange Contracts Other current assets Accrued expenses Total 
 
 The counterparties to all of the above mentioned financial instruments are major international financial institutions. The Company is exposed to credit risk for net exchanges under these agreements, but not for the notional amounts. The credit risk is limited to the asset amounts noted above. The Company limits its exposure and concentration of risk by contracting with diverse financial institutions and does not anticipate non-performance by any of its counterparties. Further, as more fully discussed in Note M, Fair Value Measurements , the Company considers non-performance risk of its counterparties at each reporting period and adjusts the carrying value of these assets accordingly. The risk of default is considered remote. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, there were no assets that had been posted as collateral related to the above mentioned financial instruments. 
 
 Cash flows related to derivatives, including those that are separately discussed below, resulted in net cash received of million in 2022, net cash paid of million in 2021, and net cash received of million in 2020. 
 
 CASH FLOW HEDGES There were after-tax mark-to-market losses of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively, reported for cash flow hedge effectiveness in Accumulated other 
 84 

million is expected to be reclassified to earnings as the hedged transactions occur or as amounts are amortized within the next twelve months. The ultimate amount recognized will vary based on fluctuations of the hedged currencies and interest rates through the maturity dates. 
 
 Interest expense ) Foreign Exchange Contracts Cost of sales 
 2021 (Millions of Dollars) 
 Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Classification of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Amounts Excluded from Effectiveness Testing Interest Rate Contracts Interest expense ) Foreign Exchange Contracts Cost of sales ) 
 2020 (Millions of Dollars) 
 Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Classification of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income (Effective Portion) Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income (Ineffective Portion) Interest Rate Contracts ) Interest expense ) Foreign Exchange Contracts ) Cost of sales 
 
 A summary of the pre-tax effect of cash flow hedge accounting on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2022, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 2022 2021 2020 (Millions of dollars) Cost of Sales Interest Expense Cost of Sales Interest Expense Cost of Sales Interest Expense Total amount in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of the cash flow hedges are recorded Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign Exchange Contracts: Hedged Items ) ) Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into Income ) Interest Rate Swap Agreements: Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into Income 1 
 ) ) ) 
 1 Inclusive of the gain/loss amortization on terminated derivative financial instruments. 
 
 For 2022, after-tax gains of million were reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings (inclusive of the gain/loss amortization on terminated derivative financial instruments) during the periods in which the underlying hedged transactions affected earnings. For 2021 and 2020, after-tax losses of million and million, respectively, were reclassified. 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts: The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements in order to obtain the lowest cost source of funds within a targeted range of variable to fixed-rate debt proportions. The cash flows stemming from the maturity and termination of such interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges discussed below are presented within financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 85 

outstanding forward starting swaps as of December 31, 2022, and had million of forward starting swaps outstanding as of January 1, 2022. 
 
 During 2021, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swaps totaling million to offset expected variability on future interest rate payments associated with debt instruments expected to be issued in the future. During 2022, these swaps were terminated resulting in a gain of million which was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized to interest expense over future periods. 
 
 In addition, during 2021, swaps entered into in 2019 totaling million matured resulting in a loss of million, which was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized to interest expense over future periods. 
 
 During 2020, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swaps totaling billion to offset expected variability on future interest rate payments associated with debt instruments expected to be issued in the future. The Company terminated these swaps in 2020 resulting in a loss of million, which was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized to interest expense over future periods. 
 
 In December 2020, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding 2021 Term Notes and 2022 Term Notes, as further discussed in Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements. As a result, the Company recorded a pre-tax loss of million relating to the remaining unamortized loss on cash flow swap terminations related to the 2022 Term Notes. 
 
 Foreign Currency Contracts 
 
 Forward Contracts: Through its global businesses, the Company enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies that give rise to foreign currency risk. The Company and its subsidiaries regularly purchase inventory from subsidiaries with functional currencies different than their own, which creates currency-related volatility in the Company s results of operations. The Company utilizes forward contracts to hedge these forecasted purchases and sales of inventory. Gains and losses reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss are recorded in Cost of sales as the hedged item affects earnings. There are no components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for these contracts. At December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, the notional values of the forward currency contracts outstanding were million, maturing in 2023, and million, maturing in 2022, respectively. 
 
 FAIR VALUE HEDGES 
 
 Interest Rate Risk: In an effort to optimize the mix of fixed versus floating rate debt in the Company s capital structure, the Company enters into interest rate swaps. In prior years, the Company entered into interest rate swaps related to certain of its notes payable which were subsequently terminated. Amortization of the gain/loss on previously terminated swaps is reported as a reduction of interest expense. Prior to termination, the changes in fair value of the swaps and the offsetting changes in fair value related to the underlying notes were recognized in earnings. The Company did not have any active fair value interest rate swaps at December 31, 2022 or January 1, 2022. 
 
 Amortization of gain on terminated swaps ) ) ) 
 
 In December 2020, the Company redeemed all of the outstanding 2021 Term Notes and 2022 Term Notes, as further discussed in Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements. As a result, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of million relating to the remaining unamortized gain on fair value swap terminations related to the 2021 Term Notes. 
 
 86 

Terminated Swaps Long-Term Debt Terminated Swaps ) 
 1 Represents hedged items no longer designated in qualifying fair value hedging relationships. (Millions of dollars) 2021 Carrying Amount of Hedged Liability 1 
 2021 Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Liability Current maturities of long-term debt Terminated Swaps Long-Term Debt Terminated Swaps ) 

NET INVESTMENT HEDGES 
 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts: The Company utilizes net investment hedges to offset the translation adjustment arising from re-measurement of its investment in the assets and liabilities of its foreign subsidiaries. The total after-tax amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive loss were gains of million and million at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no outstanding foreign exchange contracts. 
 
 As of January 1, 2022, the Company had a foreign exchange contract with a notional value of million maturing in 2022 hedging a portion of its Taiwan dollar denominated net investments and a cross currency swap with a notional value of million maturing in 2023 hedging a portion of its Japanese yen denominated net investments. During 2022, this swap was terminated resulting in a gain of million. 
 
 Maturing foreign exchange contracts resulted in net cash received of million in 2022, net cash paid of million during 2021 and net cash received of million during 2020. 
 
 Gains and losses on net investment hedges remain in Accumulated other comprehensive loss until disposal of the underlying assets. Gains and losses representing components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in earnings in Other, net on a straight-line basis over the term of the hedge. Gains and losses after a hedge has been de-designated are recorded directly to the Consolidated Statements of Operations in Other, net. 
 
 Other, net Cross Currency Swap ) Other, net Non-derivative designated as Net Investment Hedge ) Other, net 
 87 

Other, net Cross Currency Swap Other, net Non-derivative designated as Net Investment Hedge ) Other, net 
 
 2020 (Millions of Dollars) Total Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Excluded Component Recorded in OCI Income Statement Classification Total Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Excluded Component Amortized from OCI to Income Forward Contracts Other, net Cross Currency Swap ) Other, net Non-derivative designated as Net Investment Hedge ) Other, net 
 
 UNDESIGNATED HEDGES 
 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts: Currency swaps and foreign exchange forward contracts are used to reduce risks arising from the change in fair value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities (such as affiliate loans, payables and receivables). The objective of these practices is to minimize the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on operating results. The total notional amount of the forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2022 was billion maturing on various dates through 2023. The total notional amount of the forward contracts outstanding at January 1, 2022 was billion maturing on various dates through 2022. ) ) 

J. 
 Add: Contract adjustment payments accretion Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted Net earnings from discontinued operations Net Earnings Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted 
 88 

Dilutive effect of stock contracts and awards Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 
 
 Earnings per share of common stock: Basic earnings per share of common stock: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total basic earnings per share of common stock Diluted earnings per share of common stock: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total dilutive earnings per share of common stock 

In November 2019, the Company issued Equity Units with a total notional value of million 2019 Equity Units ). Each unit had a stated amount of and initial ly consisted of a forward stock purchase contract 2022 Purchase Contracts for the purchase of a variable number of shares of common stock, on November 15, 2022, for a price of and a beneficial ownership interest in one share of Series D Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of per share Series D Preferred Stock ). The shares associated with the forward stock purchase contracts component of the 2019 Equity Units have been reflected in diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method. 
 
 In November 2022, the Company generated cash proceeds of million from the successful remarketing of the Series D Preferred Stock (the "Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock"). Upon completion of the remarketing, the holders of the 2019 Equity Units received common shares and the Company issued shares of Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock. Holders of the Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends, if declared by the Board of Directors, at an initial fixed rate equal to per annum of the per share liquidation preference (equivalent to per annum per share). On November 15, 2022, the Company informed holders that it would redeem all outstanding shares of the Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock on December 22, 2022 at per share in cash, which was equal to of the liquidation preference of a share of Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding December 22, 2022. In December 2022, the Company redeemed the Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock, paying million in cash. 
 
 Upon the adoption of ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) , beginning in the first quarter of 2022, the common shares that would be required to settle the applicable conversion value of the Series D Preferred Stock were included in the denominator of diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method. In accordance with the standard, the Company increased weighted-average shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 by million shares. 
 
 In May 2017, the Company issued Equity Units with a total notional value of million 2017 Equity Units ). Each unit had a stated amount of and initially consisted of a forward stock purchase contract 2020 Purchase Contracts for the purchase of a variable number of shares of common stock, on May 15, 2020, for a price of , and a beneficial ownership interest in one share of Series C Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of per share Series C Preferred Stock ). The shares associated with the forward stock 
 89 

million. Upon completion of the remarketing, the holders of the 2017 Equity Units received common shares and the Company issued shares of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of per share. Holders of the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock were entitled to receive cumulative dividends, if declared by the Board of Directors, at an initial fixed rate equal to per annum of the per share liquidation preference (equivalent to per annum per share). Beginning on May 15, 2020, the holders had the option to convert the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock into common stock. At the election of the Company, upon conversion, the Company could deliver cash, common stock, or a combination thereof. In connection with the remarketing, the conversion rate was reset to shares of the Company's common stock per one share of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock, which was equivalent to a conversion price of approximately per share of common stock. 
 
 On April 28, 2021, the Company informed holders that it would redeem all outstanding shares of the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock on June 3, 2021 at per share in cash, which was equal to of the liquidation preference of a share of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock, plus accumulated and unpaid dividends to, but excluding June 3, 2021. If a holder elected to convert its shares of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock prior to June 3, 2021, the Company elected a combination settlement with a specified cash amount of per share. In June 2021, the Company redeemed the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock and settled all conversions, paying million in cash and issuing common shares. The conversion rate used was (equivalent to a conversion price set at per common share). Prior to the Series C redemption date, the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock was excluded from the denominator of the diluted earnings per share calculation on the basis that the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock would be settled in cash except to the extent that the conversion value exceeded its liquidation preference. Therefore, before any redemption or conversion, the common shares that would be required to settle the applicable conversion value in excess of the liquidation preference were included in the denominator of diluted earnings per share in periods in which they were dilutive. 
 
 See Other Equity Arrangements below for further details of the above transactions. 
 COMMON STOCK ACTIVITY Issued from treasury Returned to treasury ) ) ) Outstanding, end of year Shares subject to the forward share purchase contract ) ) ) Outstanding, less shares subject to the forward share purchase contract 
 In March 2022, the Company executed accelerated share repurchase ("ASR") agreements with a notional amount of billion, which was funded through borrowings under one of its existing committed credit facilities. The ASR terms provided for an initial delivery of of the total notional share equivalent at execution or shares of common stock. In May 2022, the Company received an additional shares in aggregate, determined by the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the term of the transaction. The final shares delivered reflect a blended settlement price of per share for the entire transaction. In February 2022, the Company also executed open market share repurchases for a total of shares of common stock for million. 
 Upon completion of the remarketing of the Series D Preferred Stock in November 2022, the holders of the 2019 Equity Units received common shares and the Company issued shares of Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock. 
 Upon completion of the remarketing of the Series C Preferred Stock in May 2020, the holders of the 2017 Equity Units received shares of common stock and the Company issued shares of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 In June 2021, the Company redeemed the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock and settled all conversions, paying million in cash and issuing common shares. 
 In March 2015, the Company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty for shares of common stock. The contract obligates the Company to pay million, plus an additional amount 
 90 

Other stock-based compensation plans Total shares reserved 
 
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS The Company has stock-based compensation plans for salaried employees and non-employee members of the Board of Directors. The plans provide for discretionary grants of stock options, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards. 
 
 On February 16, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (the 2022 Plan and authorized the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock in connection with awards pursuant to the 2022 Plan and further awards will be issued under the Company s 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (the 2018 Plan ). As discussed further below, the Company has granted stock options, restricted share units and awards, performance stock units, and long-term performance awards, under the 2022 Plan and 2018 Plan to senior management employees and non-employee members of the Board of Directors. 
 The plans are generally administered by the Compensation and Talent Development Committee of the Board of Directors, consisting of non-employee directors. 
 Stock Option Valuation Assumptions: 
 Stock options are granted at the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of grant and have a maximum term. Generally, stock option grants vest ratably over three or from the date of grant. 
 The following describes how certain assumptions affecting the estimated fair value of stock options are determined: the expected volatility is based on an average of the market implied volatility and historical volatility for the expected life; the dividend yield is computed as the annualized dividend rate at the date of the grant divided by the strike price of the stock option; the risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury securities with maturities equal to the expected life of the option; and a forfeiture rate of to percent is assumed. The Company uses historical data in order to estimate forfeitures and holding period behavior for valuation purposes. 
 The fair value of stock option grants is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Expected life years years years Fair value per option Weighted-average vesting period years years years 
 91 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, end of year Exercisable, end of year 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the range of exercise prices on outstanding stock options was to per share. Stock option expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of unrecognized pre-tax compensation expense for stock options. This expense will be recognized over the remaining vesting periods which are years on a weighted-average basis. 
 
 During 2022, the Company received million in cash from the exercise of stock options. The related cash tax benefit from the exercise of these options wa s million . During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total intrinsic value of options exercised was million, million and million, respectively. When options are exercised, the related shares are issued from treasury stock. 
 
 An excess tax benefit is generated on the extent to which the actual gain, or spread, an optionee receives upon exercise of an option exceeds the fair value determined at the grant date; that excess spread over the fair value of the option times the applicable tax rate represents the excess tax benefit. During 2022, the shortfall recognized was million. During 2021 and 2020, the excess tax benefit arising from tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost totaled million and million, respectively, and was recorded in income tax expense. 
 and below 
 
 higher 
 
 Compensation cost for new grants is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The expense for retirement eligible employees (those aged and over and with or more years of service) is recognized by the date they become retirement eligible, as such employees may retain their options for the -year contractual term in the event they retire prior to the end of the vesting period stipulated in the grant. 
 As of December 31, 2022, both the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable was zero. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan: 
 The Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP enables eligible employees in the United States, Canada and Israel to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at the lower of of the fair market value of the shares on the grant date per share for fiscal year 2022 purchases) or of the fair market value of the shares on the last business day of each month. A maximum of shares are authorized for subscription. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, shares, shares and shares, respectively, were issued under the plan at average prices of , , and per share, respectively, and the intrinsic value of the ESPP purchases was million, million and million, respectively. For 2022, the Company received million in cash from ESPP purchases, and there was no related tax benefit. The fair value of ESPP shares was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. ESPP compensation cost is recognized ratably over 
 92 

term based on actual employee stock purchases under the plan. The fair value of the employees purchase rights under the ESPP was estimated using the following assumptions for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively: dividend yield of , and ; expected volatility of , and ; risk-free interest rates of , , and ; and expected lives of . The weighted-average fair value of those purchase rights granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. Total compensation expense recognized for ESPP was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 Restricted Share Units and Awards: 
 Compensation cost for restricted share units and awards, including restricted shares granted to French employees in lieu of RSUs, (collectively RSUs granted to employees is recognized ratably over the vesting term, which varies but is generally three or . RSU grants totaled shares, shares and shares in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and per share, respectively. 
 Total compensation expense recognized for RSUs amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The actual tax benefit received related to the shares that were delivered in 2022 was million . The shortfall recognized in 2022 was million. The e xcess tax benefit recognized in 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense for RSUs amounted to million and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of vested RSUs (market value on the date vested) during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Prior to 2020, non-employee members of the Board of Directors received annual restricted share-based grants which must be cash settled and accordingly mark-to-market accounting is applied. In 2022, the Company recognized million of income for these awards. In 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized million and million of expense for these awards, respectively. Beginning in 2020, the annual grant issued to non-employee members of the Board of Directors is stock settled. The expense related to the annual grant in 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million respectively. Additionally, members of the Board of Directors were granted restricted share units for which compensation expense of million, million, and million was recognized for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Stock Units: 
 In 2020 and 2019, the Company granted Performance Stock Units (collectively "MICP-PSUs") under the Management Incentive Compensation Plan ("MICP") to participating employees. Awards are payable in shares of common stock and generally no award is made if the employee terminates employment prior to the settlement dates. The delivery of the shares related to the 2020 and 2019 MICP-PSU grant will occur ratably in 2021, 2022, and 2023 for the 2020 MICP and in 2020, 2021, and 2022 for the 2019 MICP. The total shares to be delivered are based on actual 2020 and 2019 performance in relation to the established goals. 
 93 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Compensation cost for these performance awards is recognized ratably over the vesting term of . Total expense recognized in 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to these MICP-PSUs approximated million, million and million, respectively. The actual tax benefit received related to the shares that were delivered in 2022 and 2021 was million a nd million, respectively. 
 Long-Term Performance Awards: 
 The Company has granted Long-Term Performance Awards LTIP under its 2022 Omnibus Award Plan and 2018 Omnibus Award Plan to senior management employees for achieving Company performance measures. Awards are payable in shares of common stock, which may be restricted if the employee has not achieved certain stock ownership levels, and generally no award is made if the employee terminates employment prior to the settlement date. LTIP grants were made in 2020, 2021 and 2022. Each grant has separate annual performance goals for each year within the respective performance period and one market-based metric measured over the performance period. Earnings per share and cash flow return on investment represent of the grant value. The market-based metric, representing of the total grant value measures the Company s common stock return relative to peers over the performance period. The ultimate delivery of shares will occur in 2023, 2024, and 2025 for the 2020, 2021 and 2022 grants, respectively. Share settlements are based on actual performance in relation to these goals. 
 In 2022, income of million was recognized related to these performance awards. Expense recognized for these performance awards amounted to million in 2021 and million in 2020. With the exception of the market-based metric comprising of the award, in the event performance goals are not met, compensation cost is not recognized and any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed. The actual tax benefit received related to the shares that were delivered in 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The shortfall recognized in 2022 was less than million. The excess tax benefit recognized was million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 OTHER EQUITY ARRANGEMENTS 
 
 2019 Equity Units and Capped Call Transactions 
 
 In November 2019, in conjunction with the issuance of the 2019 Equity Units, as further discussed above, the Company received approximately million in cash proceeds, net of offering expenses and underwriting costs and commissions. The proceeds were attributed to the issuance of shares of Series D Preferred Stock for million and million for the present value of the quarterly payments to holders of the 2022 Purchase Contracts Contract Adjustment Payments ), as discussed further below. The proceeds were used, together with cash on hand, to redeem long-term debt. The Company also used million of the proceeds to enter into capped call transactions utilized to hedge potential economic dilution as described in more detail below. 
 94 

shares of Series D Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of per share. The convertible preferred stock initially did not bear any dividends and the liquidation preference of the convertible preferred stock did not accrete. The convertible preferred stock had no maturity date and remained outstanding unless converted by holders or redeemed by the Company. Holders of shares of the convertible preferred stock generally had no voting rights. The Series D Preferred Stock was pledged as collateral to support holders purchase obligations under the 2022 Purchase Contracts. 
 
 In November 2022, upon completion of the remarketing, the holders of the 2019 Equity Units converted their Series D Preferred Stock, valued at million, and received common shares using a reference price of per common share. The Company generated cash proceeds of million from the successful remarketing and issued shares of Remarketed Series D Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Company paid Contract Adjustment Payments to holders of the 2022 Purchase Contracts at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, which commenced on February 15, 2020. The million present value of the Contract Adjustment Payments reduced the Series D Preferred Stock at inception. As each quarterly Contract Adjustment Payment was made, the related liability was reduced and the difference between the cash payment and the present value accreted to interest expense, approximately million per year over the term. On November 15, 2022, the Company paid the final contract adjustment payment related to the 2022 Purchase Contracts. 
 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 
 In order to offset the potential economic dilution associated with the common shares issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock, to the extent that the conversion value of the convertible preferred stock exceeds its liquidation preference, the Company entered into capped call transactions with major financial institutions. The Company paid million, or an average of per option, to enter into capped call transactions on million shares of common stock. The million premium paid was recorded as a reduction of Shareowners Equity. 
 
 The capped call transactions had a term of approximately and were intended to cover the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock. Subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the capped call had an initial lower strike price of , which corresponded to the minimum settlement rate of the Series D Preferred Stock, and an upper strike price of , which was approximately higher than the closing price of the Company s common stock on November 7, 2019. In November 2022, the capped call options expired out of the money. 
 
 2017 Equity Units and Capped Call Transactions 
 
 In conjunction with the issuance of the 2017 Equity Units in May 2017, as further discussed abo ve, t he Company received approximately million in cash proceeds, net of offering expenses and underwriting costs and commissions. The proceeds were attributed to the issuance of shares of Series C Preferred Stock for million, million for the present value of the Contract Adjustment Payments, and a beneficial conversion feature of million. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of short-term borrowings. The Company also used million of the proceeds to enter into capped call transactions utilized to hedge potential economic dilution as described in more detail below. 
 
 The 2017 Equity Units were accounted for as one unit of account based on the economic linkage between the 2020 Purchase Contracts and the Series C Preferred Stock, as well as the combination criteria outlined in ASC 815. The 2017 Equity Units represented mandatorily convertible preferred stock. 
 
 In May 2017, the Company issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock, without par, with a liquidation preference of per share. The convertible preferred stock initially did not bear any dividends and the liquidation preference of the convertible preferred stock did not accrete. The convertible preferred stock had no maturity date and remained outstanding unless converted by holders or redeemed by the Company. Holders of shares of the convertible preferred stock generally had no voting rights. The Series C Preferred Stock was pledged as collateral to support holders purchase obligations under the 2020 Purchase Contracts. 
 
 95 

per annum of the per share liquidation preference (equivalent to per annum per share) and (ii) from, and including, the dividend step-up date at a fixed rate equal to per annum of the per share liquidation preference (equivalent to per annum per share). Dividends were cumulative on the liquidation preference per share and were payable, as declared by the Board of Directors, quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on August 15, 2020. Dividends accrued on the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock reduced net earnings for purposes of calculating earnings per share. 
 
 In May 2020, the Company generated cash proceeds of million from the successful remarketing of the Series C Preferred Stock. Upon completion of the remarketing in May 2020, the holders of the 2017 Equity Units received common shares using the maximum settlement rate of (equivalent to a reference price of per common share), and the Company issued shares of Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Company paid Contract Adjustment Payments to the holders of the 2020 Purchase Contracts at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, which commenced August 15, 2017. The million initial present value of these Contract Adjustment Payments reduced the Series C Preferred Stock at inception. As each quarterly Contract Adjustment Payment was made, the related liability was reduced and the difference between the cash payments and the present value accreted to interest expense, approximately million per year over the term. On May 15, 2020, the Company paid the final contract adjustment payment related to the 2020 Purchase Contracts. 
 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 
 In May 2017, the Company entered into capped call transactions with major financial institutions (the counterparties in order to offset the potential economic dilution associated with the common shares issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock, to the extent that the conversion value of the convertible preferred stock exceeds its liquidation preference. The Company paid million, or an average of per option, to enter into capped call transactions on million shares of common stock. The million premium paid was recorded as a reduction of Shareowners' Equity. 
 
 The capped call transactions had a term of approximately and were intended to cover the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. Subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the capped call had an initial lower strike price of , which corresponded to the minimum settlement rate of the Series C Preferred Stock at inception, and an upper strike price of , which was approximately higher than the closing price of the Company s common stock on May 11, 2017. In June 2020, the capped call options expired out of the money. 
 
 2018 Capped Call Transactions 
 
 In March 2018, the Company purchased from a financial in stitution at-the money ca pped call options with an approximate term of , on million shares of its common stock (subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments) for an aggregate premium of million, or an average of per share. The premium paid was recorded as a reduction of Sha reowners 
 Equity. The purpose of the capped call options was to hedge the risk of stock price appreciation between the lower and upper strike prices of the capped call options for a future share repurchase. 
 
 In February 2020, the Company net-share settled million of the million capped call options on its common stock and received shares using an average reference price of per common share. 
 
 On June 9, 2020, the Company amended the 2018 capped call options to align with and offset the potential economic dilution associated with the common shares issuable upon conversion of the Remarketed Series C Preferred Stock, as further discussed above. Subsequent to the amendment, the capped call options, subject to anti-dilution, had an initial lower strike price of and an upper strike price of , which was approximately higher than the closing price of the Company s common stock on June 9, 2020. 
 
 shares using an average reference price of per common share. 
 
 K. 
 
 96 

) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Reclassification adjustments to earnings ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Balance - January 1, 2022 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Adjustments related to sales of businesses ) ) Reclassification adjustments to earnings ) ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Company uses the portfolio method for releasing the stranded tax effects from Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 ) Cost of sales Realized losses on cash flow hedges ) ) Interest expense Total before taxes ) Tax effect ) Income taxes Realized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax ) Realized gains on net investment hedges Other, net Tax effect ) ) Income taxes Realized gains on net investment hedges, net of tax Actuarial losses and prior service costs / credits ) ) Other, net Settlement losses 
 ) Other, net Total before taxes ) ) Tax effect Income taxes Amortization of defined benefit pension items, net of tax ) ) 

L. 
 
 of their eligible compensation to a tax-deferred 401(k) savings plan, subject to restrictions under tax laws. Employees generally direct the investment of their own contributions into various investment funds. An employer match benefit is provided under the plan equal to one-half of each employee s tax-deferred contribution up to the first of their compensation. Participants direct the entire employer match benefit such that no participant is required to hold the Company s common stock in their 401(k) account. The employer match benefit totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2020, the employer match benefit was suspended from the second quarter to the end of the year. 
 
 97 

U.S. salaried and non-union hourly employees are eligible to receive a non-contributory benefit under the Core benefit plan. Core benefit allocations range from to of eligible employee compensation based on age. Allocations for benefits earned under the Core plan were million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2020, the Core allocations were also suspended from the second quarter to the end of the year. Assets held in participant Core accounts are invested in target date retirement funds which have an age-based allocation of investments. 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Net ESOP activity recognized for 2022 and 2021 is comprised of the aforementioned Core and 401(k) match defined contribution benefits. Net ESOP activity for 2020 is comprised of the cost basis of shares released, the cost of the aforementioned Core and 401(k) match defined contribution benefits, less the fair value of shares released and dividends on unallocated ESOP shares and was affected by the market value of the Company s common stock on the monthly dates when shares were released. The weighted-average market value of shares released was per share in 2020. 
 
 The Company made cash contributions totaling million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020, excluding additional contributions of million in 2020, which was used by the ESOP to make additional payments on the 1991 internal loan. These payments triggered the release of shares of unallocated stock in 2020. Dividends on ESOP shares, which were charged to shareowners equity as declared, were million in 2020, net of the tax benefit which was recorded in earnings. Interest costs incurred by the ESOP on the 1991 internal loan, which had no earnings impact, were million for 2020. Both allocated and unallocated ESOP shares were treated as outstanding for purposes of computing earnings per share. 
 
 PENSION AND OTHER BENEFIT PLANS The Company sponsors pension plans covering most domestic hourly and certain executive employees, and approximately foreign employees. Benefits are generally based on salary and years of service, except for U.S. collective bargaining employees whose benefits are based on a stated amount for each year of service. 
 
 The Company contributes to a number of multi-employer plans for certain collective bargaining U.S. employees. The risks of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans in the following aspects: 
 a. Assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefit to employees of other participating employers. 
 b. If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be inherited by the remaining participating employers. 
 c. If the Company chooses to stop participating in some of its multi-employer plans, the Company may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. 
 
 In addition, the Company also contributes to a number of multi-employer plans outside of the U.S. The foreign plans are insured, therefore, the Company s obligation is limited to the payment of insurance premiums. 
 
 The Company has assessed and determined that none of the multi-employer plans to which it contributes are individually significant to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company does not expect to incur a withdrawal liability or expect to significantly increase its contributions over the remainder of the contract period. 
 
 In addition to the multi-employer plans, various other defined contribution plans are sponsored worldwide. As of December 31, 2022 and January 2, 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of liabilities pertaining to an unfunded supplemental defined contribution plan for certain U.S. employees. 
 98 

Other defined contribution plan (benefit) expense ) 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) ) Actuarial loss amortization Special termination benefit Settlement / curtailment loss Net periodic pension (benefit) expense ) ) ) 
 
 The Company provides medical and dental benefits for certain retired employees in the United States, Brazil, and Canada. Approximately participants are covered under these plans. Interest cost Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Actuarial (gain) loss amortization ) Settlement / curtailment gain ) Special termination benefit Net periodic post-retirement expense 
 
 The components of net periodic post-retirement benefit expense other than the service cost component are included in Other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amortization of actuarial loss ) Prior service cost from plan amendments Settlement / curtailment loss Currency / other ) Total gain recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax) ) 

99 

Service cost Interest cost Special termination benefit Settlements/curtailments ) ) ) ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan amendments Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) ) ) Participant contributions Acquisitions, divestitures, and other ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at end of prior year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Participant contributions Employer contributions Settlements ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Acquisitions, divestitures, and other ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of plan year Funded status assets less than benefit obligation ) ) ) ) ) ) Unrecognized prior service cost (credit) ) ) Unrecognized net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) 
 U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans Other Benefits (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Prepaid benefit cost (non-current) Current benefit liability ) ) ) ) ) ) Non-current benefit liability ) ) ) ) ) ) Net liability recognized ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (pre-tax): Prior service cost (credit) ) ) Actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) 

100 

billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at January 1, 2022. Fair value of plan assets 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 Rate of compensation increase Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate - service cost Discount rate - interest cost Rate of compensation increase Expected return on plan assets 
 The expected rate of return on plan assets is determined considering the returns projected for the various asset classes and the relative weighting for each asset cla ss. The Company will use a weighted-average expected rate of return assumption to determine the 2023 net periodic benefit cost. 
 PENSION PLAN ASSETS Plan assets are invested in equity securities, government and corporate bonds and other fixed income securities, money market instruments and insurance contracts. 
 101 

Equity securities U.S. equity securities Foreign equity securities Fixed income securities Government securities Corporate securities Insurance contracts Other Total 
 Asset Category (Millions of Dollars) 
 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities U.S. equity securities Foreign equity securities Fixed income securities Government securities Corporate securities Insurance contracts Other Total 
 U.S. and foreign equity securities primarily consist of companies with large market capitalization and to a lesser extent mid and small capitalization securities. Government securities primarily consist of U.S. Treasury securities and foreign government securities with de minimus default risk. Corporate fixed income securities include publicly traded U.S. and foreign investment grade and to a small extent high yield securities. Assets held in insurance contracts are invested in the general asset pools of the various insurers, mainly debt and equity securities with guaranteed returns. Other investments include diversified private equity holdings. The level 2 investments are primarily comprised of institutional mutual funds that are not publicly traded; the investments held in these mutual funds are generally level 1 publicly traded securities. 
 
 The Company's investment strategy for pension assets focuses on a liability-matching approach with gradual de-risking taking place over a period of many years. The Company utilizes the current funded status to transition the portfolio toward investments that better match the duration and cash flow attributes of the underlying liabilities. Assets approximating of the Company's current pension liabilities have been invested in fixed income securities, using a liability / asset matching duration strategy, with the primary goal of mitigating exposure to interest rate movements and preserving the overall funded status of the underlying plans. Plan assets are broadly diversified and are invested to ensure adequate liquidity for immediate- and medium-term benefit payments. The Company s target asset allocations include approximately - in equity securities, approximately - in fixed income securities and approximately in other securities. The funded status percentage (total plan assets divided by total projected benefit obligation) of all global pension plans was in both 2022 and 2021 and in 2020. 
 
 CONTRIBUTIONS The Company s funding policy for its defined benefit plans is to contribute amounts determined annually on an actuarial basis to provide for current and future benefits in accordance with federal law and other regulations. The Company expects to contribute approxim ately million to its pension and other post-retirement benefit plans in 2023. 

These benefit payments will be funded through a combination of existing plan assets, the returns on those assets, and amounts to be contributed in the future by the Company. 
 102 

for 2022, reducing gradually to by 2031 and remaining at that level thereafter. 

M. 
 Equity security Deferred compensation plan investments Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Contingent consideration liability January 1, 2022 Money market fund Equity security Deferred compensation plan investments Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Contingent consideration liability 
 Long-term debt, including current portion 
 The money market fund and other investments related to the West Coast Loading Corporation ("WCLC") trust are considered Level 1 instruments within the fair value hierarchy. The equity security is considered a Level 1 instrument and is recorded at its quoted market price. The deferred compensation plan investments are considered Level 1 instruments and are recorded at their 
 103 

and on sales of Craftsman products in new Stanley Black Decker, Inc. channels through March 2032. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid million for royalties owed. The Company will continue making future payments quarterly through the second quarter of 2032. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis taking into consideration future sales projections, forecasted payments to Transform Holdco, LLC, based on contractual royalty rates, and the related tax impacts. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. Adjustments to the contingent consideration liability, with the exception of cash payments, are recorded in SG A in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. A -basis point reduction in the discount rate would result in an increase to the liability of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. 
 A single estimate of fair value results from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and relies heavily on estimates and assumptions. The Company's judgments used to determine the estimated contingent consideration liability discussed above, including estimated future sales projections, can materially impact the Company's results of operations. 
 The Company had no significant non-recurring fair value measurements, nor any other financial assets or liabilities measured using Level 3 inputs, during 2022 or 2021. 
 Refer to Note I, Financial Instruments , for more details regarding derivative financial instruments, Note S, Contingencies, for more details regarding the other investments related to the WCLC trust, and Note H, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements , for more information regarding the carrying values of the Company's long-term debt. 

N. 
 
 million, million, and million were included in Other, net for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021, respectively. In 2022, Other, net also included a million special termination benefit charge associated with a voluntary retirement program. In 2020, Other, net included a million loss relating to the unamortized loss on cash flow swap terminations, a million special termination benefit charge associated with a voluntary retirement program, and a million release of a contingent consideration liability relating to the CAM acquisition. Refer to Note E, Acquisitions and Investments, for further discussion of the CAM contingent consideration. The year-over-year increase in 2022 in Other, net was primarily driven by higher intangible asset amortization expense and appreciation of investments in 2021. The year-over-year decrease in 2021 in Other, net was primarily due to appreciation of investments. 
 During 2020, the Company recognized pre-tax charges of approximately million related to the comprehensive cost reduction and efficiency program in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The charges were primarily related to costs associated with a voluntary retirement program as well as restructuring costs related to headcount actions. 
 million, million and million for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

O. 
 ) Facility closures and asset impairments ) Total ) 
 104 

million, primarily related to severance and related costs. 
 The majority of the million of reserves remaining as of December 31, 2022 is expected to be utilized within the next 12 months. 
 
 Segments: The million of net restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes: million pertaining to the Tools Outdoor segment; million pertaining to the Industrial segment; and million pertaining to Corporate. 

P. 
 reportable business segments: Tools Outdoor and Industrial. 
 The Tools Outdoor segment is comprised of the Power Tools Group ("PTG"), Hand Tools, Accessories Storage ("HTAS") and Outdoor Power Equipment ("Outdoor") businesses. The PTG business includes both professional and consumer products. Professional products include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, and concrete and masonry anchors. Consumer products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the BLACK+DECKER brand, and home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances. The HTAS business sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. Hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. Power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. Storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products. The Outdoor business primarily sells corded and cordless electric lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, pressure washers and related accessories, and gas powered lawn and garden products, including lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, utility terrain vehicles (UTVs), hand-held outdoor power equipment, garden tools, and parts and accessories to professionals and consumers under the DEWALT , CUB CADET , BLACK+DECKER , CRAFTSMAN , TROY-BILT , and HUSTLER brand names. 
 The Industrial segment is comprised of the Engineered Fastening and Infrastructure businesses. The Engineered Fastening business primarily sells highly engineered components such as fasteners, fittings and various engineered products, which are designed for specific application across multiple verticals. The product lines include externally threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, and couplings. The Infrastructure business sells hydraulic tools and high quality, performance-driven heavy equipment attachment tools for off-highway applications. 
 The Company utilizes segment profit, which is defined as net sales minus cost of sales and SG A inclusive of the provision for credit losses (aside from corporate overhead expense), and segment profit as a percentage of net sales to assess the profitability of each segment. Transactions between segments are not material. Segment assets primarily include cash, accounts receivable, inventory, other current assets, property, plant and equipment, right-of-use lease assets and intangible assets. Net sales and long-lived assets are attributed to the geographic regions based on the geographic locations of the end customer and the Company subsidiary, respectively. 
 105 

Industrial Corporate Overhead Other Consolidated Segment Profit Tools Outdoor Industrial Segment Profit Corporate Overhead Other ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Loss on sales of businesses ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) ) Gain on equity method investment Asset impairment charge ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity interest Capital and Software Expenditures Tools Outdoor Industrial Corporate Overhead Other Discontinued operations Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Tools Outdoor Industrial Corporate Overhead Other Discontinued operations Consolidated 
 Segment Assets 2022 2021 Tools Outdoor Industrial Assets held for sale Corporate assets ) ) Consolidated 
 
 Corporate Overhead Other includes the results of the commercial electronic security business in countries in Europe and emerging markets through its disposition in the fourth quarter of 2020, as well as the corporate overhead element of SG A, which is not allocated to the business segments. 
 
 Corporate assets primarily consist of cash, deferred taxes, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use lease assets. Based on the nature of the Company's cash pooling arrangements, at times corporate-related cash accounts will be in a net liability position. 
 
 106 

, and of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, while The Home Depot accounted for approximately , and of the Company's consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As described in Note A, Significant Accounting Policies , the Company recognizes revenue at a point in time from the sale of tangible products or over time depending on when the performance obligation is satisfied. For the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021, the majority of the Company s revenue was recognized at the time of sale. The percent of total segment revenue recognized over time for the Industrial segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022 and January 2, 2021 was , and , respectively. 
 
 Infrastructure Industrial 
 
 Canada Other Americas France Other Europe Asia Consolidated 
 
 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Property, Plant Equipment, net United States Canada Other Americas France Other Europe Asia Consolidated 

107 

Q. 
 Intangible assets Liability on undistributed foreign earnings Lease right-of-use asset Inventory Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets: Employee benefit plans Basis differences in liabilities Operating loss, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards Lease liability Intangible assets Basis difference in debt obligations 
 Capitalized research and development costs Other Total deferred tax assets Net Deferred Tax Asset before Valuation Allowance Valuation Allowance ) ) Net Deferred Tax Liability after Valuation Allowance ) ) 
 The increase in intangible deferred tax assets relates to the intra-entity asset transfer of certain intangible assets between two of the Company's foreign subsidiaries. The recognized deferred tax benefit represents the difference between the basis of the intellectual property for financial statement purposes and the basis of the intellectual property for tax purposes. 
 A valuation allowance is recorded on certain deferred tax assets if it has been determined it is more likely than not that all or a portion of these assets will not be realized. The Company recorded a valuation allowance of million and million on deferred tax assets existing as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. The valuation allowances in 2022 and 2021 are primarily attributable to foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards, intangible assets, foreign capital loss carryforwards, and state tax credits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately billion of unremitted foreign earnings and profits. Of the total amount, the Company has provided for deferred taxes of million on approximately billion, which is not indefinitely reinvested primarily due to the changes brought about by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Company otherwise continues to consider the remaining undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be permanently reinvested based on its current plans for use outside of the U.S. and accordingly no taxes have been provided on such earnings. The cash held by the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries for indefinite reinvestment is generally used to finance foreign operations and investments, including acquisitions. The income taxes applicable to such earnings and other outside basis differences are not readily determinable or practicable to calculate. 
 Net operating loss carryforwards of billion as of December 31, 2022 are available to reduce future tax obligations of certain U.S. and foreign companies. The net operating loss carryforwards have various expiration dates beginning in 2023 with certain jurisdictions having indefinite carryforward periods. The foreign capital loss carryforwards of million as of December 31, 2022 have indefinite carryforward periods. 
 U.S. foreign tax credit carryforward balance as of December 31, 2022 totaled million with various expiration dates beginning in 2029. U.S. foreign tax credit carryforward of million is included in unrecognized tax benefits and subject to an annual limitation, which constitutes a change of ownership as defined under the Internal Revenue Code Section 382. State tax credit carryforward balance as of December 31, 2022 totaled million. The carryforward balance is made up of various credit types spanning multiple state taxing jurisdictions and various expiration dates beginning in 2023. 
 108 

) Foreign Earnings before income taxes and equity interest) Foreign State ) Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) State ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Income taxes ) 
 Net income taxes paid for continuing operations during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. The 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounts include refunds of million, million and million, respectively, primarily related to prior year overpayments and settlement of tax audits. 
 
 109 

State income taxes, net of federal benefits ) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) ) Uncertain tax benefits Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Change in deferred tax liabilities on undistributed foreign earnings ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Change in tax rates ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Capital loss ) U.S. federal tax expense (benefit) on foreign earnings ) Intra-entity asset transfer of intellectual property ) ) ) Other ) ) Income taxes ) 
 
 The Company conducts business globally and, as a result, files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course, the Company is subject to examinations by taxing authorities throughout the world. The Internal Revenue Service is currently examining the Company's consolidated U.S. income tax returns for the 2017 through 2019 tax years. With few exceptions, as of December 31, 2022, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local, or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years before 2012. 
 The Company s liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits relate to U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. 
 Additions based on tax positions related to current year Additions based on tax positions related to prior years Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Statute of limitations expirations ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 The gross unrecognized tax benefits from continuing operations at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 include million and million, respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. The liability for potential penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax benefits from continuing operations decreased by million in 2022, increased by million in 2021 and decreased by million in 2020. The liability for potential penalties and interest totaled million as of December 31, 2022, million as of January 1, 2022, and million as of January 2, 2021. The Company classifies all tax-related interest and penalties as income tax expense. 
 
 The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and the impact on income tax expense, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to certain of the Company's unrecognized tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. However, based on the uncertainties associated with finalizing audits with the relevant tax authorities including formal legal proceedings, it is not possible to reasonably estimate the impact of any such change. 

R. 
 
 110 

Lease liabilities Weighted-average incremental borrowing rate 
 Weighted-average remaining term 
 years years 
 Right-of-use assets are included within Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, while lease liabilities are included within Accrued expenses and Other liabilities , as appropriate. The Company determines its incremental borrowing rate based on interest rates from its debt issuances, taking into consideration adjustments for collateral, lease terms and foreign currency. 
 As a result of acquiring right-of-use assets from new leases entered into during the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company's lease liabilities increased approximately million and million, respectively. The Company has variable rate leases for certain manufacturing facilities, distribution centers and office buildings in which the periodic rental payments vary based on benchmark interest rates. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost 
 Sublease income 
 ) ) ) Total lease cost 

During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company paid million, million, and million respectively, relating to leases included in the measurement of its lease liability and right-of-use asset. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (unconditional purchase obligations) to provide it with access to products and services at competitive prices. These obligations consist of supplier agreements with long-term minimum material purchase requirements and freight forwarding arrangements with minimum quantity commitments. 

111 

Standby letters of credit Up to 
 Commercial customer financing arrangements Up to 
 Total 
 
 The Company has guaranteed a portion of the residual values associated with the variable rate leases mentioned previously. The lease guarantees are for an amount up to million while the fair value of the underlying assets is estimated at million. The related assets would be available to satisfy the guarantee obligations and therefore it is unlikely the Company will incur any future loss associated with these guarantees. 
 
 The Company has issued million in standby letters of credit that guarantee future payments which may be required under certain insurance programs and in relation to certain environmental remediation activities described more fully in Note S, Contingencies . 
 
 The Company provides various limited and full recourse guarantees to financial institutions that provide financing to U.S. and Canadian Mac Tool distributors and franchisees for their initial purchase of the inventory and trucks necessary to function as a distributor and franchisee. In addition, the Company provides limited and full recourse guarantees to financial institutions that extend credit to certain end retail customers of its U.S. Mac Tool distributors and franchisees. The gross amount guaranteed in these arrangements is million and the million carrying value of the guarantees issued is recorded in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company provides warranties on certain products across its businesses. The types of product warranties offered generally range from to limited lifetime. There are also certain products with no warranty. Further, the Company sometimes incurs discretionary costs to service its products in connection with product performance issues. Historical warranty and service claim experience forms the basis for warranty obligations recognized. Adjustments are recorded to the warranty liability as new information becomes available. 
 
 Warranties and guarantees issued Warranties assumed in acquisitions Warranty payments and currency ) ) ) Balance end of period 

S. 
 112 

active Superfund sites. Current laws potentially impose joint and several liabilities upon each PRP. In assessing its potential liability at these sites, the Company has considered the following: whether responsibility is being disputed, the terms of existing agreements, experience at similar sites, and the Company s volumetric contribution at these sites. 
 The Company s policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If no amount in the range of probable loss is considered most likely, the minimum loss in the range is accrued. The amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. The liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. As assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company had of million and million, respectively, for remediation activities associated with Company-owned properties, as well as for Superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. Of the December 31, 2022 amount, million is classified as current and million as which is expected to be paid over the estimated remediation period. As of December 31, 2022, the range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is million to million which is subject to change in the near term. The Company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. Liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with the Company's policy. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded million in other assets related to funding received by the Environmental Protection Agency EPA and placed in a trust in accordance with the final settlement with the EPA, embodied in a Consent Decree approved by the United States District Court for the Central District of California on July 3, 2013. Per the Consent Decree, Emhart Industries, Inc. (a dissolved and liquidated former indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of The Black Decker Corporation) Emhart has agreed to be responsible for an interim remedy at a site located in Rialto, California and formerly operated by West Coast Loading Corporation WCLC ), a defunct company for which Emhart was alleged to be liable as a successor. The remedy will be funded by (i) the amounts received from the EPA as gathered from multiple parties, and, to the extent necessary, (ii) Emhart's affiliate. The interim remedy requires the construction of a water treatment facility and the filtering of ground water at or around the site for a period of approximately years or more. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's net cash obligation associated with remediation activities, including WCLC assets, is million. 
 The EPA also asserted claims in federal court in Rhode Island against Black Decker and Emhart related to environmental contamination found at the Centredale Manor Restoration Project Superfund Site ("Centredale"), located in North Providence, Rhode Island. The EPA discovered a variety of contaminants at the site, including but not limited to, dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, and pesticides. The EPA alleged that Black Decker and Emhart are liable for site clean-up costs under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA") as successors to the liability of Metro-Atlantic, Inc., a former operator at the site, and demanded reimbursement of the EPA s costs related to this site. Black Decker and Emhart then vigorously litigated the issue of their liability for environmental conditions at the Centredale site, including completing trial on Phase 1 of the proceedings in late July 2015 and completing trial on Phase 2 of the proceedings in April 2017. On July 9, 2018, a Consent Decree was lodged with the United States District Court documenting the terms of a settlement between the Company and the United States for reimbursement of EPA's past costs and remediation of environmental contamination found at the Centredale site. The terms of the Consent Decree were subject to public comment and Court approval. After a full hearing on March 19, 2019, the Court approved and entered the Consent Decree on April 8, 2019. The settlement resolves outstanding issues relating to Phase 1 and 2 of the litigation with the United States. The Company is complying with the terms of the settlement. The District Court's entry of the Consent Decree was appealed by several PRPs at the site to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. The District Court's actions were affirmed by the First Circuit on February 17, 2021. Phase 3 of the litigation, is addressing the potential allocation of liability to other PRPs who may have contributed to contamination of the Centredale site with dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls and other contaminants of concern. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a remaining reserve of million for this site. 
 The Company and approximately other companies comprise the Lower Passaic Cooperating Parties Group (the CPG ). The CPG members and other companies are parties to a May 2007 Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent AOC with the EPA to perform a remedial investigation/feasibility study RI/FS of the lower miles of the 
 113 

of the River. The Company s estimated costs related to the RI/FS and focused remediation action at mile , based on an interim allocation, are included in its environmental reserves. On April 11, 2014, the EPA issued a Focused Feasibility Study FFS and proposed plan which addressed various early action remediation alternatives for the lower miles of the River. The EPA received public comment on the FFS and proposed plan (including comments from the CPG and other entities asserting that the FFS and proposed plan do not comply with CERCLA) which public comment period ended on August 20, 2014. The CPG submitted to the EPA a draft RI report in February 2015 and draft FS report in April 2015 for the entire lower miles of the River. On March 4, 2016, the EPA issued a Record of Decision ("ROD") selecting the remedy for the lower miles of the River. The cleanup plan adopted by the EPA is now considered a final action for the lower miles of the River and will include the removal of million cubic yards of sediment, placement of a cap over the entire lower miles of the River, and, according to the EPA, will cost approximately billion and take years to implement after the remedial design is completed. On September 30, 2016, Occidental Chemical Corporation ("OCC") entered into an agreement with the EPA to perform the remedial design for the cleanup plan for the lower miles of the River. The remedial design is expected to be substantially completed in 2023. On June 30, 2018, OCC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against over companies, including the Company, seeking CERCLA cost recovery or contribution for past costs relating to various investigations and cleanups OCC has conducted or is conducting in connection with the River. According to the complaint, OCC has incurred or is incurring costs which include the estimated cost million) to complete the remedial design for the cleanup plan for the lower miles of the River. OCC also seeks a declaratory judgment to hold the defendants liable for their proper shares of future response costs for OCC's ongoing activities in connection with the River. The Company and other defendants have answered the complaint and currently are engaged in discovery with OCC. On February 24, 2021, the Company and other defendants filed a third party complaint against the Passaic Valley Sewerage Commissioners and forty-two municipalities to require those entities to pay their equitable share of response costs. On October 10, 2018, the EPA issued a letter directing the CPG to prepare a streamlined feasibility study for the upper miles of the River based on an iterative approach using adaptive management strategies. The CPG submitted a revi sed draft Interim Remedy Feasibility Study to the EPA on December 4, 2020, which identifies various targeted dredge and cap alternatives with costs that range from million to million (net present value). The EPA approved the Interim Remedy Feasibility Study on December 11, 2020. The EPA issued the Interim Remedy Proposed Plan on April 14, 2021, selecting an alternative that the EPA estimates will cost million (net present value). The CPG continues to conduct work to complete the RI/FS for the entire -mile River. The EPA issued the Interim Remedy ROD on September 28, 2021. The Company and other parties received a letter dated March 31, 2016 from the EPA notifying such parties of potential liability for the costs of the cleanup of the lower miles of the River and a letter dated March 30, 2017 stating that the EPA had offered of the parties (not including the Company) an early cash out settlement. In a letter dated May 17, 2017, the EPA stated that these parties did not discharge any of the hazardous substances identified as the contaminants of concern in the lower mile ROD. In the March 30, 2017 letter, the EPA stated that other parties who did not discharge dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls (which are considered the contaminants of concern posing the greatest risk to human health or the environment) may also be eligible for cash out settlement, but expects those parties' allocation to be determined through a complex settlement analysis using a third-party allocator. The EPA subsequently clarified this statement to say that such parties would be eligible to be "funding parties" for the lower mile remedial action with each party's share of the costs determined by the EPA based on the allocation process and the remaining parties would be "work parties" for the remedial action. The Company asserts that it did not discharge dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls and should be eligible to be a "funding party" for the lower mile remedial action. The Company participated in the allocation process. The allocator selected by the EPA issued a confidential allocation report on December 28, 2020, which was reviewed by the EPA. As a result of the allocation process, on February 11, 2022, the EPA and certain parties (including the Company) reached an agreement in principle for a cash-out settlement for remediation of the entire -mile Lower Passaic River. On December 16, 2022, the United States lodged a Consent Decree with the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey in United States v. Alden Leeds, Inc. et al. (No. 2:22-cv-07326) that addresses the liability of 85 parties (including the Company) for an aggregate amount of million based on the EPA-sponsored allocation report that found OCC responsible for the cleanup costs of the River. The Consent Decree is subject to a 45-day public comment period (which may be extended by the Court) after which the Court will enter or disapprove the Consent Decree. On December 20, 2022, various defendants (including the Company) in the OCC litigation filed an unopposed motion to stay the litigation for six months. The Court has not yet ruled on the motion to stay. At this time, the Company cannot reasonably estimate its liability related to the litigation and remediation efforts, excluding the RI/FS and remediation actions at mile , as the OCC litigation is pending and the EPA settlement process has not been completed and requires court approval. 
 Per the terms of a Final Order and Judgment approved by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida on January 22, 1991, Emhart is responsible for a percentage of remedial costs arising out of the Kerr McGee Chemical Corporation Superfund Site located in Jacksonville, Florida. On March 15, 2017, the Company received formal notification from the EPA that the EPA had issued a ROD selecting the preferred alternative identified in the Proposed Cleanup Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved million for this site. 
 The environmental liability for certain sites that have cash payments beyond the current year that are fixed or reliably determinable have been discounted using a rate of to , depending on the expected timing of disbursements. The 
 114 

million and million, respectively. The payments relative to these sites are expected to be million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million thereafter. 
 The amount recorded for identified contingent liabilities is based on estimates. Amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. Actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the estimates, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures. Subject to the imprecision in estimating future contingent liability costs, the Company does not expect that any sum it may have to pay in connection with these matters in excess of the amounts recorded will have a materially adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

T. 
 
 million. This divestiture did not qualify for discontinued operations and therefore, its results are included in the Company's continuing operations within the Industrial segment for all periods presented through the date of sale. ) 
 
 In addition, the Company recognized a million pre-tax asset impairment charge to adjust the carrying amount of the long-lived assets of the Oil Gas business to its fair value less the costs to sell during the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 Commercial Electronic Security and Healthcare businesses 
 
 On July 22, 2022, the Company completed the previously announced sale of its Convergent Security Solutions ("CSS") business comprised of the commercial electronic security and healthcare businesses to Securitas AB for net proceeds of billion and a pre-tax gain of million. 
 
 As part of the purchase and sale agreement, the Company will perform transition services relating to certain administrative functions for Securitas AB for an initial period of one year or less, pending integration of these functions into their pre-existing business processes. A portion of the billion net proceeds received at closing was deferred to reimburse the Company for transition service costs expected to be incurred. 
 
 Mechanical Access Solutions business 
 
 On July 5, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its Mechanical Access Solutions ("MAS") business comprised of the automatic doors business to Allegion plc for net proceeds of million and a pre-tax gain of million. 
 
 As part of the purchase and sale agreement, the Company will perform transition services relating to certain administrative functions for Allegion plc for an initial period of or less, pending integration of these functions into their pre-existing business processes. 
 
 The CSS and MAS divestitures represent a single plan to exit the Security segment and are considered a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. As such, the operating results of CSS and MAS are reported as discontinued operations. Amounts previously reported have been reclassified to conform to this presentation to allow for meaningful comparison of continuing operations. These divestitures allow the Company to invest in other areas that fit into its long-term strategy. 

115 

Cost of sales Selling, general, and administrative (1) 
 Gain on sale of discontinued operations Other, net and restructuring charges Earnings from discontinued operations before income taxes Income taxes on discontinued operations ) Net earnings from discontinued operations 
 (1) Includes provision for credit losses. 
 
 The following table presents the significant non-cash items and capital expenditures for the discontinued operations with respect to CSS and MAS that are included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each fiscal year ended: 
 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Stock-based compensation 
 
 As of January 1, 2022, the assets and liabilities related to CSS and MAS were classified as held for sale on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. There were no assets or liabilities held for sale relating to the Oil Gas business as of January 1, 2022. The carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities that were aggregated in assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale as of January 1, 2022 are presented in the following table: 
 (Millions of Dollars) January 1, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net Inventories, net Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill and other intangibles, net Other assets Total assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 2020 DIVESTITURES 
 
 On November 2, 2020, the Company sold its commercial electronic security businesses in countries in Europe and emerging markets within the Security segment, which resulted in net proceeds of million. The Company also sold a product line within Oil Gas in the Industrial segment during the fourth quarter of 2020. As a result of these sales, the Company recognized a net pre-tax loss of million in 2020, consisting of a million loss on the sale of a product line within Oil Gas partially offset by a million gain on the sale of the commercial electronic security businesses. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of million as a result of the finalization of the purchase price for the commercial electronic security divestiture. 
 
 These divestitures allow the Company to invest in other areas that fit into its long-term strategy. These disposals do not qualify as discontinued operations and are included in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented through their respective dates of sale in 2020. Pre-tax income for these businesses totaled million for the year ended January 2, 2021. 
 
 116 

Gross profit Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations ) Less: Net earnings attributable to non-controlling interest Less: Preferred stock dividends and beneficial conversion feature Net Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners ) Add: Contract adjustment payments accretion Net Earnings (Loss) from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted ) Net earnings from discontinued operations Net Earnings (Loss) Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted ) Basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Total basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Total diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) 2021 Net Sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative (1) 
 Net earnings from continuing operations Less: Net losses attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) Less: Preferred stock dividends and beneficial conversion feature Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners Add: Contract adjustment payments accretion Net Earnings from Continuing Operations Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted Net earnings from discontinued operations Net Earnings Attributable to Common Shareowners - Diluted Basic earnings per share of common stock: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total basic earnings per share of common stock Diluted earnings per share of common stock: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Total diluted earnings per share of common stock 

117 

million of pre-tax acquisition-related and other charges and an million tax benefit related to these charges. 
 million loss million after-tax) 
 ) per diluted share 
 Q2 2022 million loss million after-tax) 
 ) per diluted share 
 Q3 2022 million loss million after-tax) 
 ) per diluted share 
 Q4 2022 million loss million after-tax) 
 ) per diluted share 

The 2021 year-to-date results above include million of pre-tax acquisition-related and other charges, a million tax benefit related to these charges, as well as million of after-tax charges related to the Company's share of equity method investment earnings. The net impact of the above items and effect on diluted earnings per share by quarter was as follows: 
 Acquisition-Related Charges Other Diluted EPS Impact Q1 2021 million loss million after-tax and equity interest) 
 ) per diluted share 
 Q2 2021 million loss million after-tax and equity interest) 
 ) per diluted share 
 Q3 2021 million loss million after-tax and equity interest) 
 ) per diluted share 
 Q4 2021 million loss million after-tax and equity interest) 
 ) per diluted share 

118 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. 
 EXHIBIT LIST 
 
 Some of the agreements included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K (whether incorporated by reference to earlier filings or otherwise) may contain representations and warranties, recitals or other statements that appear to be statements of fact. These agreements are included solely to provide investors with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. Representations and warranties, recitals, and other common disclosure provisions have been included in the agreements solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreements and often are used as a means of allocating risk among the parties. Accordingly, such statements (i) should not be treated as categorical statements of fact; (ii) may be qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreements, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement or included as exhibits hereto; (iii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material by or to investors in or lenders to the Company; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. 
 
 Accordingly, representations and warranties, recitals or other disclosures contained in agreements may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time and should not be relied on by any person other than the parties thereto in accordance with their terms. Additional information about the Company may be found in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 2.1 Acquisition Agreement by and between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and Securitas AB, dated as of December 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2021).# 
 3.1 (a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated September 15, 1998 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2010 filed on May 13, 2010). 
 (b) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated December 21, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2010 filed on May 13, 2010). 
 (c) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated March 12, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(iii) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2010 filed on May 13, 2010). 
 (d) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated November 5, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2010). 
 (e) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated April 17, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2012 filed on May 2, 2012). 
 (f) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated May 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2017). 
 (g) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated November 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2019). 
 (h) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated May 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2020). 
 (i) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated May 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021). 
 (j) Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2022). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective May 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2021). 
 4.1 (a) Indenture, dated as of June 26, 1998, by and among Black Decker Holdings Inc., as Issuer, The Black Decker Corporation, as Guarantor, and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2010). 
 
 119 

4.2 (a) Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2002 between The Stanley Works and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(vi) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2002 filed on February 28, 2003). 
 
 (b) Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 3, 2010, to the Indenture dated as of November 1, 2002, among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., The Black Decker Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (formerly known as JPMorgan Chase Bank), as Trustee, relating to the 5.20 Notes due 2040 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2010). 
 (c) Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2018, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 4.250 Notes due 2028 and the 4.850 Notes due 2048 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2018). 
 (d) Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2019, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 3.400 Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2019). 
 (e) Eight Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2020, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 2.300 Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2020). 
 (f) Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2020, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 2.750 Notes due 2050 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2020). 
 (g) Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2022, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 2.300 Notes due 2025 and the 3.000 Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2022). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of November 22, 2005, between The Stanley Works and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as indenture trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2005). 
 4.4 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2020, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.000 Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2060 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form 8-K dated February 10, 2020). 
 4.5 Description of the Company's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (filed herewith). 
 10.1 (a) Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2021 among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the initial lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14, 2021).# 
 (b) Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2022 among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2022). 
 (c) Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Five Year Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2023). 
 10.2 (a) Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2022 among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the initial lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2022). 
 
 120 

(b) Amendment No. 1 to Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2023). 
 (c) Club 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2022 among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the initial lenders named therein and Citibank, N.A. as administrative agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2022). 
 (d) Amendment No. 1 to Club 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2023, by and among Stanley Black Decker, Inc., the lenders identified on the signature pages thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as agent for the lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2023). 
 10.3 Agreement and Mutual Release, dated as of August 4, 2022, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and James Loree (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2022 filed on October 27, 2022). 
 10.4 Letter Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2022, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and Donald Allan, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2022). 
 10.5 Letter Agreement between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and John H. Wyatt dated as of December 22, 2014, as amended February 17, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 2, 2016 filed on February 19, 2016). 
 10.6 Agreement and General Release, by and between Jeffery D. Ansell and Stanley Black Decker, Inc., dated as of February 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4. 2022). 
 10.7 Change in Control Severance Agreement, dated December 4, 2018 between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and Donald Allan Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2018 filed on February 26, 2019). 
 10.8 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement (John H. Wyatt) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 2, 2021 filed on February 18, 2021). 
 10.9 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended through October 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 2, 2021 filed on February 18, 2021). 
 10.10 Deferred Compensation Plan for Participants in Stanley s Management Incentive Plan amended and restated as of December 11, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ix) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2007 filed on February 25, 2008). 
 10.11 Stanley Black Decker Supplemental Retirement Account Plan (as in effect January 1, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2022 filed on July 28, 2022). 
 10.12 Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Program as amended and restated effective October 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2015). 
 10.13 New 1991 Loan Agreement, dated June 30, 1998, between The Stanley Works, as lender, and Citibank, N.A. as trustee under the trust agreement for the Stanley Account Value Plan, to refinance the 1991 Salaried Employee ESOP Loan and the 1991 Hourly ESOP Loan and their related promissory notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 4, 1998 filed on August 18, 1998). 
 10.14 The Stanley Works Non-Employee Directors Benefit Trust Agreement dated December 27, 1989 and amended as of January 1, 1991 by and between The Stanley Works and Fleet National Bank, as successor trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10)(xvii)(a) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 1990). P 10.15 (a) The Stanley Black Decker 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 30, 2013 filed on April 26, 2013). 
 
 121 

(b) Form of Award Document for Performance Awards granted to executive officers under the Stanley Black Decker 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, updated 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16(b) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 30, 2017 filed on February 27, 2018). 
 (c) Form of stock option certificate for grants to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18(c) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2013 filed on February 21, 2014). 
 (d) Form of restricted stock unit award certificate for grants of restricted stock units to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18(d) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2013 filed on February 21, 2014). 
 (e) Form of restricted stock unit retention award certificate for grants of restricted stock units to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016 filed on February 15, 2017). 
 10.16 (a) The Stanley Black Decker 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2018 filed on July 20, 2018). 
 (b) Form of stock option certificate for grants to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16(b) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2019 filed on February 21, 2020). 
 (c) Form of restricted stock unit award certificate for grants to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16(c) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2019 filed on February 21, 2020). 
 (d) Form of restricted stock unit retention award certificate for grants to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16(d) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2019 filed on February 21, 2020). 
 (e) Form of Award Document for Performance Award granted to executive officers under the Stanley Black Decker 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17(e) to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 1, 2022 filed on February 22, 2022). 
 (f) Form of Award Document granted to executive officers under the 2019 and 2020 Management Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16(f) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2018 filed on February 26, 2019). 
 10.17 (a) The Stanley Black Decker 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 5, 2022). 
 (b) Form of stock option certificate for grants to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (filed herewith). 
 (c) Form of restricted stock unit award certificate for grants to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (filed herewith). 
 (d) Form of restricted stock unit retention award certificate for grants to executive officers pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (filed herewith). 
 (e) Letter regarding 2022-2024 Long-Term Incentive Program Special Grant to Donald Allan, Jr. pursuant to the Stanley Black Decker 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (filed herewith). 
 10.18 The Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Relating to Long-Term Performance Awards (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 29, 2018 filed on February 26, 2019). 
 
 10.19 The Stanley Black Decker, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated through October 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 2, 2021 filed on February 18, 2021). 
 10.20 The Stanley Black Decker, Inc. 2020 Restricted Stock Unit Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 on the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 28, 2019 filed on February 21, 2020). 
 
 122 

10.21 Special Severance Policy for Management Incentive Compensation Plan Participants Levels 1-5 as amended effective June 24, 2016 (filed herewith). 
 10.22 Global Omnibus Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1(a) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 13, 2019). 
 10.23 Employment Offer Letter, dated June 12, 2017, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and Janet M. Link (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 30, 2017 filed on February 27, 2018). 
 10.24 Employment Offer Letter, dated February 24, 2020, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and Graham Robinson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 2, 2021 filed on February 18, 2021). 
 10.25 Change in Control Severance Agreement (all other executive officers except Donald Allan Jr. and John H. Wyatt) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 2, 2021 filed on February 18. 2021). 
 10.26 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2022, between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2022). 
 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Power of Attorney. 
 31.1 (a) Certification by President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.1 (b) Certification by Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification by President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification by Interim Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Policy on Confidential Proxy Voting and Independent Tabulation and Inspection of Elections as adopted by The Board of Directors October 23, 1991 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit (28)(i) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 1991). P 
 101 The following materials from Stanley Black Decker Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021; (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners' Equity for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, January 1, 2022, and January 2, 2021; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page of Stanley Black Decker Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL (included within Exhibit 101). 
 # Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K and the Company agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted schedules or exhibits upon request. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. P Paper Filing Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 
 123 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 exhibit45-descriptionofsec.htm
 EX-4.5

Document 

EXHIBIT 4.5 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following is a description of the material terms of our common stock. It does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the certificate of incorporation ), our Amended & Restated Bylaws, as amended (the bylaws ), and the Connecticut Business Corporation Act (the CBCA ). Copies of the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibits 3.1 (a) through (j) and 3.2, respectively, to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The terms Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., we, our and us refer to Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., a Connecticut corporation, and do not, unless otherwise specified, include its subsidiaries. 
 General 
 Each shareholder of record of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on every matter properly submitted to the shareholders for their vote. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. After satisfaction of the dividend rights of holders of preferred stock, if any, holders of common stock are entitled ratably to any dividend declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available for this purpose. 
 Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably our net assets available, if any, after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Holders of our common stock have no redemption or conversion rights, no sinking fund provisions and no preemptive right to subscribe for or purchase additional shares of any class of our capital stock. 
 The outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable, and any shares of common stock and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants or conversion or exchange of debt securities or preferred stock which are convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, or in connection with the obligations of a holder of stock purchase contracts to purchase our common stock, when issued in accordance with their terms will be fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Other Agreements 
 The rights of our shareholders and related matters are governed by the CBCA, the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws. Provisions of the CBCA, the certificate of incorporation and the bylaws, which are summarized below, may discourage or make more difficult a takeover attempt that shareholders might consider in their best interest. These provisions may also adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 
 Board of Directors 
 The certificate of incorporation provides that the board of directors shall consist of not less than nine nor more than eighteen directors, the exact number to be fixed by the board of directors from time to time. At each annual meeting of the shareholders, each nominee for director shall stand for election to a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of shareholders. Despite the expiration of a director s term, such director shall continue to serve until either the director s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or there is a decrease in the number of directors. In no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director. Any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by the board of directors, whether such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise. The certificate of incorporation also provides that directors may be removed from office, but only for cause by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast thereon. 
 Shareholder Action by Written Consent Special Meetings 
 Under the certificate of incorporation, any actions required or permitted by the CBCA to be taken by our shareholders may be taken without a meeting, and without prior notice, if consents in writing setting forth such action are signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be required to authorize or take the action at a meeting provided that the record date for determining the shareholders entitled to consent to such action in writing must be fixed in accordance with the certificate of incorporation. In addition, shareholders will not be entitled to act by written consent if, in the good faith determination of our board of directors, (1) the request for a record date does not comply with the certificate of 

incorporation, (2) the action relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for shareholder action under the CBCA, (3) the request for a record date for such action is not timely submitted to us in accordance with the certificate of incorporation, (4) an identical or substantially similar item of business, other than the election of directors, was (i) presented at a meeting of our shareholders not more than 12 months before the request for a record date for such action was received by us, (ii) presented at a meeting of our shareholders held within 90 days before we received the request for a record date or (iii) included in our notice of meeting as an item of business to brought before an annual or special meeting of our shareholders that has been called but not yet held or that is called to be held within 90 days after we received the request for a record date for such action, provided that, for purposes of this clause (4), the nomination, election or removal of directors shall be deemed to be an identical or substantially similar item of business with respect to all actions involving the nomination, election or removal of directors, changing the size of the board of directors and filling of vacancies and or newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, or (5) the request for a record date for such action was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act or other applicable law. Otherwise, shareholders will only be able to take action at an annual or special meeting called in accordance with the bylaws. 
 The bylaws provide that special meetings of shareholders may only be called by 
 a majority of our board of directors 
 the chairman of the board 
 the chief executive officer 
 the secretary or 
 the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer or the secretary upon the written request of the holders of shares having at least twenty-five percent (25 of the voting power of all shares of our common stock entitled to vote on any issue proposed to be considered at such meeting. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Director Nominations and Other Proposals 
 Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to shareholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. 
 Director Nominations. The bylaws contain advance notice procedures with regard to shareholder proposals related to the nomination of candidates for election as directors. These procedures provide that, for a nomination of a candidate for election as a director to be brought properly before an annual meeting of shareholders, notice of such nomination must be received at our executive offices at least 90 days, but no more than 120 days, before the first anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders provided, however, that in the event the annual meeting is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder must be received not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting or on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever occurs first. Our bylaws require that all directors be shareholders of record. To be proper in form, a shareholder s notice of a nomination must contain certain information and otherwise comply with the requirements set forth in the bylaws. 
 Other Proposals. The bylaws also contain notice procedures for other shareholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting. For a shareholder proposal to be brought properly before an annual meeting of shareholders, notice of such proposal must be received at our executive offices at least 90 days, but no more than 120 days, before the first anniversary of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders provided, however, that in the event the annual meeting is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder must be received not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting or on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which notice of the date of the annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever occurs first. To be proper in form, a shareholder s notice of the proposal must contain certain information and otherwise comply with the requirements set forth in the bylaws. 
 If the chairperson of the annual meeting determines that a shareholder proposal or nomination was not properly before such annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in the bylaws, the chairperson will declare that such business may not be transacted or that such nomination is void and shall be disregarded. 
 Antitakeover Legislation 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 33-844 of the CBCA which prohibits a Connecticut corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of five years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder, unless the business combination or the purchase of stock by which such person becomes an interested shareholder is approved by our board of directors, and by a majority of our non-employee directors, prior to the date on which the person becomes an interested shareholder. A 

business combination generally includes mergers, asset sales, some types of stock issuances and other transactions with, or resulting in a disproportionate financial benefit to, the interested shareholder. Subject to exceptions, an interested shareholder is a person who owns 10 or more of our voting power, or is an affiliate or associate of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and owned 10 or more of our voting power within the past five years. 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, the affirmative vote by the holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our voting stock is required for the approval or authorization of any business combination involving an interested shareholder. This voting requirement does not apply if 
 2 3 of our disinterested directors who constitute Continuing Directors under our certificate of incorporation expressly approve the proposed business combination or 
 The following conditions are satisfied 
 The cash and fair market value of other consideration received on a per share basis by each shareholder is no less than the highest per share price (or the equivalent value) paid by the interested shareholder in acquiring our capital stock 
 A proxy statement is mailed to all shareholders of the corporation for the purpose of soliciting shareholder approval of the business combination and 
 After the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder, (a) and prior to the consummation of the business combination, (i) there was no failure to declare and timely pay any full periodic dividends on any outstanding preferred stock (ii) there was no reduction in the annual rate of dividends paid on the outstanding common stock, except as necessary to reflect any subdivision thereof and an increase in such annual rate of dividends as necessary to reflect any reclassification, including any reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization or any similar transaction which has the effect of reducing the number of outstanding shares of common stock and (iii) the interested shareholder has not become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of our stock except as part of the transaction which resulted in such interested shareholder becoming an interested shareholder or by virtue of proportionate stock splits or stock dividends and (b) the interested shareholder has not received the benefit, except proportionately as a shareholder, of any loans, advances, guarantee, pledges or other financial assistance or any tax credits or other tax advantages provided by Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries, whether in anticipation of or in connection with such business combination or otherwise. 
 This majority vote is required even if no vote or a lesser percentage is required by any applicable laws. Additionally, the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of our outstanding shares of capital stock is required to modify this section of our certificate of incorporation. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provision in our certificate of incorporation applicable to business combinations, we are also subject to Section 33-841 and Section 33-842 of the CBCA. These provisions generally require business combinations with an interested shareholder to be approved by the board of directors and then by the affirmative vote of at least 
 the holders of 80 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our voting stock and 
 the holders of 2 3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our voting stock, excluding the voting stock held by the interested shareholder 
 unless the consideration to be received by the shareholders meets certain price and other requirements set forth in Section 33-842 of the CBCA or unless the board of directors of the corporation has by resolution determined to exempt business combinations with that interested shareholder prior to the time that such shareholder became an interested shareholder. 
 We are also subject to Section 33-756(g) of the CBCA, generally permitting directors acting with respect to mergers, sales of assets and other specified transactions to consider, in determining what they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of the corporation, specified interests, including those of the corporation s employees, customers, creditors and suppliers and any community in which any office or other facility of the corporation is located. Section 33-756(g) of the CBCA also allows a director to consider, in the discretion of such director, any other factors the director reasonably considers appropriate in determining what the director reasonably believes to be in the best interest of the corporation. 
 Limitation of Liability of Directors 
 The certificate of incorporation contains provisions permitted under the CBCA relating to the personal liability of directors. The provisions limit the personal liability to us or our shareholders of a director for monetary damages for 

breach of duty as a director to an amount that is not more than the compensation received by that director for serving us during the year of the violation to the extent permitted by applicable law, which permits such limitation provided that such violation must not involve a knowing and culpable violation of law, enable the director or an affiliate to receive an improper personal gain, show a lack of good faith and a conscious disregard for the director s duty to the corporation, amount to an abdication of the director s duty to the corporation, or create liability for an unlawful distribution. Our bylaws provide for the indemnification and reimbursement of, and advances of expenses to, any person that is made a party to an action by reason of the fact that he or she 
 is or was our director, officer, employee or agent, or 
 served at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation. 
 Our bylaws provide for indemnification of directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Connecticut law. 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SWK. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Investor Services, LLC. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.17(B)>
 3
 a1017b-stockoptioncertific.htm
 EX-10.17(B)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.17(b) 

 2022 Omnibus Award Plan 

Stock Option Grant Certificate 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this certificate, 
 ParticipantName has been awarded an Option to purchase AwardsGranted Shares as follows 
 Grant Date GrantDate 
 Expiration Date ExpirationDate 
 Purchase Price Per Share GrantPrice 
 Vests as set forth in your Equity Plan account for this Option grant 
 
 Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 
 As a member of the Stanley Black & Decker team, your skills and contributions are vital to our Company's and its Shareholders continued success. This award of stock options provides you with the opportunity to earn significant financial rewards for your efforts and contributions to making Stanley Black & Decker the most successful company it can be. 
 On behalf of the Board of Directors, Congratulations. 

Donald Allan Jr. President & Chief Executive Officer Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 

NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION TERMS 
 
 This certifies that Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company has on the Grant Date granted to the Grantee named in this Award Certificate the option (the Option to purchase, on or before the Expiration Date at the Purchase Price per share of the common stock of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., par value 2.50 per share (the Common Stock all as set forth in this Award Certificate. The Option is granted subject to the following terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of the Company s 2022 Omnibus Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). A copy of the Plan is available upon request. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award Certificate, the terms of the Plan shall govern. For purposes of this Award Certificate, if the Grantee is not employed by the Company, Employer means the Affiliate that employs the Grantee. 
 
 1. Vesting and Exercisability. The Option will become vested and exercisable on the date (or dates) and in the amounts specified in the Grantee s Merrill Lynch (or subsequent recordkeeper s) account for this Option grant, provided the Grantee continues in employment with the Company or an Affiliate until the applicable vesting date. In addition, 100 of the Option will become vested in the event of the Grantee s termination of employment due to Retirement, Disability or death. Once vested, the vested portion of the Option may be exercised, from time to time, from the applicable vesting date until the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date set forth in this Award Certificate or (ii) the applicable date described below in paragraph 6 regarding termination of employment. Shares of Common Stock may be purchased hereunder only to the extent that this Option has become vested. If, prior to the vesting date for any portion of the Option, the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates for any reason other than Retirement, Disability or death, the unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited. 
 
 2. Process of Exercise. The vested portion of the Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, by written notification to the Company s Treasurer at the Company s executive offices in New Britain, Connecticut, or by any other procedure established by the Company from time to time. Such notification shall (i) specify the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option is being exercised, and (ii) be accompanied by payment for such shares of Common Stock. Such notification shall be effective upon its receipt by the Treasurer or any other party designated by the Treasurer on or before the Expiration Date. The Option may not be exercised with respect to a fractional share or with respect to the lesser of 100 shares or the balance of the shares then covered by the Option. In the event the Expiration Date falls on a day which is not a regular business day at the Company s executive offices in New Britain, Connecticut, then such written notification must be received at such office on or before the last regular business day prior to the Expiration Date. Payment is to be made by check payable to the order of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. or by one of the alternative methods of payment described in the Plan and acceptable to the Company s Compensation and Talent Development Committee (the Committee ). No shares of Common Stock shall be issued on exercise of the Option until full payment for such shares of Common Stock has been made and all checks delivered in payment therefor have been collected. The Grantee shall not have any rights of a shareholder upon exercise of the Option, including but not limited to, the right to vote or to receive dividends, until stock certificates have been issued to the Grantee or Grantee s ownership has been otherwise recorded. 
 
 3. Tax Withholding. 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by the Grantee is and remains the Grantee's responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant of the Option, the exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Option and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Grantee's liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 (b) Prior to the delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of the Option, if the Grantee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may withhold a sufficient number of whole shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the exercise of the Option that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Common Stock. Depending on the withholding method specified in the Plan, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. The cash equivalent of the shares of Common Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. In the event that the withholding of shares of Common Stock becomes prohibited under applicable law or otherwise may trigger adverse consequences to the Company or the Employer, the Company and the Employer may withhold the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Common Stock in cash from the Grantee's regular salary and or wages or any other amounts payable to the Grantee, or may require the Grantee to personally make payment of the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. In the event the withholding requirements are not satisfied through the withholding of shares of Common Stock by the Company or through the withholding of cash from the Grantee's regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to the Grantee, no shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Grantee (or the Grantee's estate) upon exercise of the Option unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Committee) have been made by the Grantee with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer determines, in its sole discretion, must be withheld or collected with respect to such Option. If the obligation for the Grantee's Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares of Common Stock as described herein, the Grantee shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of the exercise or any other aspect of the Option. 
 
 (c) The Grantee will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of the Grantee's participation in the Plan or the Grantee's acquisition of shares of Common Stock that cannot be satisfied by the means described herein. The Company may refuse to deliver any shares of Common Stock due upon exercise of the Option if the Grantee fails to comply with the Grantee's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described herein. If the Grantee is subject to taxation in more than one country, the Grantee acknowledges that the Company, the Employer or one or more of their respective Affiliates may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one country. The Grantee hereby consents to any action reasonably taken by the Company and the Employer to meet the Grantee's obligation for Tax-Related Items. By accepting this Option, the Grantee expressly consents to the withholding of shares of Common Stock and or withholding from the Grantee's regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to the Grantee as provided for hereunder. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Option and any shares of Common Stock delivered in payment thereof shall be the Grantee's sole responsibility. 
 
 4. Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Option is not transferable by the Grantee otherwise than (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, (ii) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or (iii) following the Grantee s Retirement, in whole or in part and without payment of consideration, to (a) the Grantee s spouse, children and grandchildren (an Immediate Family Member or Immediate Family Members, (b) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of Immediate Family Member(s), or (c) a partnership or partnerships in which Immediate Family Member(s) are the only Partner(s). More particularly (but without limiting the generality of the foregoing), the Option may not be assigned, transferred (except as provided above), pledged or hypothecated in any way, shall not be assignable by operation of law and shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process. The Company reserves the right to charge administrative fees in respect of such transfers. 
 
 5. No Right to Continued Employment. The Option does not confer upon the Grantee any right with respect to continuation of employment with the Company or any Affiliate, nor will not interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the Grantee s employment at any time. 
 
 6 . Termination of Employment . Notwithstanding any other provisions 
 
 If the Grantee s employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates for any reason other than Retirement, Disability or death, the Grantee may exercise the portion of the Option that has become vested as of the Grantee s termination date until the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date set forth in this 

Award Certificate or (ii) the last day of the two (2) month period following such termination date. If the Grantee s employment terminates due to Retirement, Disability or death, the Option will become immediately vested in full and the Grantee (or, following the Grantee s death, the person designated in the Grantee s last will and testament or if no person is designated, the Grantee s estate) may exercise the Option until the Expiration Date set forth in this Award Certificate. 
 
 Leaves of absence for such periods and purposes conforming to the personnel policy of the Company as may be approved by the Committee shall not be deemed terminations or interruptions of employment. 
 
 In the event the Option is exercised by the executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of the estate of the Grantee, the Company shall be under no obligation to issue shares unless the Company is satisfied that the person or persons exercising the Option are the duly appointed legal representatives of the Grantee s estate or the proper legatees or distributees thereof. 
 
 7. Legal and Tax Compliance Cooperation. If the Grantee is a resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Grantee agrees, as a condition of the grant of the Option, to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Option) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Grantee's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). In addition, the Grantee also agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Grantee's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). Finally, the Grantee agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Grantee's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Grantee's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). 
 
 8. Data Privacy. The Company is located at 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain Connecticut 06053 U.S.A. and grants Options to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, at its sole discretion. In accepting the Option granted under the Plan, the Grantee should carefully review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 
 (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage . The Company collects, processes and uses personal data of employees, including name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Options to acquire shares of Common Stock canceled, vested, or outstanding in the Grantee's favor, which the Company receives from the Grantee or, if different, the Employer Personal Information ). If the Company grants the Grantee an Option under the Plan, then the Company will collect the Grantee's Personal Information for purposes of allocating shares of Common Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for collecting, processing and using the Grantee's Personal Information will be the Company's necessity to execute its contractual obligations under this Award Certificate and to comply with its legal obligations. 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers the Grantee's Personal Information as necessary and appropriate to Bank of America Merrill Lynch and its affiliates BAML ), an independent service provider based in the United States which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share the Grantee's data with another company that serves in a similar manner. BAML will open an account for the Grantee to receive and trade shares of Common Stock the Grantee acquires under the Plan. The Grantee will be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with BAML, which is a condition of the Grantee's ability to participate in the Plan. 
 (c) International Data Transfers. The Grantee's Personal Information may be transferred to or otherwise processed in the United States or other jurisdictions besides the Grantee's own. The Grantee' should note that the Grantee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different) may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from those of the recipient country. Such transfers will be made pursuant to Company policies and data protection measures as detailed in the Company s Employee Privacy Policy, available by contacting Grantee s local HR manager or Global Privacy Office. 
 (d) Data Retention. The Company will use the Grantee's Personal Information as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Grantee's participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. When the Company no longer needs the Grantee's Personal Information, the Company will remove it from its systems. 
 (e) Voluntariness . The Grantee's participation in the Plan is purely voluntary. If the Grantee elects not to participate in the Plan, the Grantee's decision would not affect the Grantee's salary as an employee of the Employer or the Grantee's career the Grantee would merely forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. 
 (f) Individual Rights. The Grantee may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Grantee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Depending on where the Grantee is based, the Grantee's rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Personal Information the Company processes pursuant to this Award Certificate, (ii) request to rectify incorrect Personal Information, (iii) request to delete Personal Information, (iv) request to restrict Personal Information processing, and or (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Grantee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). To receive clarification regarding the Grantee's rights or to exercise the Grantee's rights, the Grantee should contact the Grantee's local HR department. A response to the Grantee's request will be provided consistent with applicable law. 
 (g) SBD Employee Privacy Notice . All collection and use of the Grantee's Personal Information under this Notice is made pursuant to the Company s Employee Privacy Notice (the Privacy Notice ), which the Grantee has previously received. Please see the Privacy Notice for additional information on the Company s policies regarding data retention, data security and other important information. 
 By accepting the Option as granted under the Plan, the Grantee explicitly declares that the Grantee has been informed about the collection, processing and use of the Grantee's Personal Information by the Company and the transfer of the Grantee's Personal Information to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries that have different data protection rules than in the Grantee's country of residence. 
 
 9. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws. By participating in the Plan, the Grantee agrees to comply with the Company's policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to the Grantee). The Grantee further acknowledges that, depending on the Grantee's or the Grantee's broker s country of residence or where the shares of Common Stock are listed, the Grantee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect the Grantee's ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to purchase shares of Common Stock (e.g., Option) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock, during such times the Grantee is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in the Grantee's country of residence (or country of employment, if different). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Grantee places before the Grantee possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Grantee could be prohibited from (a) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (b) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. The Grantee understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company's insider trading policy. 

The Grantee acknowledges that it is the Grantee's personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that the Grantee should consult with the Grantee's personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 10. Private Placement . If the Grantee is a resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Grantee acknowledges that the grant of the Option is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Grantee's country of residence (country of employment, if different). The Grantee further acknowledges that the Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with any securities authority other than the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the grant of the Option, unless otherwise required under local law. No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Grantee on whether the Grantee should acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan or provide the Grantee with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the Option. The acquisition of shares of Common Stock involves certain risks, and the Grantee should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan and the disposition of them. Further, the Grantee should carefully review all of the materials related to the Option and the Plan, and the Grantee should consult with the Grantee's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Grantee's personal circumstances. 
 
 11. Adjustments. In the event of a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split or other changes in corporate structure or capitalization affecting the Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock remaining to be exercised under the Option and the Purchase Price shall be appropriately adjusted by the Committee in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Plan. If, as a result of any adjustment under this paragraph, the Grantee becomes entitled to a fractional share of Common Stock, the Grantee shall have the right to purchase only the adjusted number of full shares of Common Stock and no payment or other adjustment will be made with respect to the fractional share of Common Stock so disregarded. 
 
 12. Governing Law Venue. The Plan, this Award Certificate and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to the Plan or Award Certificate shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Any disputes regarding this Option, the Award Certificate or the Plan shall be brought only in the United States in the state or federal courts of the State of Connecticut. 
 
 13. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Option or other Options granted to the Grantee under the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 14. Binding Effect. The grant of this Option shall be binding and effective only if this Award Certificate is executed by or on behalf of the Company. 
 
 15. Capitalized Terms. The term Retirement means the Grantee s termination of employment at or after attaining the age of 55 and completing 10 years of service. The term Disability has the meaning provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or any successor provision. All other capitalized terms used in this Award Certificate which are not defined herein or on the front of this Award Certificate shall have the meanings given them in the Plan unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 
 16. Miscellaneous. All decisions or interpretations of the Committee with respect to any question arising under the Plan or under the Option shall be binding, conclusive and final. The waiver by the Company of any provision of the Option shall not operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision of the Option. The Option shall be irrevocable during the Option period. Grantee agrees to execute such other agreements, documents, or assignments as may be necessary or desirable to effect the purposes of the Option. 
 
 17. Clawback Recoupment Policy. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Certificate to the contrary, the Grantee acknowledges and agrees that all shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan shall be and remain subject to any incentive compensation clawback or recoupment policy of the Company currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company and, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. No such policy adoption or amendment shall require the Grantee's prior consent. For purposes of the foregoing, the Grantee expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Grantee's behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Committee to hold the Grantee's shares of Common Stock, and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares of Common Stock and or other amounts to the Company. 
 
 18. Addendum. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Award Certificate to the contrary, the Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Grantee's country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in an applicable Addendum to this Award Certificate. Further, if the Grantee transfers residence and or employment to another country reflected in an Addendum to this Award Certificate, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Grantee to the extent the Company determines, in its discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules, and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Option and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Grantee's transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Award Certificate. 
 
 19. Additional Requirements Amendments . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Option, any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Option and the Grantee's participation in the Plan to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Option and the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Grantee to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. In addition, the Company reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions reflected in this Award Certificate, without the Grantee's consent, either prospectively or retroactively, to the extent that such amendment does not materially affect the Grantee's rights under the Option except as otherwise permitted under the Plan or this Award Certificate. 
 
 20. Nature of the Grant. In accepting the Option, the Grantee hereby acknowledges that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be terminated, suspended or amended by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Option is voluntary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Options or benefits in lieu of an Option, even if Options have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Options or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the grant of the Options and the Grantee's participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate to terminate the Grantee's employment relationship (if any) 
 (e) the Grantee is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (f) the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 

(g) the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are extraordinary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which are outside the scope of the Grantee's employment and the Grantee's employment contract, if any 
 (h) the Option and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday top-up, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments 
 (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and the value of such shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan may increase or decrease in the future 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from termination of the Grantee's status as an employee (regardless of the reason for the termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee is employed or the terms of the Grantee's employment agreement, if any) 
 (k) on the date of termination of the Grantee's status as an employee (regardless of the reason for the termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee is employed or the terms of the Grantee's employment agreement, if any), the Grantee's right to participate in the Plan, if any, will terminate (for purposes of the foregoing, the Committee shall have exclusive discretion to determine the effective date the Grantee is no longer an employee) 
 (l) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Grantee's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired or sold under the Plan 
 (m) in consideration of the grant of the Option, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Option or diminution in value of the Option or shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of the Option resulting from termination of employment by the Company or the Employer, as applicable (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws) and the Grantee hereby irrevocably releases the Company, the Employer and any Affiliates from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by acceptance of the Option, the Grantee shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Grantee's entitlement to pursue such claim and 
 (n) in the event of termination of the Grantee's employment with the Company (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), the Grantee's right to receive the Option and vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date of termination of the Grantee's active employment as determined in the discretion of the Committee unless otherwise provided in this Award Certificate or the Plan furthermore, in the event of termination of the Grantee's employment (regardless of any contractual or local law requirements), the Grantee's right to vest in the Option after such termination, if any, will be measured by the date of termination of the Grantee's active employment the Committee will have the discretion to determine the date of termination of the Grantee's active employment for purposes of the Option. 
 21. Acceptance. By electronically accepting the grant of this Option, the Grantee affirmatively and expressly acknowledges that the Grantee has read this Award Certificate, the Addendum to the Award Certificate (as applicable) and the Plan, and specifically accepts and agrees to the provisions therein. The Grantee also affirmatively and expressly acknowledges that the Company, in its sole discretion, may amend the terms and conditions reflected in this Award Certificate without the Grantee's consent, either prospectively or retroactively, to the extent that such amendment does not materially impair the Grantee's rights under the Option, and the Grantee agrees to be bound by such amendment regardless of whether notice is given to the Grantee of such change. 
 22. Miscellaneous. All decisions or interpretations of the Committee with respect to any question arising under the Plan or this Option shall be binding, conclusive and final. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Option shall not operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or of any other provision of the Option. The Grantee agrees to execute such other agreements, documents or assignments as may be necessary or desirable to effect the purposes of this Option. 
 23. English Language. If the Grantee is resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Grantee acknowledges and agrees that it is the Grantee's express intent that this Award Certificate, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Option, be drawn up in English. If the Grantee has received this Award Certificate, the Plan or any other documents related to the Option translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the meaning of the English version shall control. 
 24. Section 409A. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Grantee is subject to U.S. income taxation and is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )) at the time of the Grantee's separation from service, and the Company makes a good faith determination that an amount payable hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) the payment of which is required to be delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in Section 409A of the Code, then the Company will not pay such amount on the otherwise scheduled settlement date, but will instead pay it, without interest, on the first business day of the seventh month after the Grantee s separation from service or, if earlier, on the Grantee s death . 
 25. Other. The Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Options (i) if the Common Stock is not listed on any national securities exchange, (ii) prior to the completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares of Common Stock under any state or federal law or rulings or regulations of any governmental regulatory body, and (iii) prior to the Company obtaining any consent or approval or other clearance from any governmental agency which the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable. Shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of Options will be issued only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), and any other applicable securities laws, and the Grantee shall comply with any requirements imposed by the Committee under such laws. If the Grantee qualifies as an affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 144 Rule 144 promulgated under the Act), upon demand by the Company, the Grantee (or any person acting on the Grantee's behalf) shall deliver to the Treasurer at the time of settlement of the Options a written representation that the Grantee will acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan for the Grantee's own account, that the Grantee is not taking the shares with a view to distribution and that the Grantee will dispose of the shares of Common Stock only in compliance with Rule 144. 

</EX-10.17(B)>

<EX-10.17(C)>
 4
 a1017c-rsuawardcertificate.htm
 EX-10.17(C)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.17(c) 

 2022 Omnibus Award Plan 

Restricted Stock Unit Award 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this certificate, 
 ParticipantName has been awarded AwardsGranted Restricted Stock Units as follows 
 Grant Date GrantDate 
 Vests as set forth in your Equity Plan account for this Award 

Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 
 
 As a member of the Stanley Black & Decker team, your skills and contributions are vital to our Company's and its Shareholders continued success. This award of restricted stock units provides you with the opportunity to earn significant financial rewards for your efforts and contributions to making Stanley Black & Decker the most successful company it can be. 
 
 On behalf of the Board of Directors, Congratulations. 

Donald Allan Jr. President & Chief Executive Officer Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD TERMS 

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . This certifies that Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company has on the Award Date specified in this Award Certificate granted to the Participant named above an award (the Award of that number of Restricted Stock Units indicated in this Award Certificate, subject to certain restrictions and on the terms and conditions contained in this Award Certificate and the 2022 Omnibus Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). A copy of the Plan is available upon request. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award Certificate, the terms of the Plan shall govern. For purposes of this Award Certificate, if the Participant is not employed by the Company, Employer means the Affiliate that employs the Participant. 
 
 2. Dividend Equivalents . Amounts equal to the dividends and distributions paid on shares of the Company's common stock, 2.50 par value per share (the Common Stock ), shall be accrued for the benefit of the Participant to the same extent as if each Restricted Stock Unit then held by Participant was a share of Common Stock and shall vest and be distributed to the Participant in cash as, and to the extent that, the underlying Restricted Stock Unit(s) vest. 
 
 3. Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Certificate and the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in the amounts and on the dates specified in the Participant s Merrill Lynch (or subsequent record keeper s) account for this Award, provided the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company or an Affiliate until the applicable vesting date. 
 
 4. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . The Restricted Stock Units will be settled as soon as reasonably practicable (but in no event later than 30 days) following the earliest to occur of (i) the applicable originally-scheduled vesting date, (ii) the Participant s termination of employment due to Retirement, (iii) the Participant s termination of employment due to Disability (as defined below), and (iv) the Participant s death, in each case, at which time the applicable Restricted Stock Units shall be cancelled and in exchange therefor the Company shall cause a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of the Restricted Stock Units then cancelled to be issued to the Participant in book-entry form. Any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall be fully registered and freely transferable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, settle each vested Restricted Stock Unit in the form of (a) cash, to the extent settlement in shares of Common Stock (a) becomes prohibited under applicable laws, (b) would require the Participant, the Company or the Employer to obtain the approval of any governmental and or regulatory body in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different), or (c) is administratively burdensome or (b) shares of Common Stock, but the Company may require the Participant to immediately sell such shares of Common Stock if necessary to comply with applicable laws (in which case, the Participant hereby expressly authorizes the Company to issue sales instructions in relation to such shares of Common Stock on the Participant's behalf). 
 
 5. Forfeiture Upon Termination of Employment . If, prior to vesting of the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to Section 3, the Participant ceases to be continuously employed by either the Company or an Affiliate for any reason other than Retirement (as defined below), Disability (as defined below) or death, then the Participant s rights to all of the unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited and no shares of Common Stock shall be issued in respect thereof. Approved leaves of absence or employment transfers between the Company or an Affiliate (or vice versa) shall not be deemed terminations or interruptions of employment for vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 6. Death and Disability . Upon the Participant's death or if the Participant's employment is terminated as a result of the Participant's Disability, the Restricted Stock Units shall become immediately vested in full. Disability has the meaning provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or any successor provision. 
 
 7. Retirement . Upon the Participant's termination of employment with the Company and each of its Affiliates following the Participant's Retirement, the Restricted Stock Units shall become immediately vested in full. Retirement means the Participant s termination of employment with the Company and each of its Affiliates after attaining the age of 55 and completing 10 years of service. 
 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . Restricted Stock Units shall not be assignable, alienable, saleable, or transferable. The Award shall be transferable only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. If the Participant purports to make any transfer of the Award, except as aforesaid, the Award and all rights thereunder shall terminate immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may, in the manner established by the Committee, designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive shares of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units upon the death of the Participant. 
 
 9. Income Tax Matters . 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by the Participant is and remains the Participant's responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant of the Award, the vesting of the Award, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 (b) Prior to the delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the vesting of the Award, if the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may withhold a sufficient number of whole shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the vesting of the Award that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Common Stock. Depending on the withholding method specified in the Plan, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. The cash equivalent of the shares of Common Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. In the event that the withholding of shares of Common Stock becomes prohibited under applicable law or otherwise may trigger adverse consequences to the Company or the Employer, the Company and the Employer may withhold the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Common Stock in cash from the Participant's regular salary and or wages or any other amounts payable to the Participant, or may require the Participant to personally make payment of the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. In the event the withholding requirements are not satisfied through the withholding of shares of Common Stock by the Company or through the withholding of cash from the Participant's regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to the Participant, no shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Participant (or the Participant's estate) upon vesting or settlement of the Award unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Committee) have been made by the Participant with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer determines, in its sole discretion, must be withheld or collected with respect to such Award. If the obligation for the Participant's Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares of Common Stock as described herein, the Participant shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon vesting, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of the vesting or any other aspect of the Award. 
 
 (c) The Participant will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan or the Participant's acquisition of shares of Common Stock that cannot be satisfied by the means described herein. The Company may refuse to deliver any shares of Common Stock due upon settlement of the Award if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described herein. If the Participant is subject to taxation in more than one country, the Participant acknowledges that the Company, the Employer or one or more of their respective Affiliates may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one country. The Participant hereby consents to any action reasonably taken by the Company and the Employer to meet the Participant's obligation for Tax-Related Items. By accepting this Award, the Participant expressly consents to the withholding of shares of Common Stock and or withholding from the Participant's regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to the Participant as provided for hereunder. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Award and any shares of Common Stock delivered in payment thereof shall be the Participant's sole responsibility. 
 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) 

10. Legal and Tax Compliance Cooperation . If the Participant is a resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Participant agrees, as a condition of the grant of the Award, to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). In addition, the Participant also agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). 
 
 11. Data Privacy . The Company is located at 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain Connecticut 06053 U.S.A. and grants Awards to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, at its sole discretion. In accepting the Award granted under the Plan, the Participant should carefully review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 
 (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage . The Company collects, processes and uses personal data of employees, including name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Awards to acquire shares of Common Stock canceled, vested, or outstanding in the Participant's favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or, if different, the Employer Personal Information ). If the Company grants the Participant an Award under the Plan, then the Company will collect the Participant's Personal Information for purposes of allocating shares of Common Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for collecting, processing and using the Participant's Personal Information will be the Company's necessity to execute its contractual obligations under this Award Certificate and to comply with its legal obligations. 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers the Participant's Personal Information as necessary and appropriate to Bank of America Merrill Lynch and its affiliates BAML ), an independent service provider based in the United States which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share the Participant's data with another company that serves in a similar manner. BAML will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Common Stock the Participant acquires under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with BAML, which is a condition of the Participant's ability to participate in the Plan. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Participant's Personal Information may be transferred to or otherwise processed in the United States or other jurisdictions besides the Participant's own. The Participant should note that the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different) may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from those of the recipient country. Such transfers will be made pursuant to Company policies and data protection measures as detailed in the Company s Employee Privacy Policy, available by contacting Participant s local HR manager or Global Privacy Office. 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will use the Participant's Personal Information as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant's participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. When the Company no longer needs the Participant's Personal Information, the Company will remove it from its systems. 
 (e) Voluntariness . The Participant's participation in the Plan is purely voluntary. If the Participant elects not to participate in the Plan, the Participant's decision would not affect the Participant's salary as an employee of the Employer or the Participant's career the Participant would merely forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. 
 (f) Individual Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Depending on where the Participant is based, the Participant's rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Personal Information the Company processes pursuant to this Award Certificate, (ii) request to rectify incorrect Personal Information, (iii) request to delete Personal Information, (iv) request to restrict Personal Information processing, and or (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). To receive clarification regarding the Participant's rights or to exercise the Participant's rights, the Participant should contact the Participant's local HR department. A response to the Participant's request will be provided consistent with applicable law. 
 (g) SBD Employee Privacy Notice . All collection and use of the Participant's Personal Information under this Notice is made pursuant to the Company s Employee Privacy Notice (the Privacy Notice ), which the Participant has previously received. Please see the Privacy Notice for additional information on the Company s policies regarding data retention, data security and other important information. 
 By accepting the Award as granted under the Plan, the Participant explicitly declares that the Participant has been informed about the collection, processing and use of the Participant's Personal Information by the Company and the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries that have different data protection rules than in the Participant's country of residence. 
 
 12. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, the Participant agrees to comply with the Company's policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to the Participant). The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant's or the Participant's broker s country of residence or where the shares of Common Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect the Participant's ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock (e.g., Award) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock, during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in the Participant's country of residence (or country of employment, if different). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant places before the Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (a) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (b) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. The Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company's insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant's personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 13. Private Placement . If the Participant is a resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Participant acknowledges that the grant of the Award is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant's country of residence (country of employment, if different). The Participant further acknowledges that the Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with any securities authority other than the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the grant of the Award, unless otherwise required under local law. No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant on whether the Participant should acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan or provide the Participant with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the Award. The acquisition of shares of Common Stock involves certain risks, and the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan and the disposition of them. Further, the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Award and the Plan, and the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Participant's personal circumstances. 
 
 14. Other . The Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units (i) if the Common Stock is not listed on any national securities exchange, (ii) prior to the completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares of Common Stock under any state or federal law or rulings or regulations of any governmental regulatory body, and (iii) prior to the Company obtaining any consent or approval or other clearance from any governmental agency which the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable. Shares of Common Stock 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) 

to be issued in respect of Restricted Stock Units will be issued only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), and any other applicable securities laws, and the Participant shall comply with any requirements imposed by the Committee under such laws. If the Participant qualifies as an affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 144 Rule 144 promulgated under the Act), upon demand by the Company, the Participant (or any person acting on the Participant's behalf) shall deliver to the Treasurer at the time of settlement of the Restricted Stock Units a written representation that the Participant will acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan for the Participant's own account, that the Participant is not taking the shares of Common Stock with a view to distribution and that the Participant will dispose of the shares of Common Stock only in compliance with Rule 144. 
 
 15. No Right to Continued Employment . This Award does not confer on the Participant any right with respect to the continuation of employment with the Company or any Affiliate, nor will it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the Participant s employment at any time. 
 
 16. Governing Law Venue . The Plan, this Award Certificate and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to the Plan or Award Certificate shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Any disputes regarding this Award, the Award Certificate or the Plan shall be brought only in the United States in the state or federal courts of the State of Connecticut. 
 
 17. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Award or other awards granted to the Participant under the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 18. Binding Effect . The grant of this Award shall be binding and effective only if this Award Certificate is executed by or delivered on behalf of the Company. 
 
 19. Capitalized Terms . All capitalized terms used in this Award Certificate which are not defined in this Award Certificate shall have the meanings given them in the Plan unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 
 20. English Language . If the Participant is resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant's express intent that this Award Certificate, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Award, be drawn up in English. If the Participant has received this Award Certificate, the Plan or any other documents related to the Award translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the meaning of the English version shall control. 
 
 21. Clawback Recoupment Policy . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Certificate to the contrary, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that all shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan shall be and remain subject to any incentive compensation clawback or recoupment policy of the Company currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company and, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. No such policy adoption or amendment shall require the Participant's prior consent. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant's behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Committee to hold the Participant's shares of Common Stock, and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares of Common Stock and or other amounts to the Company. 
 
 22. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions of this Award Certificate to the contrary, the Award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in an applicable Addendum to this Award Certificate. Further, if the Participant transfers residence and or employment to another country reflected in an Addendum to this Award Certificate, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules, and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Award and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant's transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Award Certificate. 
 
 23. Additional Requirements Amendments . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Award, any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award and the Participant's participation in the Plan to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Award and the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. In addition, the Company reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions reflected in this Award Certificate, without the Participant's consent, either prospectively or retroactively, to the extent that such amendment does not materially affect the Participant's rights under the Award except as otherwise permitted under the Plan or this Award Certificate. 
 
 24. Nature of the Grant . In accepting the Award, the Participant hereby acknowledges that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be terminated, suspended or amended by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Award is voluntary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Awards or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if Awards have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Awards or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the grant of the Awards and the Participant's participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate to terminate the Participant's employment relationship (if any) 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (f) the Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (g) the Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are extraordinary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which are outside the scope of the Participant's employment and the Participant's employment contract, if any 
 (h) the Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday top-up, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments 
 (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and the value of such shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan may increase or decrease in the future 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) 

(j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from termination of the Participant's status as an employee (regardless of the reason for the termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any) 
 (k) on the date of termination of the Participant's status as an employee (regardless of the reason for the termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any), the Participant's right to participate in the Plan, if any, will terminate (for purposes of the foregoing, the Committee shall have exclusive discretion to determine the effective date the Participant is no longer an employee) 
 (l) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired or sold under the Plan 
 (m) in consideration of the grant of the Award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Award or diminution in value of the Award or shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of the Award resulting from termination of employment by the Company or the Employer, as applicable (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws) and the Participant hereby irrevocably releases the Company, the Employer and any Affiliates from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by acceptance of the Award, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Participant's entitlement to pursue such claim and 
 (n) in the event of termination of the Participant's employment with the Company (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), the Participant's right to receive the Award and vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date of termination of the Participant's active employment as determined in the discretion of the Committee unless otherwise provided in this Award Certificate or the Plan furthermore, in the event of termination of the Participant's employment (regardless of any contractual or local law requirements), the Participant's right to vest in the Award after such termination, if any, will be measured by the date of termination of the Participant's active employment the Committee will have the discretion to determine the date of termination of the Participant's active employment for purposes of the Award. 
 2 5 . Section 409A . For the avoidance of doubt, if the Participant is subject to U.S. income taxation and is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )) at the time of the Participant's separation from service, and the Company makes a good faith determination that an amount payable hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) the payment of which is required to be delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in Section 409A of the Code, then the Company will not pay such amount on the otherwise scheduled settlement date, but will instead pay it, without interest, on the first business day of the seventh month after the Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, on the Participant s death . 
 26. Acceptance . By electronically accepting the grant of this Award, the Participant affirmatively and expressly acknowledges that the Participant has read this Award Certificate, the Addendum to the Award Certificate (as applicable) and the Plan, and specifically accepts and agrees to the provisions therein. The Participant also affirmatively and expressly acknowledges that the Company, in its sole discretion, may amend the terms and conditions reflected in this Award Certificate without the Participant's consent, either prospectively or retroactively, to the extent that such amendment does not materially impair the Participant's rights under the Award, and the Participant agrees to be bound by such amendment regardless of whether notice is given to the Participant of such change. 
 27. Miscellaneous . All decisions or interpretations of the Committee with respect to any question arising under the Plan or this Award shall be binding, conclusive and final. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Award shall not operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or of any other provision of the Award. The Participant agrees to execute such other agreements, documents or assignments as may be necessary or desirable to effect the purposes of this Award. 

Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) 

</EX-10.17(C)>

<EX-10.17(D)>
 5
 a1017d-rsuretentionaward.htm
 EX-10.17(D)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.17(d) 

 2022 Omnibus Award Plan 

Restricted Stock Unit Award 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this certificate, 
 ParticipantName has been awarded AwardsGranted Restricted Stock Units as follows 
 Grant Date GrantDate 
 Vests as set forth in your Equity Plan account for this Award 
 
 Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 
 
 As a member of the Stanley Black & Decker team, your skills and contributions are vital to our Company's and its Shareholders' continued success. This award of restricted stock units provides you with the opportunity to earn significant financial rewards for your efforts and contributions to making Stanley Black & Decker the most successful company it can be. 
 
 On behalf of the Board of Directors, Congratulations. 

Donald Allan Jr. President & Chief Executive Officer Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 

Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) - retention 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD TERMS 

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . This certifies that Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company has on the Award Date specified in this Award Certificate granted to the Participant named above an award (the Award of that number of Restricted Stock Units set forth in this Award Certificate, subject to certain restrictions and on the terms and conditions contained in this Award Certificate and the 2022 Omnibus Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ). A copy of the Plan is available upon request. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Plan and this Award Certificate, the terms of the Plan shall govern. For purposes of this Award Certificate, if the Participant is not employed by the Company, Employer means the Affiliate that employs the Participant. 
 
 2. Dividend Equivalents . Amounts equal to the dividends and distributions paid on shares of the Company's common stock, 2.50 par value per share (the Common Stock ), shall be accrued for the benefit of the Participant to the same extent as if each Restricted Stock Unit then held by Participant was a share of Common Stock and shall vest and be distributed to the Participant in cash as the Restricted Stock Units vest. 
 
 3. Vesting . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Certificate and the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in the amounts and on the dates specified in the Participant s Merrill Lynch (or subsequent record keeper s) account for this Award, provided the Participant remains continuously employed by the Company or an Affiliate until the applicable vesting date. 
 
 4. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Upon vesting of Participant's Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be cancelled and in exchange therefor the Company shall cause a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of the Restricted Stock Units then cancelled to be issued to the Participant in book-entry form. Any shares of Common Stock issued with respect to the Restricted Stock Units shall be fully registered and freely transferable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, settle each vested Restricted Stock Unit in the form of (a) cash, to the extent settlement in shares of Common Stock (a) becomes prohibited under applicable laws, (b) would require the Participant, the Company or the Employer to obtain the approval of any governmental and or regulatory body in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different), or (c) is administratively burdensome or (b) shares of Common Stock, but the Company may require the Participant to immediately sell such shares of Common Stock if necessary to comply with applicable laws (in which case, the Participant hereby expressly authorizes the Company to issue sales instructions in relation to such shares of Common Stock on the Participant's behalf). 
 
 5. Forfeiture Upon Termination of Employment . If, prior to vesting of the Restricted Stock Units pursuant to Section 3, the Participant ceases to be continuously employed by either the Company or an Affiliate for any reason other than Disability (as defined below) or death, then the Participant s rights to all of the unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately and irrevocably forfeited and no shares of Common Stock shall be issued in respect thereof. Approved leaves of absence or employment transfers between the Company or an Affiliate (or vice versa) shall not be deemed terminations or interruptions of employment for vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 6. Death and Disability . Upon the Participant's death or if the Participant's employment is terminated as a result of the Participant's Disability, the Restricted Stock Units shall become immediately vested in full. Disability has the meaning provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, or any successor provision. 
 
 7. Restriction on Transfer . Restricted Stock Units shall not be assignable, alienable, saleable, or transferable. The Award shall be transferable only by will or the laws of descent and distribution. If the Participant purports to make any transfer of the Award, except as aforesaid, the Award and all rights thereunder shall terminate immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may, in the manner established by the Committee, designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to receive shares of Common Stock with respect to the Restricted Stock Units upon the death of the Participant. 
 
 8. Income Tax Matters . 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by the Participant is and remains the Participant's responsibility and that the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant of the Award, the vesting of the Award, the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 (b) Prior to the delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the vesting of the Award, if the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different) requires withholding of Tax-Related Items, the Company may withhold a sufficient number of whole shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable upon the vesting of the Award that have an aggregate Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Common Stock. Depending on the withholding method specified in the Plan, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. The cash equivalent of the shares of Common Stock withheld will be used to settle the obligation to withhold the Tax-Related Items. In the event that the withholding of shares of Common Stock becomes prohibited under applicable law or otherwise may trigger adverse consequences to the Company or the Employer, the Company and the Employer may withhold the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld with respect to the shares of Common Stock in cash from the Participant's regular salary and or wages or any other amounts payable to the Participant, or may require the Participant to personally make payment of the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld. In the event the withholding requirements are not satisfied through the withholding of shares of Common Stock by the Company or through the withholding of cash from the Participant's regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to the Participant, no shares of Common Stock will be issued to the Participant (or the Participant's estate) upon vesting or settlement of the Award unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Committee) have been made by the Participant with respect to the payment of any Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer determines, in its sole discretion, must be withheld or collected with respect to such Award. If the obligation for the Participant's Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares of Common Stock as described herein, the Participant shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon vesting, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of the vesting or any other aspect of the Award. 
 
 (c) The Participant will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of the Participant's participation in the Plan or the Participant's acquisition of shares of Common Stock that cannot be satisfied by the means described herein. The Company may refuse to deliver any shares of Common Stock due upon settlement of the Award if the Participant fails to comply with the Participant's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described herein. If the Participant is subject to taxation in more than one country, the Participant acknowledges that the Company, the Employer or one or more of their respective Affiliates may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one country. The Participant hereby consents to any action reasonably taken by the Company and the Employer to meet the Participant's obligation for Tax-Related Items. By accepting this Award, the Participant expressly consents to the withholding of shares of Common Stock and or withholding from the Participant's regular salary and or wages or other amounts payable to the Participant as provided for hereunder. All other Tax-Related Items related to the Award and any shares of Common Stock delivered in payment thereof shall be the Participant's sole responsibility. 
 
 9. Legal and Tax Compliance Cooperation . If the Participant is a resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Participant agrees, as a condition of the grant of the Award, to repatriate all payments attributable to the shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan (including, but not limited to, any proceeds derived from the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award) if required by and in accordance with local foreign exchange rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). In addition, the Participant also agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Affiliates, as may be required to allow the Company and its Affiliates to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). Finally, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant's personal legal and tax obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant's country of residence (and or country of employment, if different). 
 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) - retention 

10. Data Privacy . The Company is located at 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain Connecticut 06053 U.S.A. and grants Awards to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan to employees of the Company and its Affiliates, at its sole discretion. In accepting the Award granted under the Plan, the Participant should carefully review the following information about the Company s data processing practices. 
 
 (a) Data Collection, Processing and Usage . The Company collects, processes and uses personal data of employees, including name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Awards to acquire shares of Common Stock canceled, vested, or outstanding in the Participant's favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or, if different, the Employer Personal Information ). If the Company grants the Participant an Award under the Plan, then the Company will collect the Participant's Personal Information for purposes of allocating shares of Common Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for collecting, processing and using the Participant's Personal Information will be the Company's necessity to execute its contractual obligations under this Award Certificate and to comply with its legal obligations. 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers . The Company transfers the Participant's Personal Information as necessary and appropriate to Bank of America Merrill Lynch and its affiliates BAML ), an independent service provider based in the United States which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share the Participant's data with another company that serves in a similar manner. BAML will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Common Stock the Participant acquires under the Plan. The Participant will be asked to agree to separate terms and data processing practices with BAML, which is a condition of the Participant's ability to participate in the Plan. 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Participant's Personal Information may be transferred to or otherwise processed in the United States or other jurisdictions besides the Participant's own. The Participant should note that the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different) may have enacted data privacy laws that are different from those of the recipient country. Such transfers will be made pursuant to Company policies and data protection measures as detailed in the Company s Employee Privacy Policy, available by contacting Participant s local HR manager or Global Privacy Office. 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will use the Participant's Personal Information as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant's participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. When the Company no longer needs the Participant's Personal Information, the Company will remove it from its systems. 
 (e) Voluntariness . The Participant's participation in the Plan is purely voluntary. If the Participant elects not to participate in the Plan, the Participant's decision would not affect the Participant's salary as an employee of the Employer or the Participant's career the Participant would merely forfeit the opportunities associated with the Plan. 
 (f) Individual Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). Depending on where the Participant is based, the Participant's rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Personal Information the Company processes pursuant to this Award Certificate, (ii) request to rectify incorrect Personal Information, (iii) request to delete Personal Information, (iv) request to restrict Personal Information processing, and or (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different). To receive clarification regarding the Participant's rights or to exercise the Participant's rights, the Participant should contact the Participant's local HR department. A response to the Participant's request will be provided consistent with applicable law. 
 (g) SBD Employee Privacy Notice . All collection and use of the Participant's Personal Information under this Notice is made pursuant to the Company s Employee Privacy Notice (the Privacy Notice ), which the Participant has previously received. Please see the Privacy Notice for additional information on the Company s policies regarding data retention, data security and other important information. 
 By accepting the Award as granted under the Plan, the Participant explicitly declares that the Participant has been informed about the collection, processing and use of the Participant's Personal Information by the Company and the transfer of the Participant's Personal Information to the recipients mentioned above, including recipients located in countries that have different data protection rules than in the Participant's country of residence. 
 
 11. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws . By participating in the Plan, the Participant agrees to comply with the Company's policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to the Participant). The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant's or the Participant's broker s country of residence or where the shares of Common Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws which may affect the Participant's ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock (e.g., Award) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock, during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in the Participant's country of residence (or country of employment, if different). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant places before the Participant possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (a) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (b) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. The Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company's insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant's personal responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 12. Private Placement . If the Participant is a resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Participant acknowledges that the grant of the Award is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant's country of residence (country of employment, if different). The Participant further acknowledges that the Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filing with any securities authority other than the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the grant of the Award, unless otherwise required under local law. No employee of the Company is permitted to advise the Participant on whether the Participant should acquire shares of Common Stock under the Plan or provide the Participant with any legal, tax or financial advice with respect to the grant of the Award. The acquisition of shares of Common Stock involves certain risks, and the Participant should carefully consider all risk factors and tax considerations relevant to the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan and the disposition of them. Further, the Participant should carefully review all of the materials related to the Award and the Plan, and the Participant should consult with the Participant's personal legal, tax and financial advisors for professional advice in relation to the Participant's personal circumstances. 
 
 13. Other . The Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units (i) if the Common Stock is not listed on any national securities exchange, (ii) prior to the completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares of Common Stock under any state or federal law or rulings or regulations of any governmental regulatory body, and (iii) prior to the Company obtaining any consent or approval or other clearance from any governmental agency which the Company shall, in its sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable. Shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of Restricted Stock Units will be issued only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), and any other applicable securities laws, and the Participant shall comply with any requirements imposed by the Committee under such laws. If the Participant qualifies as an affiliate (as that term is defined in Rule 144 Rule 144 promulgated under the Act), upon demand by the Company, the Participant (or any person acting on the Participant's behalf) shall deliver to the Treasurer at the time of settlement of the Restricted Stock Units a written representation that the Participant will acquire shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan for the Participant's own account, that the Participant is not taking the shares of Common Stock with a view to distribution and that the Participant will dispose of the shares of Common Stock only in compliance with Rule 144. 
 
 14. No Right to Continued Employment . This Award does not confer on the Participant any right with respect to the continuation of employment with the Company or any Affiliate, nor will it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the Participant s employment at any time. 
 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) - retention 

15. Governing Law Venue . The Plan, this Award Certificate and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to the Plan or Award Certificate shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Any disputes regarding this Award, the Award Certificate or the Plan shall be brought only in the United States in the state or federal courts of the State of Connecticut. 
 
 16. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Award or other awards granted to the Participant under the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 17. Binding Effect . The grant of this Award shall be binding and effective only if this Award Certificate is executed by or delivered on behalf of the Company. 
 
 18. Capitalized Terms . All capitalized terms used in this Award Certificate which are not defined in this Award Certificate shall have the meanings given them in the Plan unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 
 
 19. English Language . If the Participant is resident and or employed outside of the United States, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that it is the Participant's express intent that this Award Certificate, the Plan and all other documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant to the Award, be drawn up in English. If the Participant has received this Award Certificate, the Plan or any other documents related to the Award translated into a language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the meaning of the English version shall control. 
 
 20. Clawback Recoupment Policy . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Certificate to the contrary, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that all shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan shall be and remain subject to any incentive compensation clawback or recoupment policy of the Company currently in effect or as may be adopted by the Company and, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. No such policy adoption or amendment shall require the Participant's prior consent. For purposes of the foregoing, the Participant expressly and explicitly authorizes the Company to issue instructions, on the Participant's behalf, to any brokerage firm and or third party administrator engaged by the Committee to hold the Participant's shares of Common Stock, and other amounts acquired under the Plan to re-convey, transfer or otherwise return such shares of Common Stock and or other amounts to the Company. 
 
 21. Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions of this Award Certificate to the contrary, the Award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Participant's country of residence (and country of employment, if different), as are set forth in an applicable Addendum to this Award Certificate. Further, if the Participant transfers residence and or employment to another country reflected in an Addendum to this Award Certificate, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant to the extent the Company determines, in its discretion, that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local laws, rules, and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Award and the Plan (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant's transfer). Any applicable Addendum shall constitute part of this Award Certificate. 
 
 22. Additional Requirements Amendments . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Award, any shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the Award and the Participant's participation in the Plan to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law, rules and regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Award and the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Participant to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. In addition, the Company reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions reflected in this Award Certificate, without the Participant's consent, either prospectively or retroactively, to the extent that such amendment does not materially affect the Participant's rights under the Award except as otherwise permitted under the Plan or this Award Certificate. 
 
 23. Nature of the Grant . In accepting the Award, the Participant hereby acknowledges that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, is discretionary in nature and may be terminated, suspended or amended by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan 
 (b) the grant of the Award is voluntary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Awards or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if Awards have been granted in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future Awards or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) the grant of the Awards and the Participant's participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate to terminate the Participant's employment relationship (if any) 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 (f) the Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 (g) the Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are extraordinary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which are outside the scope of the Participant's employment and the Participant's employment contract, if any 
 (h) the Award and any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday top-up, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments 
 (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and the value of such shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan may increase or decrease in the future 
 (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from termination of the Participant's status as an employee (regardless of the reason for the termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any) 
 (k) on the date of termination of the Participant's status as an employee (regardless of the reason for the termination and whether or not the termination is later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant's employment agreement, if any), the Participant's right to participate in the Plan, if any, will terminate (for purposes of the foregoing, the Committee shall have exclusive discretion to determine the effective date the Participant is no longer an employee) 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) - retention 

(l) neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Participant's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the shares of Common Stock acquired or sold under the Plan 
 (m) in consideration of the grant of the Award, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the Award or diminution in value of the Award or shares of Common Stock acquired upon vesting of the Award resulting from termination of employment by the Company or the Employer, as applicable (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of applicable labor laws) and the Participant hereby irrevocably releases the Company, the Employer and any Affiliates from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by acceptance of the Award, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived the Participant's entitlement to pursue such claim and 
 (n) in the event of termination of the Participant's employment with the Company (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), the Participant's right to receive the Award and vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date of termination of the Participant's active employment as determined in the discretion of the Committee unless otherwise provided in this Award Certificate or the Plan furthermore, in the event of termination of the Participant's employment (regardless of any contractual or local law requirements), the Participant's right to vest in the Award after such termination, if any, will be measured by the date of termination of the Participant's active employment the Committee will have the discretion to determine the date of termination of the Participant's active employment for purposes of the Award. 
 24. Acceptance . By electronically accepting the grant of this Award, the Participant affirmatively and expressly acknowledges that the Participant has read this Award Certificate, the Addendum to the Award Certificate (as applicable) and the Plan, and specifically accepts and agrees to the provisions therein. The Participant also affirmatively and expressly acknowledges that the Company, in its sole discretion, may amend the terms and conditions reflected in this Award Certificate without the Participant's consent, either prospectively or retroactively, to the extent that such amendment does not materially impair the Participant's rights under the Award, and the Participant agrees to be bound by such amendment regardless of whether notice is given to the Participant of such change. 
 25. Section 409A . For the avoidance of doubt, if the Participant is subject to U.S. income taxation and is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )) at the time of the Participant's separation from service, and the Company makes a good faith determination that an amount payable hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) the payment of which is required to be delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in Section 409A of the Code, then the Company will not pay such amount on the otherwise scheduled settlement date, but will instead pay it, without interest, on the first business day of the seventh month after the Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, on the Participant s death. 
 26. Miscellaneous . All decisions or interpretations of the Committee with respect to any question arising under the Plan or this Award shall be binding, conclusive and final. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this Award shall not operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or of any other provision of the Award. The Participant agrees to execute such other agreements, documents or assignments as may be necessary or desirable to effect the purposes of this Award. 
 
 Senior Management (MICP Level 3 and above) - retention 

</EX-10.17(D)>

<EX-10.17(E)>
 6
 a1017e-specialgranttodallan.htm
 EX-10.17(E)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.17(e) 

Deborah Wintner 
 Interim Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Stanley Black & Decker 
 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, CT 06053 

Date August 9, 2022 
 To Don Allan 
 From Deborah Wintner 
 Re 2022- 2024 Long-Term Incentive Program Special Grant 
 
 Dear Don, 
 
 It is my pleasure to formally communicate your supplemental Performance Share grant pursuant to your appointment as President & CEO. This Long Term Performance Award Program (the Program is under The Stanley Black & Decker 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (the 2022 Plan ). This Program is intended to provide substantial, equity-based awards for specified full-time members of our senior executive team, provided specific Corporate goals are achieved during the Program s 36 month measurement period (January 2022 -December 2024). 
 
 In conjunction with our short-term incentive compensation program (MICP) and our time-vesting equity award program, the Program is an important element of your total compensation package and provides a strong additional incentive to continue increasing shareholder value. 
 
 Bonus Opportunity 
 
 Each participant will have an opportunity to earn a number of Performance Shares (PS) based upon achievement of corporate financial goals and may earn additional performance shares if the corporate financial goals are exceeded, up to the maximum number of shares set forth below. Each PS unit represents one share of Stanley Black & Decker Common Stock and, accordingly, the potential value of a participant s performance award under the Program may change as our stock price changes. 
 
 The target shares in your grant have a 1,800,000 accounting fair value on the July 5, 2022 grant date (rounded to the nearest whole share). The threshold shares are half the number of the target shares, and your maximum shares are twice the number of target shares (in each case rounded to the nearest whole share). The fair value of each Performance Share with respect to the EPS and CFROI goals is 100.136, and the fair value of each Performance Share with respect to the Total Shareholder Return goal (TSR) is 80.697, as determined by Willis Towers Watson. 
 
 Your performance award covers the following number of PS units 

Threshold 
 Target Max 
 # PS 9,446 
 18,892 37,784 

Performance awards will become vested at the time of settlement to the extent that the applicable performance metrics have been achieved and provided the participant is continuously employed by 
 1 

Stanley Black & Decker until such time, as more fully set forth in the Terms and Conditions applicable to Long Term Performance Awards. 
 
 Financial Measurements 
 
 The Corporate financial goals for this Program consist of three metrics two absolute goals (EPS and CFROI) and one relative goal (Total Shareholder Return vs. peers) as set forth in the attached document. 
 
 Although this summary includes the key aspects of the Program, it is not intended to represent a full accounting of the rules and regulations applicable to the Program and is subject to the terms described in the Terms and Conditions Applicable to Long Term Performance Awards and The Stanley Black & Decker 2022 Omnibus Award Plan (available on request), which together with this document govern the Program. 
 
 If you have any questions, please contact Elizabeth Ryen at ___________________ or Michele Webster at ___________________ . 

Best regards, 
 
 Deborah Wintner 
 Interim Chief Human Resources Officer 

2 

Terms and Conditions applicable to 
 Long Term Performance Awards 
 This certifies that Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company has, on the date set forth in Award Letter to which these Terms and Conditions apply, granted to the Participant named above a performance award Performance Award of that number of Performance Shares set forth in the Award Letter, subject to certain restrictions and on the terms and conditions contained in the Award Documents and the Company s 2022 Omnibus Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the 2022 Plan ). A copy of the 2022 Plan is available upon request. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the 2022 Plan and the Award Documents, the terms of the 2022 Plan shall govern. This Performance Award represents the right of the Participant to receive a number of Shares to be issued if the Company achieves the Performance Goals for the Measurement Period and employment requirements are satisfied. 
 1. Determination of Earned Performance Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable following the completion of the applicable Measurement Period, the Committee will determine (i) whether and to what extent the applicable Performance Factor levels for the Performance Goals have been achieved, and (ii) the number of Performance Shares that are deemed earned in respect of the Measurement Period as a result of such performance, with the number of earned Performance Shares to be linearly interpolated on a straight-line basis between specified levels of performance (i.e., for performance that falls above threshold level but below target level, or above target level but below maximum level). With respect to the relative TSR metric, in the event the Company s total stock return for the three-year measurement period is negative, the payout of the portion of the award attributable to the relative TSR metric will be limited to the Target opportunity regardless of whether the stock return exceeds the 50 th percentile of the LTIP peer group. 
 In order for any Performance Shares to be earned in respect of a Performance Goal, the threshold level of achievement with respect to such Performance Goal must be achieved except that, where performance achieved is below threshold level for any metric, the number of Performance Shares to be earned with respect to that metric may be prorated on a linear basis to zero, in the sole discretion of the Committee. In addition, the number of earned Performance Shares may be adjusted up or down, at the sole discretion of the Committee, based upon any factors determined by the Committee to be appropriate, including without limitation (i) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s results of operations, (ii) any other unforeseen, unusual or extraordinary gains, losses, expenses, revenues, charges or credits not contemplated at the time of the determination of the 2022 operating plan and strategic plan and or (iii) individual performance. However, the number of Performance Shares shall not exceed the maximum number of Performance Shares eligible to be earned by the Participant hereunder. 
 Any Performance Shares determined by the Committee to have been earned in accordance with this Paragraph 1 shall be settled by the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, which issuance shall be in full settlement of the Participant s Performance Award hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant has elected to defer all or any portion of his or her earned Performance Shares, then the settlement of any Performance Shares earned in accordance with this Paragraph 1 shall be governed by the terms of the Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Relating to Long-Term Performance Awards (the Deferred Compensation Plan and the Participant s applicable election form thereunder. 
 
 2. Vesting form of settlement. Performance Awards will become vested and will be settled on the Settlement Date to the extent that the applicable performance metrics have been achieved and, except as set forth below, provided that the participant is continuously employed by the Company 
 3 

until such time. Performance Awards will be settled in shares of Company common stock as soon as practicable following the end of the Measurement Period. Performance Awards will be settled in the form of Unrestricted Stock. 
 If a participant s employment with the Company terminates prior to the date the Performance Awards are settled due to his or her Retirement, death or Disability and the participant complies with the Restrictive Covenants for the Restriction Period, the participant s Performance Award will be settled in the form of Unrestricted Stock at the same time as performance awards for active participants are settled, to the extent the applicable performance metrics have been achieved except that, if the termination occurs during the first year of the Measurement Period, such settlement shall be prorated based on the number of complete months in the Measurement Period that the participant was employed by the Company. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, a participant whose employment with the Company terminates prior to the Settlement Date for any other reason will forfeit all rights in respect of his or her Performance Award and will not be entitled to receive any Shares or other payment under the Program. 
 
 In the event that any Performance Shares are settled in connection with a termination of the Participant s employment with the Company, the Company may require the Participant to execute an effective release of claims in a form provided by the Company. 

3. Rights of a Shareholder. The Participant shall not have any rights of a shareholder with respect to the Performance Awards or any Shares issued in settlement thereof prior to the Settlement Date. 
 4. Transferability. Transferability shall be as set forth in the 2022 Plan. 
 5. Adjustments. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Committee shall have authority to make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Performance Awards granted hereunder, as set forth in the 2022 Plan. 
 6. Miscellaneous. The Committee shall have full authority to administer the Performance Awards and to interpret the terms of the Award Documents, which authority includes the authority to waive certain conditions in appropriate circumstances. All decisions or interpretations of the Committee with respect to any question arising in respect of the Performance Awards shall be binding, conclusive and final. The waiver by the Company of any provision of this document or any other Award Document shall not operate as or be construed to be a subsequent waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision of this document or any other Award Document. The validity and construction of the terms of this document and any other Award Document shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut. The terms and conditions set forth in this document and any other Award Document are subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the 2022 Plan, which shall be controlling. The Participant agrees to execute such other agreements, documents or assignments as may be necessary or desirable to effect the purposes hereof. 
 7. Unfunded Arrangement. The Performance Awards represented in the Award Documents constitute an unfunded unsecured promise of the Company and the rights of the Participant in respect of the Performance Awards are no greater than the rights of an unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 8. Detrimental Activity and Recapture Provisions . The Committee or the Board may provide for the cancellation or forfeiture of a Performance Award or the forfeiture and repayment to the Company of any gain related to a Performance Award, or other provisions intended to have a 
 4 

similar effect, upon such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Committee or the Board from time to time (including under any applicable clawback policy adopted by the Company), including, without limitation, in the event that a Participant, during employment or other service with the Company or an affiliate, engages in activity detrimental to the business of the Company. In addition, notwithstanding anything in the 2022 Plan or the Award Documents to the contrary, the Committee or the Board may also provide for the cancellation or forfeiture of a Performance Award or the forfeiture and repayment to the Company of any gain related to a Performance Award, or other provisions intended to have a similar effect, upon such terms and conditions as may be required by the Committee or the Board under Section 10D of the Exchange Act and any applicable rules or regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange or national securities association on which common stock of the Company may be traded or under any clawback policy adopted by the Company. 
 9. Capitalized Terms. The following capitalized terms shall have the meaning set forth below for purposes of this Letter. All other capitalized terms used in this document shall have the meanings set forth in the 2022 Plan. 
 Award Documents. The documents provided to a Participant that advise the Participant that he or she has been selected to Participate in the Performance Award Program and set forth the Performance Factors, Performance Goals, amounts payable at the Threshold, Target and Maximum Levels, and the terms and conditions applicable to the Award, which shall consist of an Award Letter, signed by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Human Resources Officer, and the documents referenced therein. 
 Disability . Disability has the meaning provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or any successor provision. 
 Measurement Period. The period during which financial performance is measured against the applicable Performance Goals as set forth in the Award Documents. 
 Performance Factors. Threshold, Target and Maximum performance to be achieved over the Measurement Period. 
 Performance Goals. Goals established by the Committee or, pursuant to an appropriate delegation of authority, the Chief Executive Officer, for performance of the Company as a whole and or specific businesses or functions during the Measurement Period. The Performance Goals applicable to a Participant for a particular Measurement Period, if not enclosed with the Award Letter, will be promptly communicated to the Participant by a member of the Company s Human Resources Department. 
 Restriction Period. The period of time between the Termination Date and the Settlement Date, or the period of restriction contained in any Restrictive Covenant Agreement executed by the Participant with respect to Participant s employment with the Company, whichever is longer. 
 Restrictive Covenants. The Restrictive Covenants contained in any Restrictive Covenant Agreement executed by a Participant regarding his or her employment with the Company or a subsidiary thereof. To be eligible to receive distributions of Performance Awards following a termination of employment due to Retirement, death or Disability, Participant understands and agrees that (i) Participant may not accept employment (as an employee or contractor) for a competitor of the Company, disparage the Company or any of its 
 5 

employees, solicit customers of the Company, or solicit employees of the Company for employment directly or indirectly, at any time during the Restriction Period and (ii) in the event Participant fails to comply with clause (i), Participant will not be eligible to receive any distribution Participant otherwise would have received under this provision. The Restrictive Covenants set forth herein apply only to eligibility to receive distributions of Performance Awards following a termination of employment due to Retirement, death or Disability. Because they serve only as a condition to eligibility to receive a Performance Award, these Restrictive Covenants are in addition to, and do not supersede, any Restrictive Covenants set forth in any written employment agreement or other agreement with a Participant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the restrictions contained herein (i) are not intended to, and shall be interpreted in a manner that does not limit or restrict you from exercising any legally protected whistleblower rights (including pursuant to Rule 21F under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and (ii) do not apply to any Participant working from or based in any jurisdiction where such restrictions are prohibited, including, without limitation, the State of California. 
 Retirement. The Participant s termination of employment with the Company and each of its Affiliates after attaining the age of 55 and completing 10 years of service. 
 Settlement Date. The date payments are made to Participants based on the Performance Goals achieved for the Measurement Period. The payments will generally occur by March 15 of the year following the Measurement Period. 
 Shares. Shares of Unrestricted Stock to be issued if Performance Goals are achieved, as specified in the Award Documents. 
 Termination Date. The date upon which the participant ceases to be an employee of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., or a subsidiary thereof. 
 Unrestricted Stock. Common Stock of the Company that may be sold at any time. 

6 

</EX-10.17(E)>

<EX-10.21>
 7
 a1021micpseparationpolicye.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.21 

HUMAN RESOURCE GUIDELINES 

SUBJECT EXECUTIVE SEPARATION PAY POLICY (LEVELS 1-5) 
 
 POLICY NO. 3001a DATE OF ISSUE 6 24 2016 

PURPOSE 
 The purpose of the Executive Separation Pay Policy Plan of Stanley Black & Decker (SBD) is to provide salary replacement on a short-term basis to eligible employees who participate in the Company s Management Incentive Compensation Plan MICP Levels 1-5 and equivalent positions whose job has been permanently and involuntarily eliminated as a direct result of a Job Loss Event. The objective of this Plan is to help affected individuals transition to new employment without any loss in base compensation for the specified period. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2014, this Plan alone governs all separation payments to executive level employees in the U.S. This Plan supersedes and replaces any previous employee benefit plan related to separation or separation pay (including any earlier Black & Decker or Stanley Works plan). 

ELIGIBILITY 
 Employees who are eligible to receive benefits under this Executive Separation Pay Policy are those employees who, in the year of their separation from the Company, are actively participating in the MICP Levels 1-5 and equivalent positions who have been involuntarily terminated due to a Job Loss Event. 
 
 A Job Loss Event is defined as an employment termination that is 1) permanent in nature, 2) involuntary, 3) initiated by the Company through no fault of the affected employee, and 4) the direct result of a job elimination or combination with another position. 
 
 The term job loss event shall not include any employment termination for any other reason including, without limitation, involuntary reductions caused by unforeseen or emergency circumstances or decreased market demand, even if such job reductions are permanent. Further, a Job Loss Event shall not include situation where the Company offers to continue the employee 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 1 of 8 

in a job that is substantially similar in nature to his or her job, regardless of whether the employee accepts or rejects such employment opportunity. 
 
 Separation pay will not be paid to employees who terminate due to voluntary termination, retirement, or failure to return from an approved leave of absence. 
 
 Separation pay will not be paid to an employee who is discharged for unacceptable job performance or for violation(s) of reasonable rules of conduct including, but not limited to, those found in the Global Business Conduct Guidelines. 
 
 Separation pay will not be paid at the time of the sale of a business unit or portion thereof (or its assets) or when a department or function is outsourced to a third party if the purchaser or third party offers to continue the employee in his or her job or in a job that is substantially similar in nature to his or her job, regardless of whether the employee accepts or rejects such employment opportunity. 
 
 This policy excludes all employees other than those participating in the Corporate Management Incentive Compensation Plan Levels 1-5 and equivalent positions. 

SEPARATION PAY 
 An employee whose employment is involuntarily terminated due to a Job Loss Event will be eligible to receive a separation benefit. 
 
 An employee who has been re-hired will only be entitled to a new separation payment based on Company service from his or her most recent re-hire date through his or her last day of work. 

ELIGIBILITY SCHEDULE FOR SEPARATION PAY 
 The following is the eligibility schedule for separation pay 
 
 Job Loss Event 
 Eligible employees who participate in the Corporate Management Incentive Compensation Plan at Level 4 or 5 and equivalent positions will receive twenty-six (26) weeks of separation pay regardless of their length of service. Eligible employees who participate in the Corporate Management Incentive Compensation Plan at Level 3 or higher will receive fifty-two (52) weeks of separation pay regardless of their length of service. Separation pay will equal 100 of the employee s base weekly pay. 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 2 of 8 

Release and Waiver 
 An employee s eligibility to receive benefits under this Plan is contingent upon him or her first signing a release and waiver in the form provided them by the Company which may include, without limitation, a covenant not to compete, a no solicitation of employees restriction, a no solicitation of customers restriction, and other clauses deemed relevant by the Company. An employee who, for whatever reason, elects not to sign such a release and waiver is not eligible for any separation pay. 
 
 Special Pay for a Facility Closure 
 If the Job Loss Event is due to a full facility closing, as determined by the Company, the employee will be eligible to receive the greater of their separation pay entitlement under this policy or the amount their length of service entitles them to pursuant to the Facility Closure Schedule see Appendix A to HR Guideline 3001 for a complete schedule of separation pay eligibility due to a Facility Closure). Separation pay benefits will be paid in full regardless of re-employment, however, if the employee is rehired by the Company, separation payments would cease. 
 
 In the case of a Job Loss Event or Facility Closure, separation pay will be reduced by any other payments (other than applicable unpaid paid time off benefits) due to termination of employment, not counting unemployment compensation, and by any period of advanced notice of termination required by law or contract in which the employee is not required to work. 

SPECIAL MEDICAL & DENTAL SUBSIDY 
 Affected employees who are at least 55 years of age and have at least 20 years of service with the Company will be eligible to receive a special medical and dental subsidy, if they elect either retiree or COBRA health care benefits. This subsidy is equal to 50 of normal COBRA costs for up to 18 months or the employee can elect to have the same subsidized dollar amount applied to retiree medical premiums (if they qualify) for the same period of time. The subsidy ends the first of the month in which the retiree turns age 65 or 18 months, whichever comes first. If the employee reaches age 65 while receiving the subsidy and the under age 65 spouse is still eligible for additional months under the 18 month rule, the spouse continues the subsidy for the remainder of the 18 months or first of the month in which the spouse turns 65, whichever occurs first. 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 3 of 8 

BENEFITS FOR TERMINATED EMPLOYEES 
 Eligibility for Company benefit programs for terminating employees cease at various times in accordance with the following schedule (Refer to the Separation Guide for more details) 
 
 - on the last day worked paid time off (not including holidays), short and long term disability, business travel accident insurance, 401(k) savings plan, deferred compensation and pension plan (if applicable), voluntary benefits (including homeowners, auto and pet insurance) and company service awards. 
 
 - on the last day of the last month of your last day paid, including separation pay, and has made any required contributions medical, dental, and vision (if applicable) basic, supplemental and dependent life insurance, and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, group legal, employee assistance program (EAP) and Flexible Spending Accounts, if applicable. 
 
 A. Paid Time Off Paid Time Off pay will be paid in accordance with the provisions of the Paid Time Off Human Resource Guideline 2002. 
 
 B. Disability Benefits - There is no conversion privilege for short term disability benefits. However, Executive Long Term Disability can be continued if the employee chooses to do so and applies and pays for the first premium within 60 days of their last day worked. At the time of termination, a conversion option is available to participants enrolled in Executive LTD to convert the Executive LTD group benefit and also continue the Individual Executive LTD portion of the benefit. The group Executive LTD benefit may be converted at group conversion rates determined by the insurance company up to certain guaranteed maximum benefit amounts, provided the employee has been covered by the plan for the last 12 months. When these policies are continued, the employee is required to pay the premiums directly to the insurance company. Lindberg & Ripple, the insurance agents handling the Executive LTD plan, can provide more conversion information at (860)761- 9790. 
 
 C. Basic & Supplemental Life Insurance AD&D - All employees receiving separation pay will remain enrolled in the active Basic and Supplemental employee and dependent life insurance and AD&D plans in which they were enrolled on their last day worked through the end of the month of the last day paid, including separation pay, provided they make the necessary Supplemental Life AD&D contributions. Employees may convert and or port their active life insurance coverage to an individual policy within 31 days of their coverage end date, according to the terms of the insurance plan. There is a conversion option under the Basic and Supplemental Life insurance plans. There is also a portability option (with more favorable rates) under the Supplemental Life plan only. Conversion and Portability forms are available on uCentral. 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 4 of 8 

D. Executive Life - (MICP Level 4 and above) The company will continue paying the Executive Life premiums until the end of the calendar quarter coincident with or following the last day paid. At that time, eligible employees can discuss continuation alternatives with Lindberg & Ripple, the insurance agent handling this Executive Life plan. For more information, call Lindberg & Ripple at (860)761-9790. If the employee qualifies for a final retirement funding payment under the terms of the Executive Life insurance plan, the company will make this payment according to the retirement terms of the Executive Life Insurance plan based on your age and years of service. 
 
 E. Medical, Dental, and Vision Care - All employees receiving separation pay will remain enrolled in the active medical, dental and vision insurance plans in which they were enrolled on the last day worked through the end of the month of the last day paid, including separation pay, provided they make the necessary contributions. 
 
 At such time, employees may elect to continue their group medical, dental and or vision insurance under COBRA regulations for a period of up to 18 months (or up to 36 months upon a second qualifying event such as death, divorce or when a dependent child ceases to be a dependent) by electing COBRA within the time allowed under federal law and making the premium payments in advance. Once on COBRA, if the cobra participant becomes entitled (enrolled) in Medicare, the COBRA coverage will end per federal regulations. 
 
 At the end of the COBRA continuation period, retiree coverage cannot be elected and a medical conversion option is not available. 
 
 All employees who are at least 55 years of age with at least 10 years of service as of their last day paid may, in lieu of exercising any COBRA rights, elect coverage under the retiree medical and, provided the employee is under age 65, dental plans. Retirees pay the full cost of retiree coverage unless they qualify for the involuntary termination subsidy (age 55 or greater with 20 or more years of service) listed above. 
 
 Employees who are at least 55 years of age with at least 10 years of service as of their last day paid who elect medical, dental and or vision insurance under COBRA regulations in lieu of retiree medical and or dental coverage will not, from the point of such COBRA election forward, be eligible to enroll in the retiree medical and or dental plans. 
 
 Employees who are at least 55 years of age with at least 10 years of service as of their last day paid who choose not to elect insurance coverage under either COBRA regulations or under the retiree medical and or dental (if under age 65) plans because they are covered by a spouse s active employer s insurance plan will be eligible to enroll in the SBD retiree 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 5 of 8 

medical and or dental plans at a later date, only if they lose their spouse s coverage and apply for retiree coverage within 31 days after losing such coverage. 
 
 The company reserves the right, for current and future retirees, to change, amend or terminate any retiree life, medical or dental plans at any time, without advance notice, including changing plan benefits, changing plan administrators insurers, changing retiree contributions, reducing or eliminating company subsidies, and terminating retiree insurance plans. 
 
 F. Pensions - Employees who are pension plan participants and are at least 55 with at least 10 years of service as of their last day worked are eligible to retire. 
 
 G. Company cars Company issued vehicles must be returned by the employee s last day worked, excluding any extended employment period. In the alternative, the employee may purchase the vehicle from the Company for the wholesale market value price set by the Company. 
 
 H. Stock Option Plan Exercise Periods At the discretion of the Senior Vice President of Human Resources, employees will have 180 days plus 2 calendar months to exercise any eligible shares, under the terms of the Stock Option Plan. These time frames do not apply to any stock options for retirees or those granted by Black & Decker, Inc. 
 
 I. MICP Payments Employees will receive a share pro-rated through their last day worked in an amount determined by the Senior Vice President of Human Resources in his her sole discretion. 
 
 J. Retirement Account Plan (RAP) and Supplemental RAP - A salaried employee whose employment is terminated will receive from any plan those funds in which he or she is entitled to under the terms of the plan. Core allocations are credited quarterly provided active employment on last day of the calendar quarter. 
 
 K. Unemployment Compensation - Consistent with the applicable State laws, the Company should not accept unemployment compensation charges for employees who resign or who are discharged for cause (that is, violation(s) of reasonable rule(s) of conduct). 

SPECIFIED EMPLOYEES 
 A. Notwithstanding any provisions of this Policy to the contrary, if an employee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and determined pursuant to procedures adopted by the Company) at the time of his separation from service and if any portion of the payments or benefits 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 6 of 8 

to be received by the employee upon separation from service would be (i) considered deferred compensation under Section 409A or (ii) exceed the amount that is the lesser of two times the employee s annual compensation as of the date of termination or two times the limit on compensation set forth in Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, amounts that would otherwise be payable pursuant to this Policy during the six-month period immediately following the employee s separation from service (the Delayed Payments and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Policy (the Delayed Benefits during the six-month period immediately following the employee s separation from service (such period, the Delay Period shall instead be paid or made available on the earlier of (i) the first (1 st business day of the seventh month following the date of the employee s separation from service or (ii) the employee s death (the applicable date, the Permissible Payment Date ). The Company shall also reimburse the employee for the after-tax cost incurred by the employee in independently obtaining any Delayed Benefits (the Additional Delayed Payments ). Section 409A shall mean Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the Code ), and any proposed, temporary or final regulation, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to Section 409A by the U.S. Department of Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 B. With respect to any amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement under this Policy, such expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company within thirty (30) calendar days following the date on which the Company receives the applicable invoice from the employee but in no event later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the employee incurs the related expenses provided, that with respect to reimbursement relating to the Additional Delayed Payments, such reimbursement shall be made on the Permissible Payment Date. In no event shall the reimbursements or in-kind benefits to be provided by the Company in one taxable year affect the amount of reimbursements or in-kind benefits to be provided in any other taxable year, nor shall the employee s right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 
 APPEALS 
 
 A. Applicability of Appeals Procedure - The appeals procedure set forth in this Section may be employed only for the purposes specified in this Section. 
 
 B. Procedure for Appeals - An employee whose claim for benefits under this Policy is denied in whole or in part may submit a written request to the Separation Pay Policy Plan Administrator at 1000 Stanley Drive, New Britain, CT 06053 for reconsideration within 60 days after receiving notice that he or she is deemed ineligible for benefits under this Policy. 
 
 The employee s request must be in writing and include appropriate issues, facts and reasons why the employee believes he or she is eligible for benefits under this Policy. The employee may also make a written request to review copies of the Policy. 
 
 The Separation Pay Policy Plan Administrator will review the employee s appeal and 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 7 of 8 

provide a written response within 60 days after receiving the appeal, unless special circumstances require further time for processing, but in no event more than 120 days. This written response will explain the reasons for the decision, will reference specific facts used to reach a final decision and will provide all other required legal notices. 
 
 All actions, determinations and interpretations of the Separation Pay Policy Plan Administrator will be performed in a uniform and nondiscriminatory manner. The Separation Pay Policy Plan Administrator s decision on appeal will be final and legally binding on the Claimant and all other interested persons. 
 
 C. Benefits Payable After Appeal - In the event that an appeal with respect to entitlement to a benefit is decided in favor of an employee, the benefit will be paid to him or her within 30 days of receiving written notice from the Separation Pay Policy Plan Administrator. 
 
 NOTICE OF ERISA RIGHTS 
 As a participant in the Plan, you are entitled to certain rights and protections under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). ERISA provides that all Plan participants shall be entitled to 
 
 Examination, without charge, in the officer of the Administrator of the Plan, all Plan documents, including copies of all documents which may be filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor, such as annual reports and Plan descriptions 
 
 Obtain copies of all documents governing the operation of the Plan and other Plan information upon written request to the Administrator of the Plan. The Administrator of the Plan may make reasonable charges for copies. 
 
 Receive a summary of any financial reports. If such a summary is required by law, the Plan Administrator will automatically furnish each participant with a copy of the summary annual report. 

_________________________________________________________________________ 
 These Policies Are Intended To Serve As A Practical Guide To Stanley Black & Decker s Various Practices And Programs. The Company Reserves The Right To Modify Or Revoke Any Policy, At Any Time, With Or Without Notice. Where More Specific Documents Exist, Such As Insurance Plan Documents, The Terms Of The More Specific Document Will Be Followed. These Policies Are Not Intended To Create Or Constitute A Contract Of Employment Between The Company And Any Employee. Employment At SBD Remains Strictly On An At-Will Basis. These Policies Supersede Any Previously Issued Policies, Handbooks, Or Policy Manuals of either The Stanley Works or Black & Decker. 
 
 Guideline 3001a Page 8 of 8 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21>
 8
 ex21-subsidiariesofstanley.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. 
 
 The following is a list of all active subsidiaries of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. as of December 31, 2022. All subsidiaries are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. 
 U.S. Subsidiaries Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization 3-V Fastener Co., Inc. California 8 Commerce Drive, LLC California AeroFit LLC Connecticut ASIA FASTENING (US), INC. Delaware B&D Holdings, Inc. Maryland BDK FAUCET HOLDINGS INC. Delaware Bagley Road LLC Ohio BLACK & DECKER (IRELAND) INC. Delaware BLACK & DECKER (U.S.) INC. Maryland BLACK & DECKER DE PANAMA LLC Maryland BLACK & DECKER FUNDING CORPORATION Delaware BLACK & DECKER GROUP, LLC Delaware BLACK & DECKER HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT INC. Maryland BLACK & DECKER HOLDINGS, LLC Delaware BLACK & DECKER INC. Delaware BLACK & DECKER INDIA INC. Maryland BLACK & DECKER INVESTMENT COMPANY, LLC Delaware BLACK & DECKER INVESTMENTS (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED Maryland BLACK & DECKER INVESTMENTS LLC Maryland BLACK & DECKER MEXFIN LLC Delaware BLACK & DECKER PUERTO RICO INC. Delaware BLACK & DECKER SHELBYVILLE, LLC Kentucky Bristol Industries, LLC Delaware Bostitch-Holding, L.L.C. Delaware Bulldog Barrels, LLC Pennsylvania Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing, LLC Delaware CAM International Holdings, Inc. Delaware CPE Acquisition Co. Delaware Cub Cadet LLC Ohio DEVILBISS AIR POWER COMPANY Delaware DIYZ, LLC Delaware Doncasters US Holdings Inc. Delaware The EAP Acquisition Co., LLC Delaware E.A. Patten Co., LLC Connecticut EMHART HARTTUNG INC. Delaware EMHART TEKNOLOGIES LLC Delaware Excel Industries, Inc. Kansas Garden Way LLC Delaware Hardware City Associates Limited Partnership Connecticut Hustler Turf Equipment, Inc. Kansas I.D.L. Licensed Tools, LLC Delaware 

U.S. Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization I.D.L. Techni-Edge, LLC Delaware INFASTECH DECORAH, LLC Delaware JRB Attachments, LLC Delaware JAFFORD LLC Maryland JennCo1, Inc. Delaware Jewel Attachments, LLC Delaware Kodiak Mfg. Inc. Tennessee Moeller Manufacturing & Supply, LLC California MTD Consumer Group Inc. Ohio MTD International Operations Inc. Delaware MTD Holdings Inc. Ohio MTD LLC Ohio MTD Products Company Ohio MTD Products Inc. Delaware MTD Southwest Inc. Ohio MTD Southwest Holdco LLC Ohio Nelson Stud Welding International, LLC Delaware Nelson Stud Welding Inc. Delaware New FEP Co., LLC Connecticut NEWFREY LLC Delaware Paladin Brands Group, Inc. Delaware Paladin Brands Holdings, Inc. Delaware Paladin Brands International Holdings, Inc. Delaware P&B Re Holdings, LLC Delaware Pengo Corporation Delaware PORTER-CABLE ARGENTINA, LLC Minnesota Prikos & Becker, LLC Delaware QRP, Inc. Delaware Remington, LLC Ohio RIGHTCO II, LLC Delaware SBD CAYMAN LLC Delaware SBD Insurance, Inc. Connecticut SBD MDGP Partnership Holdings LLC Delaware SBD Property Holdings, LLC Delaware SBD UK Canada Holdings, Inc. Delaware SBD US Inhouse Cashpool Header Corp. Delaware Specialty Bar Products Company Pennsylvania Spiegelberg Manufacturing Inc. Ohio SPIRALOCK CORPORATION Michigan Stanley Atlantic Inc. Delaware Stanley Black & Decker Asia Holdings, LLC Delaware Stanley Black & Decker Cayman Holdings, Inc. Delaware Stanley Black & Decker Chile, L.L.C. Delaware Stanley Black & Decker Finance 1 LLC Delaware Stanley Black & Decker Finance 2 LLC Delaware Stanley Canada Holdings, L.L.C. Delaware 

U.S. Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization Stanley Fastening Systems, L.P. Delaware Stanley Housing Fund, Inc. Delaware Stanley Industrial & Automotive, LLC Delaware Stanley International Holdings, Inc. Delaware Stanley Infrastructure, LLC f k a International Equipment Solutions IES Delaware Stanley Logistics, L.L.C. Delaware Stanley Safety Corporation, LLC Delaware Stanley Security Solutions, Inc. Indiana Sweepster Attachments, LLC Delaware THE BLACK & DECKER CORPORATION Maryland The Ferry Cap & Set Screw Company Ohio The Farmington River Power Company Connecticut TOG Manufacturing Company Inc. Massachusetts TOG Holdings Inc. Massachusetts Troy-Bilt LLC Ohio Voss Industries, Inc. Ohio Zag USA, Inc. Delaware Foreign Subsidiaries Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization BLACK & DECKER ARGENTINA S.A. Argentina Stanley Black & Decker Australia Pty Ltd. Australia Black & Decker Distribution Pty. Ltd Australia BLACK & DECKER FINANCE (AUSTRALIA) LTD. Australia BLACK & DECKER HOLDINGS (AUSTRALIA) PTY. LTD. Australia BLACK & DECKER NO. 4 PTY. LTD. Australia MTD Products Australia Party LTD Australia MTD Investments Australia Pty Ltd. Australia Powers Fasteners Australasia Pty Limited Australia Powers Rawl Pty. Ltd. Australia Rawl Australasia Pty. Ltd. Australia Rawlplug Unit Trust Australia Stanley Black & Decker Holdings Australia Pty Ltd Australia The Stanley Works Pty. Ltd. Australia MTD Austria Handelsgesellschaft m.b.H. Austria Stanley Black & Decker Austria GmbH Austria Stanley Black & Decker (Barbados) SRL Barbados Black & Decker Limited BV Belgium Facom Belgie BV Belgium Stanley Black & Decker Latin American Holding BV Belgium Stanley Black & Decker Logistics BV Belgium Stanley Europe BV Belgium Stanley Security Europe BV Belgium Stanley Black & Decker Belgium BV Belgium BLACK & DECKER DO BRASIL LTDA. Brazil Irwin Industrial Tool Ferramentas do Brasil Ltda. Brazil 

Foreign Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization M. HART DO BRASIL LTDA. Brazil BDB Ferramentas do Brasil Ltda Brazil REFAL INDUSTRIA E COMERCIO DE REBITES E REBITADEIRAS LTDA. Brazil Stanley Black & Decker Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria 2315708 Ontario Inc. Canada CWS Industries (Mfg.) Corp. Canada Mac Tools Canada Inc. Canada MTD Products Limited Canada Nelson Stud Welding Canada, Inc. Canada Stanley CLP3 Canada STANLEY BLACK & DECKER CANADA CORPORATION Canada Sonitrol Distribution Canada, Inc. Canada WINTECH CORPORATION LIMITED Cayman Islands Besco Investment Group Co. Ltd. Cayman Islands JOINTECH CORPORATION, LTD. Cayman Islands SBD Manufacturing, Distribution & Global Purchasing Holdings L.P. Cayman Islands Stanley Black & Decker Cayman International Financing LLC Cayman Islands MAQUINAS y HERRAMIENTAS BLACK & DECKER de CHILE S.A. Chile BLACK & DECKER (SUZHOU) PRECISION MANUFACTURING CO., LTD. China BLACK & DECKER (SUZHOU) POWER TOOLS CO., LTD. China BLACK & DECKER SSC CO., LTD. China BLACK & DECKER (SUZHOU) CO., LTD. China GUANGZHOU EMHART FASTENING SYSTEM CO., LTD. China INFASTECH FASTENING SYSTEMS (WUXI) LIMITED China Hefei INTACA Science & Technology Development Co., Ltd. China INFASTECH (SHENZHEN) LIMITED China Jiangsu Guoqiang Tools Co., Ltd. China MTD China (SHANGHAI) Co., Ltd. China MTD Machinery (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. China Powers Shanghai Trading Ltd. China Shanghai Emhart Fastening System Co., Ltd. China Stanley Black & Decker Engineered Fastening (Nantong) Co., Ltd China Stanley Black & Decker Precision Manufacturing (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. China The Stanley Works (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China The Stanley Works (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd. China Stanley Works (Wendeng) Tools Co., Ltd. China The Stanley Works (Zhongshan) Tool Co., Ltd. China Yong Ru Plastics Industry (Suzhou) Co., Ltd China Stanley Black & Decker Colombia Services S.A.S. Colombia Black & Decker de Colombia S.A.S. Colombia BLACK AND DECKER DE COSTA RICA LIMITADA Costa Rica M.P.N. HOLDINGS LIMITED Cyprus STANLEY BLACK AND DECKER CYPRUS ONE HOLDINGS LTD Cyprus STANLEY BLACK AND DECKER CYPRUS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LTD Cyprus STANLEY BLACK AND DECKER CYPRUS S1 HOLDINGS LTD Cyprus STANLEY BLACK AND DECKER CYPRUS S2 HOLDINGS LTD Cyprus 

Foreign Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization Stanley Black & Decker Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Black & Decker (Czech) s.r.o. Czech Republic TUCKER S.R.O. Czech Republic MTD Products Czech Spol. s.r.o. Czech Republic EMHART HARTTUNG A S Denmark MTD Products Denmark ApS Denmark BLACK & DECKER DEL ECUADOR S.A. Ecuador Stanley Black & Decker Finland Oy Finland Stanley Engineered Fastening France SAS France Stanley Black & Decker Distribution SAS France BLACK & DECKER FINANCE SAS France Dubuis et Cie SAS France M.T.D. France SAS France Novia SWK SAS France Nelson Soudage de Goujons SAS France Pro One Finance SAS France STANLEY BLACK & DECKER FRANCE SAS France Stanley Black & Decker France Services SAS France Stanley Black & Decker Manufacturing SAS France Stanley Feinwerktechnik GmbH Germany Stanley Engineered Fastening Industrial Deutschland GmbH Germany B.B.W. BAYRISCHE BOHRERWERKE GmbH Germany BLACK & DECKER INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS B.V. & CO. KG Germany Horst Sprenger GmbH recycling-tools Germany MTD Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG Germany MTD Deutschland Verwaltungsgeschellschaft mbH Germany MTD Europe Holding GmbH Germany Stanley Black & Decker Outdoor GmbH (f.k.a.) MTD Products AG Germany Nelson Bolzenschwei -Technik GmbH & Co. KG Germany Nelson Bolzenschwei -Technik GmbH Verwaltungs GmbH Germany Stanley Black & Decker Deutschland GmbH Germany Stanley Grundstuecksverwaltungs GmbH Germany TUCKER GmbH Germany STANLEY BLACK & DECKER (HELLAS) EPE Greece BD Xiamen (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Spiralock Global Ventures, Limited Hong Kong AVDEL HOLDINGS (HONG KONG) LIMITED Hong Kong BDC INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Hong Kong BD Precision (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong BD Suzhou (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong BD Suzhou Power Tools (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Stanley Black & Decker Limited Hong Kong MTD Asia Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong INFASTECH COMPANY LIMITED Hong Kong INFASTECH (CHINA) LIMITED Hong Kong HANGTECH LIMITED Hong Kong 

Foreign Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization EMHART GUANGZHOU (HONG KONG) LIMITED Hong Kong STANLEY BLACK & DECKER HUNGARY KORALTOLT FELELOSSEGU TARSASAG Hungary MTD Hung ria Kereskedelmi s Verslo Szolg ltat Korl tolt Felel ss g T rsas g Hungary MTD Products India Private India Limited India Nelson Stud Welding India Private Limited India Stanley Works (India) Private Limited India Stanley Black & Decker India Private Limited India Stanley Engineered Fastening India Private Limited India STANLEY SECURITY SOLUTIONS INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED India Stanley Black and Decker Commercial Private India India PT STANLEY BLACK & DECKER Indonesia SBD European Investment Unlimited Company Ireland SBD European Security Investment Unlimited Company Ireland SBD European Security International Unlimited Company Ireland Gamrie Designated Activity Company Ireland Baltimore Financial Services Company Unlimited Company Ireland Baltimore Insurance Designated Activity Company Ireland Belco Investments Company Unlimited Company Ireland Black & Decker International Finance 1 Unlimited Company Ireland Black & Decker International Finance 3 Designated Activity Company Ireland Chesapeake Falls Holdings Company Unlimited Company Ireland Panalok Limited Ireland Stanley Black & Decker International Fiance 2 Unlimited Company Ireland Stanley Black & Decker International Finance 3 Unlimited Company Ireland Stanley Black & Decker International Finance 4 Unlimited Company Ireland Stanley Black & Decker International Finance 5 Unlimited Company Ireland Stanley Black & Decker Latin American Investment Unlimited Company Ireland Stanley Black & Decker Finance Unlimited Company Ireland Stanley Black & Decker Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland The Stanley Works Israel Ltd. Israel K.And.M. Holdco Products Ltd. Israel F. Robotics Acquisitions Ltd. Israel Stanley Engineered Fastening Italy S.r.l. Italy DeWALT INDUSTRIAL TOOLS S.p.A. Italy MTD PRODUCTS ITALIA S.R.L. Italy Stanley Black & Decker Italia S.r.l. Italy SWK Utensilerie S.r.l. Italy NIPPON POP RIVETS & FASTENERS, LTD. Japan INFASTECH (KOREA) LIMITED Korea, Republic of BLACK & DECKER (OVERSEAS) GmbH Liechtenstein BLACK & DECKER ASIA MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS 1 S. .r.l. Luxembourg BLACK & DECKER ASIA MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS 2 S. .r.l. Luxembourg BLACK & DECKER GLOBAL HOLDINGS S. .r.l. Luxembourg BLACK & DECKER INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS S.A.R.L. Luxembourg BLACK & DECKER LUXEMBOURG S.A.R.L. Luxembourg BLACK & DECKER TRANSASIA S. .r.l. Luxembourg 

Foreign Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization CHESAPEAKE INVESTMENTS COMPANY S.A.R.L. Luxembourg Constellation (Luxembourg) Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Lux Star International S. r.l. Luxembourg SBD Niscayah S. r.l. Luxembourg Stanley Black & Decker Partnership Japan Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Black & Decker International Finance 3 Designated Activity Company Luxembourg SBD European Security Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Stanley Black & Decker Holdings S. r.l. Luxembourg Stanley Black & Decker Partnership Japan Luxembourg Infastech Holdings (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia BLACK & DECKER ASIA PACIFIC (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. Malaysia Infastech (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Stanley Security Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Stanley Works (Malaysia) SDN BHD Malaysia Infastech (Labuan) Limited Malaysia Infastech (Mauritius) Limited Mauritius Herramientas Stanley S.A. de C.V. Mexico GRUPO BLACK & DECKER MEXICO, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. Mexico Stanley Black and Decker Security Solutions Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (fka DEWALT INDUSTRIAL TOOLS, S.A. DE C.V.) Mexico MTD Products S.A. de C.V. Mexico Nelson Fastener Systems de Mexico SA de CV Mexico BLACK & DECKER DE REYNOSA, S. DE R.L. DE C.V. Mexico BLACK AND DECKER, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Stanley-Bostitch Servicios S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Stanley-Bostitch, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Stanley Black & Decker Hermosillo, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Stanley Black & Decker de Monterrey, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico STANLEY BLACK & DECKER MOROCCO SARL Morocco BLACK & DECKER FAR EAST HOLDINGS B.V. Netherlands Black & Decker Hardware Holdings B.V. Netherlands BLACK & DECKER HOLDINGS B.V. Netherlands Chiro Tools Holdings B.V. Netherlands ELU B.V. Netherlands Interfast B.V. Netherlands MTD Products Benelux B.V. Netherlands NSW Fabristeel Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Stanley European Holdings B.V. Netherlands Stanley European Holdings II B.V. Netherlands Stanley Israel Investments B.V. Netherlands Stanley Works Holdings B.V. Netherlands Stanley Black & Decker Asian Holdings B.V. Netherlands Stanley Black & Decker Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Stanley Enginerred Fastening Benelux B.V. Netherlands MTD Products New Zealand Limited New Zealand Stanley Black & Decker NZ Limited New Zealand Stanley Black & Decker Norway AS Norway 

Foreign Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization Stanley Black & Decker CCA, S. de R.L. Panama Stanley Black & Decker Centroamerica S. de R.L. Panama BLACK & DECKER DEL PERU S.A. Peru MTD Poland Sp. z.o.o. Poland Stanley Black & Decker Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland STANLEY ENGINEERED FASTENING EASTERN EUROPE SP.Z O.O. Poland Stanley Fastening Systems Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Stanley Black & Decker Romania SRL Romania Stanley Black & Decker Limited Liability Company Russian Federation Venus Enterprise Co. Ltd. Samoa Onglin International Limited Samoa Infastech (Singapore) Pte. Ltd Singapore Stanley Security Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore INFASTECH INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES PTE. LTD. Singapore INFASTECH RECEIVABLES COMPANY PTE. LTD. Singapore BLACK & DECKER ASIA PACIFIC PTE. LTD. Singapore MTD Products Singapore Singapore Stanley Works Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore VISIOCOM INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD Singapore Stanley Black & Decker Slovakia s.r.o. Slovakia STANLEY BLACK & DECKER IBERICA, S.L. Spain Stanley Engineered Fastening Spain, S.L.U. Spain Stanley Black & Decker Sweden AB Sweden MTD Products Nordic AB Sweden MTD Schweiz AG Switzerland Stanley Works (Europe) GmbH Switzerland Besco Pneumatic Corporation Taiwan Fastener Jamher Taiwan Inc. Taiwan Compass Corporation Taiwan Stanley Fastening Systems Investment (Taiwan) Co. Taiwan Stanley Chiro International Ltd Taiwan Black & Decker (Thailand) Limited Thailand EMHART TEKNOLOGIES (THAILAND) LTD. Thailand Stanley Works Limited Thailand Stanley Black & Decker Turkey Alet Uretim, Sanayi ve Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey Stanley Black & Decker International FZE United Arab Emirates Stanley Black & Decker Middle East Trading FZE United Arab Emirates Stanley Black & Decker MEA FZE United Arab Emirates Stanley Black and Decker Gulf FZE United Arab Emirates Advanced Turf Technologies LTD United Kingdom Aven Tools Limited United Kingdom Avdel Holding Limited United Kingdom Avdel UK Limited United Kingdom Bandhart United Kingdom Bandhart Overseas United Kingdom Black & Decker International Finance (UK) Limited United Kingdom 

Foreign Subsidiaries (continued) Corporate Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Organization Black & Decker Europe United Kingdom Black & Decker International United Kingdom Black & Decker Finance United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker UK Limited United Kingdom Black & Decker International Finance Holdings (UK) Limited United Kingdom Black & Decker United Kingdom Dewalt Industrial Power Tool Company Ltd. United Kingdom ELU Power Tools Ltd United Kingdom Emhart International Limited United Kingdom Emhart International Holdings Limited United Kingdom Stanley Security Solutions - Europe Limited United Kingdom Stanley UK Acquisition Company Limited United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker IP Holdings Limited United Kingdom SWK (UK) Limited United Kingdom SWK (U.K.) Holding Limited United Kingdom Stanley UK Services Limited United Kingdom Tucker Fasteners Limited United Kingdom The Stanley Works Limited United Kingdom Stanley U.K. Holdings Ltd. United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker International Finance 1 Limited United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker International Finance 2 Limited United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker International Finance 3 Limited United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker International Finance 4 Limited United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker International Finance L.P. United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker Finance Limited United Kingdom Stanley Black & Decker UK Group Limited United Kingdom Compass II Co., Ltd. Vietnam INFASTECH TRI-STAR LIMITED Virgin Islands, British BESCO INVESTMENT HOLDINGS Ltd. Virgin Islands, British Stanley Works China Investments Limited Virgin Islands, British C&C Enterprise Co., Ltd. Virgin Islands, British 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 9
 ex23-consent10k2022.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 2-93025) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 2-96778) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 2-97283) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-16669) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 033-30629) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 033-30623) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 033-41611) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-62575) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 33-55663) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42346) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-42582) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-64326) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-162956) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-163509) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-165454) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-179699) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 033-39553) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-62567) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-190267) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 033-62565) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-219984) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-221127) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-226272) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-234684) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-249689) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-264473) 
 
 of our reports dated February 23, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young, LLP 
 Hartford, Connecticut 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 10
 ex24-powerofattorney10k2022.htm
 EX-24

Document 

EXHIBIT 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 We, the undersigned officers and directors of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the Corporation ), hereby severally constitute Janet M. Link and Gregory O. Ogunsanya our true and lawful attorneys with full power of substitution, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Corporation filed herewith (the Form 10-K ), and any and all amendments thereto, and generally to do all such things in our name and on our behalf in our capacities as officers and directors to enable the Corporation to comply with the annual filing requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and all requirements of any other applicable law or regulation, hereby ratifying and confirming our signatures as they may be signed by our said attorneys, or any of them, to such Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto. Signature Title Date s Donald Allan, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer, Director February 23, 2023 Donald Allan, Jr. s Andrea J. Ayers Director February 23, 2023 Andrea J. Ayers s Patrick D. Campbell Director February 23, 2023 Patrick D. Campbell s Carlos M. Cardoso Director February 23, 2023 Carlos M. Cardoso s Robert B. Coutts Director February 23, 2023 Robert B. Coutts s Debra A. Crew Director February 23, 2023 Debra A. Crew s Michael D. Hankin Director February 23, 2023 Michael D. Hankin s Robert J. Manning Director February 23, 2023 Robert J. Manning s Adrian V. Mitchell Director February 23, 2023 Adrian V. Mitchell s Jane M. Palmieri Director February 23, 2023 Jane M. Palmieri s Mojdeh Poul Director February 23, 2023 Mojdeh Poul s Irving Tan Director February 23, 2023 Irving Tan 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1A>
 11
 ex-10kx311a10k2022.htm
 EX-31.1A

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1(a) 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Donald Allan Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Donald Allan, Jr. Date February 23, 2023 Donald Allan, Jr. President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1A>

<EX-31.1B>
 12
 ex-10kx311b10k2022.htm
 EX-31.1B

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1(b) 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Corbin Walburger, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Corbin Walburger Date February 23, 2023 Corbin Walburger Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1B>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 ex-10kx32110k2022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Donald Allan Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Donald Allan, Jr. Donald Allan, Jr. President & Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 ex-10kx32210k2022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Corbin Walburger, Interim Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Corbin Walburger Corbin Walburger Interim Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 swk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 22
 swk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 swk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 swk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 swk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

