<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_777917_0000777917-23-000018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28130076</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>397563</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2827378</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13451367</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5366578</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5386158</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000777917-23-000018.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320165330
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000777917-23-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000777917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				221944557
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AZ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-37587
		FILM NUMBER:		23746893

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		213 WASHINGTON ST
		STREET 2:		111 DURHAM AVENUE
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2018026000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		213 WASHINGTON STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07102

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000777917-23-000018.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 cik777917-20221231.htm
 10-K - 4Q 2022

cik777917-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _______________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission file number 
 _______________________________________________ 
 Pruco Life Insurance Company 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , , 
 ) 
 (Address and Telephone Number of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: NONE 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of the Regulation S-T (( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of March 20, 2023, shares of the registrant s Common Stock (par value 10) were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 The information required to be furnished pursuant to Part III of this Form 10-K is set forth in, and is hereby incorporated by reference herein from, Prudential Financial, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held o n May 9, 2023 , to be filed by Prudential Financial, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Pruco Life Insurance Company meets the conditions set 
 forth in General Instruction (I) (1) (a) and (b) of Form 10-K 
 and is therefore filing this Form with the reduced disclosure. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 30 
 Item 2. Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 31 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 143 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 143 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 143 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 143 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 144 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 144 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 145 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 146 
 SIGNATURES 
 147 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain of the statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, believes, anticipates, includes, plans, assumes, estimates, projects, intends, should, will, shall or variations of such words are generally part of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made based on management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon Pruco Life Insurance Company and its subsidiary. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting Pruco Life Insurance Company and its subsidiary will be those anticipated by management. These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and there are certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements, including, among others: (1) the risks related to COVID-19 could reemerge; (2) losses on investments or financial contracts due to deterioration in credit quality or value, or counterparty default; (3) losses on insurance products due to mortality experience or policyholder behavior experience that differs significantly from our expectations when we price our products; (4) changes in interest rates and equity prices that may (a) adversely impact the profitability of our products, the value of separate accounts supporting these products or the value of assets we manage, (b) result in losses on derivatives we use to hedge risk or increase collateral posting requirements and (c) limit opportunities to invest at appropriate returns; (5) guarantees within certain of our products which are market sensitive and may decrease our earnings or increase the volatility of our results of operations or financial position; (6) liquidity needs resulting from (a) derivative collateral market exposure, (b) asset/liability mismatches, (c) the lack of available funding in the financial markets or (d) unexpected cash demands due to severe mortality calamity or lapse events; (7) financial or customer losses, or regulatory and legal actions, due to inadequate or failed processes or systems, external events, and human error or misconduct such as (a) disruption of our systems and data, (b) an information security breach, (c) a failure to protect the privacy of sensitive data, (d) reliance on third-parties or (e) labor and employment matters; (8) changes in the regulatory landscape, including related to (a) financial sector regulatory reform, (b) changes in tax laws, (c) fiduciary rules and other standards of care, (d) state insurance laws and developments regarding group-wide supervision, capital and reserves, and (e) privacy and cybersecurity regulation; (9) technological changes which may adversely impact companies in our investment portfolio or cause insurance experience to deviate from our assumptions; (10) ratings downgrades; (11) market conditions that may adversely affect the sales or persistency of our products; (12) competition; and (13) reputational damage. Pruco Life Insurance Company does not intend, and is under no obligation, to update any particular forward-looking statement included in this document. See Risk Factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion of certain risks relating to our business and investment in our securities. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Part 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Pruco Life Insurance Company Pruco Life is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Prudential Insurance ), which in turn is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Financial, Inc. Prudential Financial ). See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Pruco Life has one wholly-owned insurance subsidiary, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey PLNJ ). Pruco Life and its subsidiary are together referred to as the "Company", "we" or "our" and all financial information is shown on a consolidated basis. 
 PLNJ is a stock life insurance company organized in 1982 under the laws of the state of New Jersey. It is licensed to sell life insurance and annuities in New Jersey and New York only. 
 Prudential Insurance may make capital contributions to the Company, as needed, to enable it to comply with its reserve and capital requirements and fund expenses in connection with its business. Prudential Insurance is under no obligation to make such contributions and its assets do not back the benefits payable under the Company s policyholders contracts. 
 Effective April 1, 2022, Prudential Financial completed the sale of Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation PALAC to Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC Fortitude ). As such, PALAC is no longer an affiliate of Prudential Financial or the Company. Fortitude subsequently renamed the company Fortitude Life Insurance Annuity Company FLIAC ). 
 Effective July 1, 2021, the Company recaptured the risks related to its variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees, that had previously been reinsured to PALAC from April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2021. The recapture does not impact PLNJ, which will continue to reinsure its new and in force business to Prudential Insurance. The product risks related to the previously reinsured business that were being managed in PALAC, were transferred to the Company. In addition, the living benefit hedging program related to the previously reinsured living benefit riders are being managed within the Company. This transaction is referred to as the "2021 Variable Annuities Recapture". See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 Effective December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with FLIAC (previously named PALAC) under which the Company assumed all of its variable and fixed indexed annuities and fixed annuities with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal income feature from FLIAC. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding this reinsurance arrangement. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 The Company sells variable and fixed annuities, variable life, term life and universal life insurance primarily through affiliated and unaffiliated distributors in the United States. 
 Products Annuities 
 We offer a variety of products to serve different retirement needs and goals: 
 
 Indexed Variable Annuities 
 The Prudential FlexGuard indexed variable annuity, offers the contractholder an opportunity to allocate funds to variable subaccounts and index-based strategies. The strategies provide an interest component linked to, but not an investment in, the selected index, and its performance over the elected term, subject to certain contractual minimums and maximums, and also provides varying levels of downside protection at pre-determined levels and durations. The product also allows for additional deposits and provides a Return of Purchase Payment ("ROP") death benefit at no additional charge. 
 The Prudential FlexGuard Income indexed variable annuity, launched in 2021, offers similar investment and crediting features as The Prudential FlexGuard product, with focus on income protection by providing a protected income benefit for an additional fee. Crediting strategies are limited during the income phase. 
 
 Fixed Annuities 
 PruSecure , SurePath and SurePath Income, all single premium fixed indexed annuities, offer flexibility to allocate account balances between an index-based strategy and a fixed rate strategy. The index-based strategy provides interest or an interest component linked to, but not an investment in, the selected index, and its performance over the elected term (i.e., 1, 3 or 5 years for PruSecure and 1 or 3 years for SurePath and SurePath Income), subject to certain contractual minimums and maximums. The fixed rate strategy, not associated with an index, offers a guaranteed growth at a set interest rate for one year and can be renewed annually. Additionally, SurePath Income offers a benefit that provides for guaranteed lifetime withdrawal payments. 
 The Prudential Fixed Annuity with Daily Advantage Income Benefit DAI ), a single premium fixed annuity, provides principal protection as well as a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal income payment for an additional fee. The lifetime income amount increases daily without exposure to the equity market until the contractholder begins taking withdrawals. 
 
 Life Insurance 
 We offer a variety of products that serve different protection 
 needs and goals: 
 Variable Life - permanent coverage for life with potential to accumulate policy cash value based on underlying investment options 
 Our variable life policies offer flexibility in payment options and the potential to accumulate cash value through a suite of underlying investment options or a fixed rate option. 
 Indexed variable life policies provide index-linked investment options (index strategies) in addition to a suite of underlying investment options or a fixed rate option. Index strategies credit interest to the cash value that is linked to, but not an investment in, the performance of an external index, subject to certain parameters such as cap, step, participation, and buffer rates, and contractual minimums/maximums. 
 
 Term Life - coverage for a specified number of years with a guaranteed tax-advantaged death benefit 
 Most of our term life policies offer an income tax-free death benefit, guaranteed premiums that will stay the same during the level-premium period. 
 Most of our term life policies also offer a conversion option that allows the policyholder to convert the policy into a permanent policy that can potentially cover the insured for life. 
 
 Universal Life - permanent coverage for life with the potential to accumulate policy cash value 
 Our universal life policies offer flexibility in payment options and the potential to accumulate cash value in an account that earns interest based on a crediting rate determined by the Company subject to contractual minimums. 
 Indexed universal life policies provide interest credited to the cash value that is linked to, but not an investment in, the performance of an external index subject to certain cap and participation rates and contractual minimums/maximums. 
 
 Other 
 Final Expense Insurance - a whole life product that provides coverage in smaller face amounts, typically used for funeral expenses. 

5 

Table of Contents 

 Annuities Products (continued) 
 
 Traditional Variable Annuities 
 Prudential Premier Investment Variable Annuity PPI offers tax-deferred asset accumulation, annuitization options and an optional death benefit that guarantees the contractholder s beneficiary a return of total purchase payments made to the contract, adjusted for any partial withdrawals, upon death. 
 MyRock Advisors, a fee-based variable annuity that offers an optional Dynamic Income Benefit IB rider, that provides longevity protection through a preset withdrawal percentage applied to a variable income base. In addition, the product offers either a basic death benefit, or a ROP death benefit. Both the IB and the ROP are available for an additional fee. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Marketing and Distribution 
 Our distribution efforts for our annuity products, which are supported by a network of internal and external wholesalers, are executed through a diverse group of distributors including: 
 Third-party distribution through: 
 Broker-dealers; 
 Banks and wirehouses; 
 Independent financial planners; and 
 Independent Marketing Organizations IMO (specifically for SurePath and SurePath Income). 
 Financial professionals, including those associated with Prudential Advisors, Prudential's proprietary nationwide sales organization. 
 
 We primarily distribute our individual life products through the following four channels: 
 Third-party distribution 
 Independent brokers 
 Banks and wirehouses 
 General agencies and producer groups 
 Assurance IQ, Prudential's wholly-owned consumer solutions platform that leverages data science and technology to distribute a proprietary simplified products consisting of term life and final expense insurance (as well as other third-party life, health and financial wellness solutions) directly to retail shoppers primarily through its digital and agent channels. 
 Prudential Advisors (Prudential's proprietary nationwide sales organization), which: 
 Distributes Prudential life insurance, annuities and investment products with proprietary and non-proprietary investment options as well as select insurance, annuities and investment products from other financial services firms. 
 Offers certain retail brokerage and retail investment advisory services (through our dually-registered broker-dealer and investment advisor Pruco Securities, LLC) including brokerage accounts, discretionary and non-discretionary investment advisory programs and financial planning services. 
 Executes a solutions-oriented business model centered around client relationships, while strengthening and driving Prudential s brand promise. 
 Direct-to-Consumer 
 The digital platform, Prudential.com, provides distribution of our simplified products online. 
 Personal Advisory Group is Prudential s sales desk where customers can speak to an agent via phone to fulfill their insurance or investment needs. 
 
 Revenues and Profitability 
 Our revenues primarily come in the form of: 
 Fee income from asset management fees and service fees, which represent administrative service and distribution fees from many of our proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds. The asset management fees are determined as a percentage of the average assets of our proprietary mutual funds in our variable annuity and variable universal life products (net of sub-advisory expenses related to non-proprietary sub-advisors). 
 Policy charges and fee income representing mortality, expense and other fees for various insurance-related options and features based on asset-based fees of the separate accounts, account value, premium, or guaranteed value, as applicable. 
 Investment income (which contributes to the net spread over interest credited on certain products and related expenses). 
 Premiums that are fixed in accordance with the terms of the policies. 

Our profitability is substantially impacted by our ability to appropriately price our products. We price our products based on: 
 An evaluation of the risks assumed and consideration of applicable risk management strategies, including hedging and reinsurance costs. 
 Assumptions regarding investment returns and contractholder behavior, including persistency, benefit utilization and the timing and efficiency of withdrawals for contracts with living benefit features, as well as other assumptions. 
 Our life-related product assumptions of future mortality and morbidity, policyholder behavior, interest rates, expenses, premium payment patterns, performance of ceded reinsurance, separate account fund performance and product-generated tax deductions. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 We are among the industry s largest providers of individual annuities and we compete with other providers of retirement savings and accumulation products, including large, well established insurance and financial services companies, and private equity firms. We believe our competitive advantage lies primarily in our innovative product features and our risk management strategies as well as brand recognition, financial strength, the breadth of our distribution platform and our customer service capabilities. We periodically adjust product offerings, prices and features based on the market and our strategy, with a goal of achieving customer and enterprise value. In our life insurance business, we compete with other large, well-established life insurance companies in a mature market. We compete primarily based on price, service (including the speed and ease of underwriting), distribution channel relationships, brand recognition and financial strength. Due to the large number of competitors, pricing is competitive. We periodically adjust product offerings, prices and features based on the market and our strategy, with a goal of achieving customer and enterprise value. 

Seasonality of Key Financial Items 
 
 The following chart summarizes our key areas of seasonality in our results of operations: 
 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter Annuities Impact of annual assumption update(1) Higher expenses(2) Life Insurance Lowest underwriting gains Impact of annual assumption update(1) Highest underwriting gains Higher expenses(2) 
 
 (1) Impact of annual reviews and update of actuarial assumptions and other refinements. 
 (2) Expenses are typically higher than the quarterly average in the fourth quarter. 

Reinsurance 
 
 We regularly enter into third-party reinsurance agreements as either the ceding entity or the assuming entity. We also enter into affiliated reinsurance agreements as both the ceding and assuming entity for capital management purposes. As a ceding entity, exposure to the risks reinsured is reduced by transferring certain rights and obligations of the underlying insurance product to a counterparty. Conversely, as an assuming entity, exposure to the risks reinsured is increased by assuming certain rights and obligations of the underlying insurance products from a counterparty. We enter into reinsurance agreements as the ceding entity for a variety of reasons but primarily do so to reduce exposure to loss, reduce risk volatility, provide additional capacity for future growth and for capital management purposes for certain of our variable annuity, term and universal life products. Under ceded reinsurance, we remain liable to the underlying policyholder if a third-party reinsurer is unable to meet its obligations. We evaluate the financial condition of reinsurers, monitor the concentration of counterparty risk and maintain collateral, as appropriate, to mitigate this exposure. 
 
 We entered into a reinsurance agreement with a third-party reinsurer that grants us the ability to reinsure a portion of our fixed indexed annuity products (specifically PruSecure and SurePath ), which includes the business assumed from FLIAC. Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"), this agreement is accounted for under deposit accounting. For additional information on our reinsurance agreements see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 For policies sold through 2017, we have reinsured the majority of our mortality risk which generally have maximum retained mortality risk amount of 100,000. For the new business going forward, Pruco Life retains the mortality risk not ceded to third-party or affiliated reinsurers, which may be up to 20 million on a single life and then down to 10 million per life for new business starting in 2020. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information related to these affiliated reinsurance arrangements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation 
 Overview 
 Our businesses are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision. The purpose of these regulations is primarily to protect our customers and the overall financial system. Many of the laws and regulations to which we are subject are regularly re-examined. Existing or future laws and regulations may become more restrictive or otherwise adversely affect our operations or profitability, increase compliance costs, or increase potential regulatory exposure. In recent years we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, extensive changes in the laws and regulations, and regulatory frameworks, applicable to our businesses. We cannot predict how current or future initiatives will further impact existing laws, regulations and regulatory frameworks. 
 
 State insurance laws regulate all aspects of our business. Insurance departments in the District of Columbia, Guam and all states monitor our insurance operations. The Company is domiciled in Arizona and its principal insurance regulatory authority is the Arizona Department of Insurance AZDOI ). Our subsidiary PLNJ is domiciled in New Jersey and its principal insurance regulatory authority is the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance ("NJDOBI"). Generally, our insurance products must be approved by the insurance regulators in the state in which they are sold. Our insurance products are substantially affected by federal and state tax laws. 
 
 The primary regulatory frameworks applicable to Prudential Financial and the Company are described further below under the following section headings: 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 ERISA 
 Fiduciary Rules and other Standards of Care 
 U.S. State Insurance Holding Company Regulation 
 U.S. Insurance Operations 
 State Insurance Regulation 
 U.S. Federal and State Securities Regulation Affecting Insurance Operations 
 Other Consumer Protection Regulation 
 SECURE Act and other retirement product regulation 
 Derivatives Regulation 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Bribery Laws 
 Unclaimed Property Laws 
 Taxation 
 International and Global Regulatory Initiatives 
 
 Several of Prudential Financial s domestic and foreign regulators participate in an annual supervisory college facilitated by the NJDOBI. The purpose of the supervisory college is to promote ongoing supervisory coordination, facilitate the sharing of information among regulators and enhance each regulator s understanding of Prudential Financial s risk profile. The most recent supervisory college was held in October 2022. 
 Existing and future accounting rules may also impact our results of operations or financial condition. For a discussion of accounting pronouncements and their potential impact on our business, including Accounting Standards Update ASU 2018-12, Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank increased the potential for federal regulation of our businesses. The Financial Stability Oversight Council FSOC or the Council may designate certain financial companies as a non-bank financial company (a Designated Financial Company subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB ). In October 2017, the U.S. Department of the Treasury released a report titled A Financial System That Creates Economic Opportunities - Asset Management and Insurance which recommended, among other things, that primary federal and state regulators should focus on potential systemic risks arising from products and activities, and on implementing regulations that strengthen the asset management and insurance industries as a whole, rather than focus on an entity-based regulatory regime. The report also affirmed the role of the U.S. state-based system of insurance regulation. In December 2019, FSOC revised i ts interpretive guidance regarding Designated Financial Company determinations. The guidance describes the approach FSOC intends to take in prioritizing its work to identify and address potential risks to U.S. financial stability using an activities-based approach, and enhancing the analytical rigor and transparency in the processes FSOC intends to follow if it were to consider making a Designated Financial Company determination. 
 
 The Council maintains the authority to designate entities, including the Company, for FRB supervision if it determines that either (i) material financial distress at the entity, or (ii) the nature, scope, size, scale, concentration, interconnectedness, or mix of the entity s activities, could pose a threat to domestic financial stability. The Company continues to believe it does not meet the standards for designation. 
 
 We cannot predict whether Treasury reports, interpretive guidance, new legislation or other initiatives aimed at revising Dodd-Frank and regulation of the financial system will ultimately form the basis for changes to laws or regulations impacting the Company. 
 
 ERISA 
 
 The Employee Retirement Income Security Act ERISA is a comprehensive federal statute that applies to U.S. employee benefit plans sponsored by private employers and labor unions. Plans subject to ERISA include pension and profit sharing plans and welfare plans, including health, life and disability plans. ERISA provisions include reporting and disclosure rules, standards of conduct that apply to plan fiduciaries and prohibitions on transactions known as prohibited transactions, such as conflict-of-interest transactions and certain transactions between a benefit plan and a party in interest. ERISA also provides for civil and criminal penalties and enforcement. Prudential Financial s insurance, investment management and retirement businesses provide services to employee benefit plans subject to ERISA, including services where Prudential Financial may act as an ERISA fiduciary. In addition to ERISA regulation of businesses providing products and services to ERISA plans, Prudential Financial becomes subject to ERISA s prohibited transaction rules for transactions with those plans, which may affect Prudential Financial s ability to enter transactions, or the terms on which transactions may be entered, with those plans, even in businesses unrelated to those giving rise to party in interest status. 
 
 Fiduciary Rules and Other Standards of Care 
 
 The Company and our distributors are subject to rules regarding the standard of care applicable to sales of our products and the provision of advice to our customers. In recent years, many of these rules have been revised or reexamined, as described below. We cannot predict whether any proposed or new amendments to the existing regulatory framework will ultimately become applicable to our businesses. Any new standards issued by the U.S. Department of Labor DOL ), the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC or state regulators may affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 DOL Fiduciary Rules 
 
 In 2016, the DOL issued a rule that redefined who would be considered a fiduciary for purposes of transactions with qualified plans, plan participants and Individual Retirement Accounts IRAs ), and generally provided that investment advice to a plan participant or IRA owner would be treated as a fiduciary activity (the "2016 Rules"). In 2018, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals vacated the 2016 Rules. Prior to being vacated, the 2016 Rules adversely impacted sales in our individual annuities business and resulted in increased compliance costs. Compliance with the new exemption has resulted in increased costs, in particular in the Prudential Advisors distribution system. In December 2020, the DOL issued a new prohibited transaction exemption, which became effective on February 16, 2021, that replaced the previously vacated best interest contract exemption, The new exemption allows fiduciaries meeting the requirements of the exemption to receive compensation, including as a result of advice to rollover assets from a tax-qualified plan to an IRA, and to purchase from or sell certain investments to qualified plans and IRAs. The DOL also reinstated the pre-2016 investment advice regulation and provided its current interpretation of that regulation, which could result in rollover recommendations being fiduciary investment advice if certain conditions are met. On February 13, 2023, a U.S. District Court in Florida issued a decision that, in relevant part, vacates part of the DOL s interpretation of what constitutes fiduciary investment advice under the pre-2016 investment advice regulation. In addition, there is another case pending that also challenges the DOL s interpretation of that regulation. We cannot predict the outcome of those cases or whether the DOL will appeal. 
 
 SEC Best Interest Regulation 
 
 In June 2019, the SEC adopted a package of rulemakings and interpretative guidance that, among other things, requires broker-dealers to act in the best interest of retail customers when recommending securities transactions or investment strategies to them. The guidance also clarifies the SEC s views of the fiduciary duty that investment advisers owe to their clients. The best interest standards became effective on June 30, 2020. The standards apply to recommendations to purchase certain of our products and have resulted in increased compliance costs, in particular in our Prudential Advisors distribution system. 

U.S. State Standard of Care Regulation 
 
 In February 2020, the NAIC adopted revisions to the model suitability rule applicable to the sale of annuities. The revised model regulation states the insurance salesperson must act without placing the producer s or the insurer s financial interest ahead of the consumer s interest. The model rule will become applicable to us as it is adopted in each state, with 30 states having adopted the model to date. In addition, certain state regulators and legislatures have adopted or are considering adopting best interest standards. 
 
 U.S. State Insurance Holding Company Regulation 
 We are subject to the Arizona insurance holding company law which requires us to register with the insurance department and to furnish annually financial and other information about the operations of the Company. Generally, all transactions with affiliates that affect the Company must be fair and reasonable and, if material, require prior notice and approval or non-disapproval by the AZDOI. Similar laws are applicable to PLNJ in New Jersey. 
 
 Change of Control 
 
 Most states have insurance laws that require regulatory approval of a direct or indirect change of control of an insurer or an insurer s holding company. Laws such as these that apply to us prevent any person from acquiring control of Prudential Financial or of its insurance subsidiaries unless that person has filed a statement with specified information with the insurance regulators and has obtained their prior approval. Under most states statutes, acquiring 10 or more of the voting stock of an insurance company or its parent company is presumptively considered a change of control, although such presumption may be rebutted. As of January 2022, New Jersey has recognized an additional presumption of control upon the holding or controlling of enough proxies to elect 10 or more of the board of directors of a New Jersey-domiciled insurance company or its parent company. Accordingly, any person who acquires control of Prudential Financial, either by the acquisition of voting securities or, in the case of New Jersey, by the accumulation of proxies without the prior approval of the applicable insurance regulator of the states in which our U.S. insurance companies are domiciled will be in violation of these states laws and may be subject to injunctive action requiring the disposition or seizure of those securities or proxies by the relevant insurance regulator or prohibiting the voting of those securities or proxies and to other actions determined by the relevant insurance regulator. In addition, many state insurance laws require prior notification to state insurance departments of a change in control of a non-domiciliary insurance company doing business in that state. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Group-Wide Supervision 
 
 NJDOBI acts as the group-wide supervisor of Prudential Financial pursuant to New Jersey legislation that authorizes group-wide supervision of internationally active insurance groups IAIGs ). The law, among other provisions, authorizes NJDOBI to examine Prudential Financial and its subsidiaries, including by ascertaining the financial condition of the insurance companies for purposes of assessing enterprise risk. In accordance with this authority, NJDOBI receives information about Prudential Financial s operations beyond those of its New Jersey domiciled insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Additional areas of focus regarding group-wide supervision of insurance holding companies include the following: 
 
 Group Capital Calculation . The NAIC has developed and implemented a group capital calculati on that uses a risk -based capital RBC aggregation methodology to serve as an additional tool to help state regulators assess potential risks within and across insurance groups. 
 
 Macroprudential Framework . The NAIC is developing a macroprudential framework intended to: (1) improve state insurance regulators ability to monitor and respond to the impact of external financial and economic risks on insurers; (2) better monitor and respond to risk emanating from or amplified by insurers that might be transmitted externally; and (3) increase public awareness of NAIC/state monitoring capabilities regarding macroprudential trends. As part of this initiative, the NAIC has identified liquidity reporting and stress testing, resolution and recovery, capital stress testing, and counterparty exposure and concentration as areas of focus. 
 
 Examination . State insurance departments conduct periodic examinations of the books and records, financial reporting, policy filings and market conduct of insurance companies domiciled in their states, generally once every three to five years under guidelines promulgated by the NAIC. As group-wide supervisor, NJDOBI, along with our other insurance regulators, has expanded the periodic examinations to cover Prudential and all of its subsidiaries. AZDOI and NJDOBI, along with the insurance regulators of Connecticut and Indiana, has commenced a global consolidated group-wide examination of Prudential Financial and its subsidiaries for the five-year period ended December 31, 2021. We expect the examination to conclude in 2023. 
 
 We cannot predict what, if any, additional requirements and compliance costs any new group-wide standards will impose on Prudential Financial. 
 
 U.S. Insurance Operations 
 
 Generally, our insurance products must be approved by the insurance regulators in the state in which they are sold. Our insurance products are substantially affected by federal and state tax laws. 
 
 State Insurance Regulation 
 
 State insurance authorities have broad administrative powers with respect to all aspects of the insurance business including: (1) licensing to transact business; (2) licensing agents; (3) admittance of assets to statutory surplus; (4) regulating premium rates for certain insurance products; (5) approving policy forms; (6) regulating unfair trade and claims practices; (7) establishing reserve requirements and solvency standards; (8) fixing maximum interest rates on life insurance policy loans and minimum accumulation or surrender values; (9) regulating the type, amounts and valuations of investments permitted; (10) regulating reinsurance transactions, including the role of captive reinsurers; and (11) other matters. 
 
 State insurance laws and regulations require the Company to file financial statements with state insurance departments everywhere it does business in accordance with accounting practices and procedures prescribed or permitted by these departments. The Company s operations and accounts are subject to examination by those departments at any time. 
 
 Financial Regulation 
 
 Dividend Payment Limitations. The Arizona insurance law regulates the amount of dividends that may be paid by the Company. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of dividend restrictions. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Risk-Based Capital. We are subject to RBC requirements that are designed to enhance regulation of insurers solvency. The RBC calculation, which regulators use to assess the sufficiency of an insurer s statutory capital, measures the risk characteristics of a company s assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items. In general, RBC is calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and reserve items. Within a given risk category, these factors are higher for those items with greater underlying risk and lower for items with lower underlying risk. Insurers that have less statutory capital than required are considered to have inadequate capital and are subject to varying degrees of regulatory action depending upon the level of capital inadequacy. 
 
 Areas of the RBC framework that have recently been subject to reexamination or revision include the following: 
 
 Bond Factors . In 2021, the NAIC adopted the Moody s Analytics proposed revisions to the RBC C-1 factors for invested assets effective for the year-end 2021 RBC calculation. The revisions include expanding the current NAIC designations used in the RBC calculation from six bond structures to twenty. The new factors did not materially impact our RBC calculation. The NAIC is undertaking a second phase of this project to refine capital charges for structured securities. We cannot predict what impact the second phase of this work may ultimately have on our RBC calculation. 
 
 Longevity/Mortality Risk . In 2021, the NAIC s Life Risk-Based Capital Working Group adopted longevity risk factors for some annuity products and a correlation adjustment between longevity and mortality risk factors. The Company assumes this longevity risk primarily in its individual annuities business. The new factors did not materially impact our RBC calculation. In June 2022, the NAIC adopted new C-2 mortality factors for year-end 2022 that differentiate between products based on the length of the mortality guarantee and degree of pricing flexibility. The new factors are not expected to have a material impact on our RBC calculation. 
 
 Economic Scenario Generator Generator . In 2017, the American Academy of Actuaries notified the NAIC that it did not have the resources to maintain its Generator used in regulatory reserve and capital calculations. In 2020, the NAIC selected a third-party vendor to provide, maintain, and support the Generator prescribed for life and annuity statutory reserve and capital calculations. Development of the new Generator is ongoing, and the NAIC expects implementation to occur no earlier than 2025. We cannot predict what impact a new Generator may ultimately have on our businesses. 
 
 Due to the ongoing nature of the NAIC s activities regarding RBC, we cannot determine the ultimate timing of the proposed changes or their impact on RBC or on our financial position. 
 
 Insurance Reserves and Regulatory Capital. State insurance laws require us to analyze the adequacy of our reserves annually. Our appointed actuary must submit an opinion that our reserves, when considered in light of the assets we hold with respect to those reserves, make adequate provision for our contractual obligations and related expenses. 
 
 The reserving framework for certain of our products and the regulatory capital requirements applicable to our business have undergone reexamination and revision in recent years, including in the following areas: 
 
 Principle-Based Reserving for Life Insurance Products . In 2016, the NAIC adopted a principle-based reserving ("PBR") approach for life insurance products. Principle-based reserving replaces the reserving methods for life insurance products for which the former formulaic basis for reserves may not accurately reflect the risks or costs of the liability or obligations of the insurer. The principle-based reserving approach had a three-year phase-in period. Principle-based reserving will not affect reserves for policies in force prior to January 1, 2017. 
 
 The Company has introduced updated versions of its individual life products in conjunction with the requirement to adopt principle-based reserving by January 1, 2020. These updated products are currently priced to support the principle-based statutory reserve level without the need for reserve financing. 
 
 Variable Annuities Framework for Change . In 2019, the NAIC adopted final revisions to the Valuation Manual VM-21 and risk-based capital instructions to implement a new variable annuity statutory framework for 2020. Changes include: (i) providing more economic reflection of hedging in liability valuations; (ii) eliminating the Standard Scenario and replacing it with the Standard Projection; and (iii) standardizing capital market assumptions and aligning frameworks for total asset requirements and reserves. There was no material impact to our target capital levels from the revised framework. In 2022, the NAIC initiated a planned review of the Standard Projection implemented in 2020. The NAIC may update prescribed assumptions and/or methodologies and will be considering whether the calculation should be a binding requirement or disclosure only. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Asset Adequacy Testing. In June 2022, the NAIC adopted Actuarial Guideline 53. The new guideline provides guidance and requires additional sensitivity tests and disclosures for complex or high yielding assets. 
 
 New York Life Insurance Product Reserves . As a result of an agreement with the NY DFS regarding PLNJ's reserving methodologies for certain life insurance products, PLNJ holds additional statutory reserves on a New York basis, which reduces PLNJ's New York statutory surplus. PLNJ is not domiciled in New York, and these changes do not impact statutory reserves reported in New Jersey, its state of domicile, and therefore do not impact PLNJ's RBC ratio; however, the agreed reserve methodology may require PLNJ to hold additional New York statutory reserves in the future. New York s version of PBR, which became effective in January 2020, allows for modifications to the NAIC valuation model and New York s modifications might require us to increase our New York statutory reserves. In 2022, as a result of a periodic examination, the NY DFS determined that we would be required to change certain Asset Adequacy Testing methodologies that may require PLNJ to hold additional reserves on a New York statutory basis. If PLNJ were required to establish material additional reserves on a New York statutory accounting basis or post material amounts of additional collateral with respect to individual annuity or insurance products, PLNJ's ability to deploy capital for other purposes could be affected and it could be required to obtain additional funding from Prudential Financial or its affiliates. 
 
 Principle-Based Reserving PBR for Non-Variable Annuities. The NAIC is developing a principle-based reserving framework for non-variable (fixed) annuity products in the accumulation and payout phases. We cannot predict what impact a new fixed annuity PBR framework may ultimately have on our businesses. 
 
 Schedule D Long-Term Bonds. The NAIC s Statutory Accounting and Principles Working Group is evaluating revisions to the definition of long-term bonds reported on Schedule D under SSAP No. 26R and SSAP No. 43R, to address the current inconsistency in practice for the reporting of non-rated residual tranches for structures captured in scope of SSAP No.43R. 
 
 Reinsurance . In August 2021, the NAIC adopted a limit on yearly renewable term YRT reserve credits (Amendment Proposed Form 2020-10). The adoption requires insurers to complete the phase-in of pre-2020 PBR business by December 31, 2024, unless an insurer receives an additional extension of up to four years by their domiciliary commissioner. Prudential was granted approval for a seven-year transition along with an adjustment to the starting point for the year-ended December 31, 2021. The amendment allows a prudent level of future mortality improvement FMI beyond the valuation date starting in 2022. The NAIC has implemented an FMI assumption for 2022. 
 
 Interest Maintenance Reserve. In November 2022, in response to the rapidly rising interest rate environment, the NAIC undertook to reassess the statutory accounting treatment of negative interest maintenance reserve IMR ). Currently, negative IMR is non-admitted and reduces statutory surplus. A change to the statutory accounting treatment of negative IMR could therefore cause an increase in statutory surplus. We cannot, at this time, predict what action the NAIC may take. 
 
 Captive Reinsurance Companies 
 
 We use captive reinsurance affiliates to finance the portion of the statutory reserves for term and universal life policies that we consider to be non-economic for policies written prior to the implementation of principle-based reserving. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital Financing Activities Term and Universal Life Reserve Financing for a discussion of our life product reserves and reserve financing. 
 
 Market Conduct Regulation 
 
 State insurance laws and regulations include numerous provisions governing the marketplace activities of insurers, including provisions governing the form and content of disclosure to consumers, illustrations, advertising, sales practices and complaint handling, as well as underwriting and claims activity. State regulatory authorities generally enforce these provisions through periodic market conduct examinations. We have been subject to market conduct examinations relating to our marketplace activities, including with respect to the policies and procedures we use to locate guaranteed group annuity customers and establish related reserves. Market conduct examinations by state regulatory authorities have resulted and may in the future result in us increasing statutory reserves, changing operational processes and procedures, and being subject to fines or other discipline. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Registered Index Linked Annuities 
 
 The NAIC established the Index-Linked Variable Annuity Subgroup which was charged with evaluating registered index linked annuities RILAs and providing recommendations and changes, as appropriate, to nonforfeiture, or interim value requirements related to the product. The Life Actuarial Task Force of the NAIC adopted a draft actuarial guideline for RILA interim value requirements, effective for contracts issued on or after July 1, 2024. We cannot predict how state regulators may apply the new guidelines or how they may impact our business. 
 
 Data and Underwriting 
 
 The NAIC Accelerated Underwriting Working Group is continuing to evaluate insurers' use of external data and data analytics in accelerated life insurance underwriting. The Working Group is drafting guidance that explores the current state of the industry and its use of accelerated underwriting in life insurance and recommendations for regulators and insurers when evaluating accelerating underwriting. In addition, the NAIC is researching the use of big data and artificial intelligence, including machine learning in the business of insurance, and will evaluate existing regulatory frameworks. 
 
 Climate Change 
 
 In 2020, the NAIC established a Climate and Resiliency Task Force under the Executive Committee to coordinate domestic and international discussions and engagement on climate-related risk and resiliency issues. To date, the Task Force has implemented updates to the NAIC's annual Climate Risk Disclosure Survey and developed proposed enhancements to existing regulatory tools to address climate-related risks, which the NAIC continues to evaluate. 
 
 Insurance Guaranty Association Assessments 
 
 Each state has insurance guaranty association laws under which insurers doing business in the state are members and may be assess ed by state insurance guaranty associations for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. Typically, states assess each member insurer in an amount related to the member insurer s proportionate share of the line of business written by all member insurers in the state. The majority of state guaranty association laws provide a tax offset for a percentage of the assessment against future years' premium taxes. While we cannot predict the amount and timing of future assessments on the Company under these laws, Prudential Financial has established estimated reserves for future assessments relating to insurance companies that are currently subject to insolvency proceedings. 
 
 U.S. Federal and State Securities Regulation Affecting Insurance Operations 
 
 Our variable life insurance and variable annuity products generally are securities within the meaning of federal securities laws and may be required to be registered under the federal securities laws and subject to regulation by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). Federal securities regulation affects investment advice, sales and related activities with respect to these products. 
 In certain states, our variable life insurance and variable annuity products are considered securities within the meaning of state securities laws. As securities, these products may be subject to filing and certain other requirements. Also, sales activities with respect to these products generally are subject to state securities regulation. Such regulation may affect investment advice, sales and related activities for these products . 
 
 Federal Insurance Office 
 
 Dodd-Frank established a Federal Insurance Office FIO within the Department of the Treasury headed by a director appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury. While the FIO does not have general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance, the FIO director performs various functions with respect to insurance, including serving as a non-voting member of the Council, monitoring the insurance sector and representing the U.S. on prudential aspects of international insurance matters, including at the International Association of Insurance Supervisors ("IAIS"). 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 SECURE Act 
 
 The Setting Every Community up for Retirement Enhancement SECURE Act, enacted in 2020, is intended to help promote retirement plan coverage and increase retirement plan savings, as well as facilitate access to guaranteed lifetime income solutions. The SECURE Act addresses coverage issues by making it easier for small businesses to participate in pooled employer plans and requires coverage of certain long-term, part-time workers. The SECURE Act addresses savings issues by raising the cap on amounts contributed through auto-enrollment, increasing the maximum age for required minimum withdrawals to 72 and removing the age cap (70 1/2) for making IRA contributions. The SECURE Act also made it easier for employers to include guaranteed lifetime income as part of their plan by providing an annuity provider selection safe harbor, as well as providing for the portability of participant investments in annuity products. In addition, the SECURE Act included provisions that enable participants to withdraw, penalty-free, up to 5,000 for expenses attendant to the birth or adoption of a child and limit the ability of certain IRA beneficiaries to defer tax recognition of their inheritance beyond ten years. The 2023 Consolidated Appropriations Act, enacted on December 29, 2022, includes what is known as SECURE 2.0, which largely builds upon the changes made by the SECURE Act. Key provisions of SECURE 2.0 include, among other things, (1) increasing the age for required minimum withdrawals; (2) changes to the automatic enrollment rules for 401(k) plans; (3) allowing greater catch-up contributions and financial incentives for plan participation; (4) treating an employee's student loan payments as elective deferrals for purposes of matching contributions; and (5) new options for plan distributions. 
 
 In December, 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 CAA ). The CAA includes a provision that changes the floor interest rates used for Definition of Life Insurance DOLI testing under Section 7702 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and Modified Endowment Contract MEC testing under Section 7702A of the Code. The change is intended to better reflect the current low interest rate environment and, for contracts issued on or after January 1, 2021, may increase the DOLI and MEC limits and allow more premium payments relative to the death benefit. 
 
 In March, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ARPA was enacted. The ARPA includes, among other things, provisions intended to improve funding for multiemployer pension plans, including providing special financial assistance through the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation to qualifying underfunded plans and adding five years to the funding improvement period and the rehabilitation period for plans that were in endangered or critical status in 2020 or 2021. The ARPA includes single-employer pension funding relief in the form of interest rate stabilization and an extension of the period for amortizing funding shortfalls. 
 
 Derivatives Regulation 
 
 Prudential Financial and its subsidiaries use derivatives for various purposes, including hedging interest rate, foreign currency and equity market exposures. Dodd-Frank established a framework for regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives markets. This framework sets out requirements regarding the clearing and reporting of derivatives transactions, as well as collateral posting requirements for uncleared swaps. Affiliated swaps entered into between Prudential Financial subsidiaries are generally exempt from most of these requirements. 
 
 We continue to monitor the potential hedging cost impacts of new initial margin requirements, and increased capital requirements for derivatives transactions. Additionally, the increased need to post cash collateral in connection with mandatorily cleared swaps may also require the liquidation of higher yielding assets for cash, resulting in a negative impact on investment income. 
 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 
 We are subject to laws, regulations and directives that require financial institutions and other businesses to protect the security and confidentiality of personal, proprietary, or other non-public information, including intellectual property, health-related and customer information, and to notify their customers and other appropriate individuals of their policies and practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of such information. In addition, we are subject to international data protection and privacy laws, regulations, and directives concerning the safeguarding and protection of personal information, including as such laws relate to the cross border transfer or use of personal information. These laws, regulations and directives also: 
 
 require protections regarding or limiting the use and disclosure of certain sensitive personal information such as national identifier numbers (e.g., social security numbers) or racial or ethnic origin; 
 require notice to affected individuals, regulators and others if there is a breach of the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of certain personal or confidential information; 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 require financial institutions and creditors to implement effective programs to detect, prevent, and mitigate identity theft; 
 regulate the process by which financial institutions make telemarketing calls and send e-mail, text, or fax messages to consumers and customers; 
 require oversight of third parties that have access to, and handle, personal or confidential information; 
 provide individuals with certain rights over their personal information, such as the right to know what personal information is being collected and whether the information is being sold or shared, and the right to obtain portable copies of or request the deletion or correction of their personal information; and 
 prescribe the permissible uses of certain personal information, including customer information and consumer report information. 
 
 Regulatory and legislative activity in the areas of privacy, data protection and information and cybersecurity continues to increase worldwide. Financial regulators in the U.S. and international jurisdictions in which Prudential Financial operates continue to focus on data privacy and cybersecurity, including in proposed rulemaking, and have communicated heightened expectations and have increased emphasis in this area in their examinations of regulated entities. For example, the E.U. s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, confers additional privacy rights on individuals in the E.U. and establishes significant penalties for violations. In addition, in the U.S., certain lawmakers in Congress have proposed a number of sweeping privacy laws. In California, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA became effective in 2020 and confers numerous privacy rights on individuals and corresponding obligations on businesses. Additional rights and obligations will be imposed by the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which amends the CCPA and will become effective in 2023. Additional states, such as Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia have also passed comprehensive privacy laws similar in scope to the CCPA and CPRA that will also become effective in 2023. The NAIC is drafting updated model privacy legislation that will likely be completed in 2023, with states beginning to adopt the model in 2024. Internationally, a number of countries such as Brazil and Japan have enacted GDPR-like regulations, while others, such as India, are considering such regulations or, in the case of China, have enacted other privacy and data security regulations. 
 
 In October 2017, the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law. The model law requires that insurance companies establish a cybersecurity program and includes specific technical safeguards as well as requirements regarding governance, incident planning, data management, system testing, vendor oversight and regulator notification. The NY DFS adopted a similar regulation effective March 2017 and released its proposed amendments to the regulation in November 2022, which are expected to become effective in 2023. Other states have either implemented the Model Law or are anticipated to implement it or similar laws in the near future. 
 
 The Company is monitoring regulatory guidance and rulemaking in these areas, and may be subject to increased compliance costs and regulatory requirements. In order to respond to the threat of security breaches and cyber-attacks, Prudential Financial has developed a program overseen by the Chief Information Security Officer and the Information Security Office that is designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and continued availability of all information owned by, or in the care of the Company. As part of this program, we also maintain an incident response plan. The program provides for the coordination of various corporate functions and governance groups and serves as a framework for the execution of responsibilities across businesses and operational roles. Among other things, the program establishes security standards for our technological resources, and includes training for employees, contractors and third parties. As part of the program, we conduct periodic exercises with independent outside advisors to assess the effectiveness of our program and our internal response preparedness. We regularly engage with the broader security community and monitor cyber threat information. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Bribery Laws 
 
 Our business is subject to various anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and regulations that seek to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators and law enforcement entities in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering. In addition, under current U.S. law and regulations we may be prohibited from dealing with certain individuals or entities in certain circumstances and we may be required to monitor customer activities, which may affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We are also subject to various laws and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments to government officials and others, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. s Anti-Bribery Law. The obligation of financial institutions, including the Company, to identify their clients, to monitor for and report suspicious transactions, to monitor dealings with government officials, to respond to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies, and to share information with other financial institutions, has required the implementation and maintenance of internal practices, procedures and controls. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Unclaimed Property Laws 
 
 We are subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions concerning the identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned funds, and we are subject to audit and examination for compliance with these requirements. For additional discussion of these matters, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Taxation 
 
 U.S. Taxation 
 
 Prudential Financial and certain domestic subsidiaries, including the Company, file a consolidated federal income tax return that includes both life insurance companies and non-life insurance companies. The principal differences between the Company s actual income tax expense and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate are generally deductions for non-taxable investment income, including the Dividends Received Deduction DRD and certain tax credits. For tax years starting in 2018, the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is 21 . A future increase in the applicable statutory federal income tax rate above 21 would adversely impact the Company's tax position. In addition, as discussed further below, the tax attributes of our products may impact both the Company s and our customers tax positions. See Income Taxes in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company s tax position. As discussed further below, new tax legislation and other potential changes to the tax law may impact the Company s tax position and the attractiveness of our products. 
 
 The United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 ("Tax Act of 2017") changed the taxation of businesses and individuals by lowering tax rates and broadening the tax base through the acceleration of taxable income and the deferral or elimination of certain deductions, as well as changing the system of taxation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The most significant changes for the Company were: (1) the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 ; (2) revised methodologies for determining deductions for tax reserves and the DRD; and (3) an increased capitalization and amortization period for acquisition costs related to certain products. 
 
 In March 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress enacted the CARES Act. One provision of the CARES Act amends the Tax Act of 2017 and allows companies with net operating losses NOLs originating in 2018, 2019 or 2020 to carry back those losses for up to five years. See Income Taxes in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 In August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ). Among other provisions, the Inflation Reduction Act imposes a 15 alternative minimum tax on corporations CAMT with average applicable financial statement income over 1 billion for any 3-year period ending with 2022 or later. This provision is effective in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. The impact of the alternative minimum tax, if any, will vary from year to year based on the relationship of our GAAP income to our taxable income. Additionally, there remain several open items with respect to the application of the alternative minimum tax on corporations, including how to apply the provision to insurance company separate accounts and certain forms of reinsurance, which will inform how and to what degree this tax impacts the Company. 
 
 Since the enactment of the Tax Act of 2017, the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service IRS promulgated Proposed and Final Regulations on a number of provisions within or impacted by the Tax Act of 2017. The Treasury and IRS have requested comments on the Proposed Regulations. Our analysis of these Proposed R egulations is on-going and further guidance may be needed from the Treasury Department and the IRS to fully understand and implement several provisions. Other life insurance and financial services companies may benefit more or less from these tax law changes, which could impact the Company s overall competitive position. Notwithstanding the enactment of the Tax Act of 2017, the President, Congress, as well as state and local governments, may continue to consider from time to time legislation that could increase the amount of corporate taxes we pay, thereby reducing earnings. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. federal tax law generally permits tax deferral on the inside build-up of investment value of certain retirement savings, annuities and life insurance products until there is a contract distribution and, in general, excludes from taxation the death benefit paid under a life insurance contract. The Tax Act of 2017 did not change these rules, though it is possible that some individuals with overall lower effective tax rates could be less attracted to the tax deferral aspect of the Company s products. The general reduction in individual tax rates and elimination of certain individual deductions may also impact the Company, depending on whether current and potential customers have more or less after-tax income to save for retirement and manage their mortality and longevity risk through the purchase of the Company s products. Congress from time to time may enact other changes to the tax law that could make our products less attractive to consumers, including legislation that would modify the tax favored treatment of retirement savings, life insurance and annuities products. 
 
 The products we sell have different tax characteristics and, in some cases, generate tax deductions and credits for the Company. Changes in either the U.S. or foreign tax laws may negatively impact the deductions and credits available to the Company, including the ability of the Company to claim foreign tax credits with respect to taxes withheld on our investments supporting separate account products. These changes would increase the Company s actual tax expense and reduce its consolidated net income. 
 
 The profitability of certain products is significantly dependent on these characteristics and our ability to continue to generate taxable income, which is taken into consideration when pricing products and is a component of our capital management strategies. Accordingly, changes in tax law, our ability to generate taxable income, or other factors impacting the availability or value of the tax characteristics generated by our products, could impact product pricing, increase our tax expense or require us to reduce our sales of these products or implement other actions that could be disruptive to our businesses. 
 
 International and Global Regulatory Initiatives 
 
 In addition to the adoption of Dodd-Frank in the United States, lawmakers around the world are actively exploring steps to avoid future financial crises. In many respects, this work is being led by the Financial Stability Board FSB ), which consists of representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 nations. The G20, the FSB and related bodies have developed proposals to address such issues as financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards, systemic economic risk, corporate governance including executive compensation, and a host of related issues. 
 
 In July 2013, Prudential Financial, along with eight other global insurers, was designated by the FSB as a global systemically important insurer G-SII through a quantitative methodology developed and implemented by the IAIS. Prudential Financial remained designated as a G-SII until November 2018, at which point the FSB announced that it would not engage in an identification of G-SIIs based on the IAIS progress with development of the Holistic Framework for Systemic Risk in the Insurance Sector Holistic Framework ). The Holistic Framework, which was adopted by the IAIS in November 2019, focuses on employing an Activities Based approach ABA to assessing and managing potential sources of systemic risk through enhancements to IAIS policy measures pertaining to macroprudential surveillance, enterprise risk management, liquidity management, crisis management and recovery planning. In addition to the ABA elements, the Holistic Framework preserves the IAIS annual data collection and monitoring process. Upon the IAIS adoption of the Holistic Framework, the FSB initially suspended and in December 2022 discontinued the annual identification of G-SIIs. The FSB will now utilize assessments available through the Holistic Framework to evaluate systemic risk in the insurance sector. 
 
 In addition to its post financial crisis work on systemic risk, the IAIS developed the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups ComFrame ). Through ComFrame, the IAIS seeks to promote effective and globally consistent supervision of the insurance industry through uniform standards for insurer corporate governance, enterprise risk management and other control functions, group-wide supervision and group capital adequacy. The non-capital related components of ComFrame were adopted by the IAIS in November 2019. The ICS, which is the capital adequacy component of ComFrame, entered a five-year monitoring phase beginning in 2020. During the monitoring phase, IAIGs are encouraged to report ICS results to their group supervisory authorities to support the IAIS efforts to obtain feedback on the appropriateness of the framework. The IAIS will use input from supervisory authorities and IAIGs as well as stakeholder feedback on a public consultation and the results of an economic impact assessment to further improve the ICS. The IAIS is scheduled to adopt a final version of the ICS, which it expects its member supervisory authorities to implement, in 2025. 
 
 As a standard setting body, the IAIS does not have direct authority to require insurance companies to comply with the policy measures it develops, including the ICS and proposed policy measures within the Holistic Framework. However, we could become subject to these policy measures if they were adopted by either our group supervisor or supervisors of Prudential Financial's international operations or companies, which could impact the manner in which Prudential Financial deploys its capital, structures and manages its businesses, and otherwise operates both within the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 The Company has no employees. Services to the Company are primarily provided by employees of Prudential Insurance as described under Expense Charges and Allocations in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the following risks. Additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under Forward-Looking Statements above and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 Overview 
 The Company's risk management framework documents the definition, potential manifestation, and management of its risks. The Company s risks include investment, insurance, market, liquidity, and operational risk, as well as strategic risks that may cause the Company s core business model to change, either through a shift in the businesses in which it is engaged or a change in execution. The Company s strategic risks include regulatory and technological changes and other external factors. The Company's risks are further discussed below. 
 Investment Risk 
 Our investment portfolios are subject to the risk of loss due to default or deterioration in credit quality or value. 
 We are exposed to investment risk through our investments, which primarily consist of public and private fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities and alternative assets including private equity, hedge funds and real estate. We are also exposed to investment risk through a potential counterparty default. 
 Investment risk may result from: (1) economic conditions; (2) adverse capital market conditions, including disruptions in individual market sectors or a lack of buyers in the marketplace; (3) volatility; (4) credit spread changes; (5) benchmark interest rate changes; and (6) declines in value of underlying collateral. These factors may impact the credit quality, liquidity and value of our investments and derivatives, potentially resulting in higher capital charges and unrealized or realized losses. Also, certain investments we hold, regardless of market conditions, are relatively illiquid and our ability to promptly sell these assets for their full value may be limited. Additionally, our valuation of investments may include methodologies, inputs and assumptions which are subject to change and different interpretation and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially impact our results of operations or financial condition. For information about the valuation of our investments, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our investment portfolio is subject to credit risk, which is the risk that an obligor (or guarantor) is unable or unwilling to meet its contractual payment obligations on its fixed maturity security, loan or other obligations. Credit risk may manifest in an idiosyncratic manner (i.e., specific to an individual borrower or industry) or through market-wide credit cycles. Financial deterioration of the obligor increases the risk of default and may increase the capital charges required under such regimes as the NAIC RBC, or other constructs to hold the investment and in turn, potentially limit our overall capital flexibility. Credit defaults (as well as credit impairments, realized losses on credit-related sales, and increases in credit related reserves) may result in losses which adversely impact earnings, capital and our ability to appropriately match our liabilities and meet future obligations. 
 Our Company is subject to counterparty risk, which is the risk that the counterparty to a transaction could default or deteriorate in creditworthiness before or at the final settlement of a transaction. In the normal course of business, we enter into financial contracts to manage risks (such as derivatives to manage market risk and reinsurance treaties to manage insurance risk), improve the return on investments (such as securities lending and repurchase transactions) and provide sources of liquidity or financing (such as credit agreements, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements). These transactions expose the Company to counterparty risk. Counterparties include commercial banks, investment banks, broker-dealers and insurance and reinsurance companies. In the event of a counterparty deterioration or default, the magnitude of the losses will depend on then current market conditions and the length of time required to enter into a replacement transaction with a new counterparty. Losses are likely to be higher under stressed conditions. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Our investment portfolio is subject to equity risk, which is the risk of loss due to deterioration in market value of public equity or alternative assets. We include public equity and alternative assets (including private equity, hedge funds and real estate) in our portfolio constructions, as these asset classes can provide returns over longer periods of time, aligning with the long-term nature of certain of our liabilities. Public equity and alternative assets have varying degrees of price transparency. Equities traded on stock exchanges (public equities) have significant price transparency, as transactions are often required to be disclosed publicly. Assets with less price transparency include private equity (joint ventures/limited partnerships) and direct real estate. As these investments typically do not trade on public markets and indications of realizable market value may not be readily available, valuations can be infrequent and/or more volatile. A sustained decline in public equity and alternative markets may reduce the returns earned by our investment portfolio through lower than expected dividend income, property operating income, and capital gains, thereby adversely impacting earnings, capital, and product pricing assumptions. These assets may also produce volatility in earnings as a result of uneven distributions on the underlying investments. 
 Insurance Risk 
 We have significant liabilities for policyholders' benefits which are subject to insurance risk. Insurance risk is the risk that actual experience deviates adversely from our insurance assumptions, including mortality and policyholder behavior assumptions. We provide a variety of insurance products that are designed to help customers protect against a variety of financial uncertainties. Our insurance products protect customers against their potential risk of loss by transferring those risks to the Company, where those risks can be managed more efficiently through pooling and diversification over a larger number of independent exposures. During this transfer process, we assume the risk that actual losses experienced in our insurance products deviates significantly from what we expect. More specifically, insurance risk is concerned with the deviations that impact our future liabilities. Our profitability may decline if mortality experience or policyholder behavior experience differ significantly from our expectations when we price our products. In addition, if we experience higher than expected claims our liquidity position may be adversely impacted, and we may incur losses on investments if we are required to sell assets in order to pay claims. If it is necessary to sell assets at a loss, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. For a discussion of the impact of changes in insurance assumptions on our financial condition, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Accounting Policies and Pronouncements Application of Critical Accounting Estimates Insurance Liabilities . 
 Certain of our insurance products are subject to mortality risk, which is the risk that actual deaths experienced deviate adversely from our expectations. Mortality risk is a biometric risk that can manifest in the following ways: 
 Mortality calamity is the risk that mortality rates in a single year deviate adversely from what is expected as the result of pandem ics, na tural or man-made disasters, military actions or terrorism. A mortality calamity event will reduce our earnings and capital and we may be forced to liquidate assets before maturity in order to pay the excess claims. Mortality calamity risk is more pronounced in respect of specific geographic areas (including major metropolitan centers, where we have concentrations of customers, concentrations of employees or significant operations,) and in respect of countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to a greater potential threat of military action or conflict. Ultimate losses would depend on several factors, including the rates of mortality and morbidity among various segments of the insured population, the collectability of reinsurance, the possible macroeconomic effects on our investment portfolio, the effect on lapses and surrenders of existing policies, as well as sales of new policies and other variables. 
 
 Mortality trend is the risk that mortality improvements in the future deviate adversely from what is expected. Mortality trend is a long-term risk that could emerge gradually over time. Longevity products, such as annuities, experience adverse impacts due to higher-than-expected mortality improvement. Mortality products, such as life insurance, experience adverse impacts due to lower-than-expected improvement. If this risk were to emerge, the Company would update assumptions used to calculate reserves for in-force business, which may result in additional assets needed to meet the higher expected annuity claims or earlier expected life claims. An increase in reserves due to revised assumptions has an immediate impact on our results of operations and financial condition; however, economically the impact is generally long-term as the excess outflow is paid over time. 
 
 Mortality base is the risk that actual base mortality deviates adversely from what is expected in pricing and valuing our products. Base mortality risk can arise from a lack of credible data on which to base the assumptions. 
 
 We use reinsurance as a strategy to manage our mortality risks, however, this may not be fully effective and may lead to payments to counterparties in excess of recoveries depending on how actual mortality experience emerges and on future changes in the level of premiums we pay to reinsurers. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our insurance products are subject to policyholder behavior risk, which is the risk that actual policyholder behavior deviates adversely from what is expected. 
 Lapse calamity is the risk that lapse rates over the short-term deviate adversely from what is expected, for example, surrenders of certain insurance products may increase following a downgrade of our financial strength ratings or adverse publicity. Only certain products are exposed to this risk. Products that offer a cash surrender value that resides in the general account could pose a potential short-term lapse calamity risk. Surrender of these products can impact liquidity, and it may be necessary in certain market conditions to sell assets to meet surrender demands. Lapse calamity can also impact our earnings through its impact on estimated future profits. 
 
 Policyholder behavior risk is the risk that the behavior of our customers or policyholders deviates adversely from what is expected. Policyholder behavior risk arises through product features which provide some degree of choice or flexibility for the policyholder, which can impact the amount and/or timing of claims. Such choices include surrender, lapse, partial withdrawal, policy loan, utilization, and premium payment rates for contracts with flexible premiums. While some behavior is driven by macro factors such as market movements, policyholder behavior at a fundamental level is driven primarily by policyholders individual needs, which may differ significantly from product to product depending on many factors including the features offered, the approach taken to market each product, and competitor pricing. For example, persistency (the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force) within our annuities business may be significantly impacted by the value of guaranteed minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products being higher than current account values in light of poor market performance as well as other factors. Many of our products also provide our customers with wide flexibility with respect to the amount and timing of premium deposits and the amount and timing of withdrawals from the policy s value. Results may vary based on differences between actual and expected premium deposits and withdrawals for these products, especially if these product features are relatively new to the marketplace. The pricing of certain of our variable annuity products that contain certain living benefit guarantees is also based on assumptions about utilization rates, or the percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit during the contract duration, including the timing of the first withdrawal. Results may vary based on differences between actual and expected benefit utilization. We may also be impacted by customers seeking to sell their benefits. In particular, the development of a secondary market for life insurance, including life settlements or viaticals and investor owned life insurance, and third-party investor strategies in our annuities business, could adversely affect the profitability of existing business and our pricing assumptions for new business. Policyholder behavior risk is generally a long-term risk that emerges over time. An increase in reserves due to revised assumptions has an immediate impact on our results of operations and financial condition; however, from an economic or cash flow perspective, the impact is generally long-term as the excess outflow is paid over time. 
 Our ability to reprice products is limited, and may not compensate for deviations from our expected insurance assumptions. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits during the life of the policy or contract, the adjustments permitted under the terms of the policies or contracts may not be sufficient to maintain profitability or may cause the policies or contracts to lapse. Many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits or limit those adjustments during the life of the policy or contract. Even if permitted under the policy or contract, other factors may impact our decision whether to raise premiums or adjust other charges sufficiently, or at all. Accordingly, significant deviations in actual experience from our pricing assumptions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. 
 Market Risk 
 The profitability of many of our insurance and annuity products are subject to market risk. Market risk is the risk of loss from changes in interest rates and equity prices. 
 The profitability of many of our insurance and annuity products depends in part on the value of the separate accounts supporting these products, which can fluctuate substantially depending on market conditions. 
 Derivative instruments that we use to hedge and manage interest rate and equity market risks associated with our products and businesses, and other risks might not perform as intended or expected resulting in higher than expected realized losses and stresses on liquidity and/or regulatory capital. Market conditions can limit availability of hedging instruments, require us to post additional collateral, and further increase the cost of executing product related hedges and such costs may not be recovered in the pricing of the underlying products being hedged. 
 Market risk may limit opportunities for investment of available funds at desired returns, including due to the prevailing interest rate environment, or other factors, with possible negative impacts on our overall results. Limited opportunities for attractive investments may lead to holding cash for long periods of time and an increased use of derivatives for duration management and other portfolio management purposes. The increased use of derivatives or portfolio rebalancing may increase the volatility of our U.S. GAAP results and our statutory capital. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Our investments, results of operations and financial condition may also be adversely affected by developments in the global economy, and in the U.S. economy (including as a result of actions by the Federal Reserve with respect to interest rate and monetary policy, and adverse political developments). Global or U.S. economic activity and financial markets may in turn be negatively affected by adverse developments or conditions in specific geographical regions. 
 
 For a discussion of the impact of current market conditions on our liquidity and capital resources outlook, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Current Market Conditions. 
 For a discussion of the impact of changes in market conditions on our financial condition see Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk". 
 Our insurance and annuity products, and our investment returns, are subject to interest rate risk, which is the risk of loss arising from asset/liability duration mismatches within our general account investments. The risk of mismatch in asset/liability duration is mainly driven by the specific dynamics of product liabilities. Some product liabilities are expected to have only modest risk related to interest rates because cash flows can be matched by available assets; however, other product liabilities generate long-term cash flows (i.e., 30 years or more), resulting in significant interest rate risk, since these cash flows cannot be matched by assets for sale in the marketplace, exposing the Company to future reinvestment risk. In addition, certain of our products provide for recurring premiums which may be invested at interest rates lower than the rates included in our pricing assumptions. Market-sensitive cash flows exist with other product liabilities including products whose cash flows can be linked to market performance through secondary guarantees, minimum crediting rates, and/or changes in insurance assumptions. 
 Our exposure to interest rates can manifest over years as in the case of earnings compression or in the short term by creating volatility in both earnings and capital. For example, some of our products expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce the spread between the amounts that we are required to pay under contracts and the rate of return we are able to earn on our general account investments supporting these contracts. When interest rates decline or remain low, we must invest in lower-yielding instruments, potentially reducing net investment income and constraining our ability to offer certain products. This risk is increased as more policyholders may retain their policies in a low rate environment. Since many of our policies and contracts have guaranteed minimum crediting rates or limit the resetting of crediting rates, the spreads could decrease or go negative. 
 Alternatively, when interest rates rise, we may not be able to replace the assets in our general account with the higher-yielding assets as quickly as needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep these products and contracts competitive. It is possible that fewer policyholders may retain their policies and annuity contracts as they pursue higher crediting rates, which could expose the Company to losses and liquidity stress. 
 Our mitigation efforts with respect to interest rate risk are primarily focused on maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a key rate duration profile that is approximately equal to the key rate duration profile of our liability and surplus benchmarks; however, these benchmarks are based on estimates of the liability cash flow profiles which are complex and could turn out to be inaccurate, especially when markets are volatile. In addition, there are practical and capital market limitations on our ability to accomplish this matching. Due to these and other factors we may need to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a loss in order to satisfy liabilities or be forced to reinvest funds in a lower rate environment. 
 Guarantees within certain of our products, in particular our variable annuities and to a lesser extent certain individual life products, are market sensitive and may decrease our earnings or increase the volatility of our results of operations or financial position under U.S. GAAP. Certain of our products, particularly our variable annuity products, include guarantees of minimum surrender values or income streams for stated periods or for life, which may be in excess of account values. Certain of our products, particularly certain index-linked annuity and individual life products, include interest crediting guarantees based on the performance of an index. Downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility, increased credit spreads, or (as discussed above) reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of liabilities associated with such guarantees, resulting in increases in reserves and reductions in net income. We use a variety of hedging and risk management strategies, including product features, to mitigate these risks in part and we may periodically change our strategies over time. These strategies may, however, not be fully effective. In addition, we may be unable or may choose not to fully hedge these risks. Hedging instruments may not effectively offset the costs of guarantees or may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. Hedging instruments also may not change in value correspondingly with associated liabilities due to equity market or interest rate conditions, non-performance risk or other reasons. We may choose to hedge these risks on a basis that does not correspond to their anticipated or actual impact upon our results of operations or financial position under U.S. GAAP. Changes from period to period in the valuation of these policy benefits, and in the amount of our obligations effectively hedged, will result in volatility in our results of operations and financial position under U.S. GAAP and our statutory capital levels. Estimates and assumptions we make in connection with hedging activities may fail to reflect or correspond to our actual long-term exposure from our guarantees. Further, the risk of increases in the costs of our guarantees not covered by our hedging and other capital and risk management strategies may become more significant due to changes in policyholder behavior driven by market conditions or other factors. The above factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our valuation of the liabilities for the minimum benefits contained in many of our variable annuity products requires us to consider the market perception of our risk of non-performance, and a decrease in our own credit spreads resulting from ratings upgrades or other events or market conditions could cause the recorded value of these liabilities to increase, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 As a financial services company, we are exposed to liquidity risk, which is the risk that the Company is unable to meet near-term obligations as they come due. 
 Liquidity risk is a manifestation of events that are driven by other risk types (market, insurance, investment, operational). A liquidity shortfall may arise in the event of insufficient funding sources or an immediate and significant need for cash or collateral. In addition, it is possible that expected liquidity sources may be unavailable or inadequate to satisfy the liquidity demands described below. 
 The Company has four primary sources of liquidity exposure and associated drivers that trigger material liquidity demand. Those sources are: 
 Derivative collateral market exposure: Abrupt changes to interest rate, equity, and/or currency markets may increase collateral requirements to counterparties and create liquidity risk for the Company. 
 Asset liability mismatch: There are liquidity risks associated with liabilities coming due prior to the matching asset cash flows. Structural maturities mismatch can occur in activities such as securities lending, where the liabilities are effectively overnight open transactions used to fund longer term assets. 
 Wholesale funding: We depend upon the financial markets for funding. These sources might not be available during times of stress, or may only be available on unfavorable terms, which can result in a decrease in our profitability and a significant reduction in our financial flexibility. 
 Insurance cash flows: We face potential liquidity risks from unexpected cash demands due to severe mortality calamity, customer withdrawals or lapse events. If such events were to occur, the Company may face unexpectedly high levels of claim payments to policyholders. 
 For a discussion of the Company's liquidity and sources and uses of liquidity see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity". 
 Operational Risk 
 Our operations are exposed to the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human error or misconduct, and as a result of external events. 
 An operational risk failure may result in one or more actual or potential impacts to the Company. Operational risk may be elevated as a result of o rganizational changes, including recent and planned changes related to Prudential Financial's business transformation efforts. 
 Operational Risk Types 
 Processes - Processing failure; failure to safeguard or retain documents/records; errors in valuation/pricing models and processes; project management or execution failures; improper sales practices; improper administration of our products. 
 Systems - Failures during the development and implementation of new systems; systems failures. 
 People - Internal fraud, breaches of employment law, unauthorized activities; loss or lack of key personnel, inadequate training; inadequate supervision. 
 External Events - External crime; cyber-attack; outsourcing risk; vendor risk; natural and other disasters; changes in laws/regulations. 
 Legal - Legal and regulatory compliance failures. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Potential Impacts 
 Financial losses - The Company experiences a financial loss. This loss may originate from various causes including, but not limited to, transaction processing errors and fraud. 
 Client Service impacts - The Company may not be able to service customers. This may result if the Company is unable to continue operations during a business continuation event or if systems are compromised due to malware or virus. 
 Regulatory fines or sanctions - When the Company fails to comply with applicable laws or regulations, regulatory fines or sanctions may be imposed. In addition, possible restrictions on business activities may result. 
 Legal actions - Failure to comply with laws and regulations also exposes the Company to litigation risk. This may also result in financial losses. 
 Reputational harm - Failure to meet regulator, customer, investor and other stakeholder expectations may cause reputational harm. 
 Liabilities we may incur as a result of operational failures are described further under Contingent Liabilities in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, certain pending regulatory and litigation matters affecting us, and certain risks to our businesses presented by such matters, are discussed in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We may become subject to additional regulatory and legal actions in the future. 
 Key Enterprise Operational Risks - Key enterprise operational risks include, among others, the following: 
 We are subject to business continuation risk, which is the risk that our operations, systems or data, or those of third- parties on whom we rely, may be disrupted. We may experience a disruption in business continuity as a result of, among other things, the following: 
 Severe pandemic, epidemic, or other public health crises, either naturally occurring or resulting from intentionally manipulated pathogens; 
 Geo-political risks, including armed conflict and civil unrest; 
 Terrorist events; 
 Significant natural or accidental disasters; 
 Cyber-attacks, both systemic (e.g., affecting the internet, cloud services, and/or other financial services industry infrastructure) and targeted (e.g., failures in or breach of our systems or that of third-parties on whom we rely); 
 Insider threats; 
 Physical infrastructure outages; 
 Workforce unavailability resulting from any of the above events, among others. 
 We depend heavily on our telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and continuing availability of data we use to run our businesses and service our customers. These systems, and any available backups, may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond our control. 
 Further, we face the risk of operational and technology failures experienced by others, including clearing agents, exchanges and other financial intermediaries and vendors and other third parties to which we outsource the provision of services or business operations. 
 We, or third-parties on whom we rely, may not adequately maintain information security. There continues to be significant and increased cyber-attack activity against businesses, including but not limited to the financial services sector and no organization, regardless of measures implemented to safeguard the systems and detect threats, is fully immune to cyber-attacks. Our cybersecurity risk and exposure remains heightened because of, among other things, the rapidly evolving nature and pervasiveness of cyber threats (including supply-chain attacks), our brand and reputation, our size and scale, our geographic presence and our role in the financial services industry and the broader economy. Risks related to cyber-attack arise in various areas, including: 
 Protecting both structured and unstructured sensitive information is a constant need; however, some risks cannot be fully mitigated using administrative, technological, or physical controls, or otherwise. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Employees, customers, or other users of our systems continue to be a key avenue for malicious external parties to gain access to our network, systems, data, or that of our customers. Many attacks leverage social engineering schemes (such as phishing, vishing, or smishing) to coax an internal user to click on a malicious attachment or link to introduce malware into companies systems or steal the user s username and password. Such social engineering schemes are becoming increasingly sophisticated and sometimes may involve emerging technologies such as deep-fakes. Senior-level executives are increasingly becoming the targets of such attacks. Fraudulent schemes to solicit information via call centers and interactive voice response systems are becoming more prevalent. 
 Cyber-attacks involving the encryption and/or threat to disclose personal or confidential information (i.e., ransomware) or disruptions of communications (i.e., denial of service) for the purposes of extortion or other motives persist and are on the rise. 
 Financial services companies and their third-party service providers (including their downstream service providers) are increasingly being targeted by hackers and fraudulent actors seeking to monetize personal or confidential information to extort money, or for other malicious purposes. Such campaigns have targeted online applications and services. 
 Nation-state sponsored or affiliated organizations are engaged in cyber-attacks, not only for monetization purposes, but also to gain information about foreign citizens and governments, or to influence or cause disruptions in commerce or political affairs. In light of recent geopolitical events, including Russia s invasion of Ukraine, state-sponsored or affiliated parties and/or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, and/or result in the compromise of our systems or data. 
 Increasingly, malicious actors can be in companies systems for an extended period of time before being detected. It could take considerable additional time for us to determine the scope of compromise, and the extent, amount, and type of information compromised, if any, and to fully remediate and recover. 
 We rely on third parties to provide services, as described further below. While we have certain standards for all vendors that provide us services, our vendors, and in turn, their own service providers, may become subject to a security breach, including as a result of their failure to perform in accordance with their contractual obligations. 
 Hardware, software or applications developed by, obtained from, or implemented in accordance with specifications provided by third parties may contain vulnerabilities in design, maintenance or manufacturing that could be exploited to compromise the Company s information security. 
 Continuing use of remote or flexible work arrangements, including remote access tools and mobile technology (including use of personal devices), have expanded potential attack surfaces. 
 The proliferation of third-party financial data aggregators and emerging technologies, including the development and use of artificial intelligence AI ), increase our information security risks and exposure. 
 We, or third-parties on whom we rely, may not adequately ensure the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of personal and confidential information. In the course of our ordinary business, we collect, store and disclose to various third-parties (e.g., service providers, reinsurers, etc.) substantial amounts of personal and confidential information, including in some instances sensitive personal information, including health-related information. We are subject to the risk that the integrity, confidentiality, or availability of this information may be compromised, including as a result of an information security breach described above, or that such events occurring at third-parties may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. We have experienced cybersecurity events resulting in the compromise of personal and confidential information, including sensitive health information, of our customers and other stakeholders. See Business Regulation Privacy and Cybersecurity Regulation for a discussion of the applicable laws and regulations (including those requiring notice, disclosure or remediation) relating to cybersecurity events. 
 
 We may incur significant costs and other negative consequences resulting from cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. Any compromise or perceived compromise of the security of our systems or data or that of one of our vendors could damage our reputation, cause the deterioration or termination of relationships with among others, customers, distributors, government-run health insurance exchanges, marketing partners and insurance carriers, reduce demand for our services, result in the loss of business opportunities, and subject us to significant liability and expense as well as regulatory action and lawsuits, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We may also incur significant costs in connection with our response, recovery, remediation, and compliance efforts. Additionally, our failure to timely or accurately communicate cyber incidents to relevant parties could result in regulatory, privacy, operational and reputational risk. To the extent we maintain cyber insurance, liabilities or losses arising from certain cyber incidents may not be covered or fully covered under such policies, and the amount of insurance may not be adequate. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Third parties (outsourcing providers, vendors and suppliers and joint venture partners) present added operational risk to our enterprise. The Company's business model relies heavily on the use of third parties to deliver contracted services in a broad range of areas. This presents the risk that the Company is unable to meet legal, regulatory, financial or customer obligations because third parties fail to deliver contracted services, or that the Company is exposed to reputational damage because third parties operate in a poorly controlled manner. We use affiliates and third-party vendors located outside the U.S. to provide certain services and functions, which also exposes us to business disruptions and political risks as a result of risks inherent in conducting business outside of the United States. In our investments in which we hold a minority interest, or that are managed by third parties, we lack management and operational control over operations, which may subject us to additional operational, compliance and legal risks and prevent us from taking or causing to be taken actions to protect or increase the value of those investments. In those jurisdictions where we are constrained by law from owning a majority interest in jointly owned operations, our remedies in the event of a breach by a joint venture partner may be limited (e.g., we may have no ability to exercise a call option). 
 Affiliate and third-party distributors of our products present added regulatory, competitive and other risks to our enterprise. Our products are sold primarily through our captive/affiliated distributors and third-party distributing firms. Our captive/affiliated distributors are made up of large numbers of decentralized sales personnel who are compensated based on commissions. The third-party distributing firms generally are not dedicated to us exclusively and may frequently recommend and/or market products of our competitors. Accordingly, we must compete intensely for their services. Our sales could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract, retain or motivate third-party distributing firms or if we do not adequately provide support, training, compensation, and education to this sales network regarding our products, or if our products are not competitive and not appropriately aligned with consumer needs. While third-party distributing firms have an independent regulatory accountability, some regulators have been clear with expectations that product manufacturers retain significant sales practices accountability. 
 
 The Company and our distributors are subject to rules regarding the standard of care applicable to sales of our products and the provision of advice to our customers, and in recent years many of these rules have been revised or re-examined. In addition, there have been a number of investigations regarding the marketing practices of brokers and agents selling annuity and insurance products and the payments they receive. Furthermore, sales practices and investor protection have increasingly become areas of focus in regulatory examinations. These investigations and examinations have resulted in enforcement actions against us and companies in our industry and brokers and agents marketing and selling those companies products. Enforcement actions could result in penalties and the imposition of corrective action plans and/or changes to industry practices, which could adversely affect our ability to market our products. If our products are distributed in an inappropriate manner, or to customers for whom they are unsuitable, or distributors of our products otherwise engage in misconduct, we may suffer reputational and other harm to our business and be subject to regulatory action, penalties or damages. Our business may also be harmed if captive/affiliate distributors engage in inappropriate conduct in connection with the sale of third-party products. 
 
 Additionally, certain of our affiliated distributors engage in direct marketing to consumers through telemarketing, email marketing and other lead generation activities that subject us to various state and federal laws and regulations, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act. Violations of these regulations could subject our affiliated distributors to litigation and regulatory inquiries that result in penalties or damages. 
 
 Many of our distribution personnel are independent contractors or franchisees. From time to time, their status has been challenged in courts and by government agencies, and various legislative or regulatory proposals have been introduced addressing the criteria for determining the status of independent contractors classification as employees for, among other things, employment tax purposes or other employment benefits. The costs associated with potential changes with respect to these independent contractor and franchisee classifications have impacted our results previously and could have a material adverse effect on our business in the future. 
 
 See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding litigation and regulatory matters relating to the distribution of products. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Although we distribute our products through a wide variety of distribution channels, we do maintain relationships with certain key distributors. We periodically negotiate the terms of these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us or such third parties. An interruption in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Distributors may elect to reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us, including for such reasons as adverse developments in our business, competitiveness of product offerings, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. We are also at risk that key distribution partners may merge, change their business models in ways that affect how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, or that new distribution channels could emerge and adversely impact the effectiveness of our distribution efforts. An increase in bank and broker-dealer consolidation activity could increase competition for access to distributors, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market products through these channels. Consolidation of distributors and/or other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to terms less favorable to us. Finally, we also may be challenged by new technologies and marketplace entrants that could interfere with our existing relationships. 
 As a financial services company, we are exposed to model risk, which is the risk of financial loss or reputational damage or adverse regulatory impacts caused by model errors or limitations, incorrect implementation of models, or misuse of or overreliance upon models. Models are utilized by our businesses and corporate areas primarily to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. These models may not operate properly and may rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. As our businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models we utilize expands, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions. Furthermore, model risk will be elevated during periods of transformation or due to new or changing laws or regulations (e.g., Accounting Standards Update ASU 2018-12, Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts). 
 Strategic Risk 
 We are subject to the risk of events that can cause our fundamental business model to change, either through a shift in the businesses in which we are engaged or a change in our execution. In addition, other risks may become strategic risks. For example, we have considered and must continue to consider the impact of the interest rate environment on new product development and continued sales of interest sensitive products. 
 Changes in the regulatory landscape may be unsettling to our business model. New laws and regulations are being considered in the U.S. and our other countries of operation at an increasing pace, as there has been greater scrutiny on financial regulation over the past several years. Proposed or unforeseen changes in law or regulation, or changes in the way existing laws or regulations are enforced, may adversely impact our business. See Business Regulation for a discussion of certain recently enacted and pending proposals by international, federal and state regulatory authorities and their potential impact on our business, including in the following areas: 
 Financial sector regulatory reform. 
 U.S. federal, state and local tax laws, including CAMT. 
 Fiduciary rules and other standards of care. 
 Our regulation under U.S. state insurance laws and developments regarding group-wide supervision and capital standards, accounting rules, RBC factors for invested assets and reserves for life insurance, variable annuities and other products. 
 Privacy, big data, AI and cybersecurity regulation. 
 Changes in accounting rules applicable to our business may also have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. For a discussion of accounting pronouncements and their potential impact on our business, including ASU 2018-12, Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Changes in technology and other external factors may be unsettling to our business model. We believe the following aspects of technological and other changes would significantly impact our business model. There may be other unforeseen changes in technology and the external environment, including the regulatory response to technological change, which may have a significant impact on our business model. 
 Interaction with Customers. Technology is moving rapidly and as it does, it puts pressure on existing business models. Some of the changes we can anticipate are increased choices about how customers want to interact with the Company or how they want the Company to interact with them. Evolving customer preferences and changing privacy regulations may drive a need to redesign products and change the way we interact with customers. Our distribution channels may change to become more automated, at the place and time of the customer s choosing. Such changes clearly have the potential to disrupt our business model. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Portfolio . Technology may have a significant impact on the companies in which the Company invests. For example, environmental concerns spur scientific inquiry which may reposition the relative attractiveness of wind or sun power over oil and gas. The transportation industry may favor alternative modes of conveyance of goods which may shift trucking or air transport out of favor. Consumers may change their purchasing behavior to favor online activity which would change the role of malls and retail properties. 
 Medical Advances . The Company is exposed to the impact of medical advances in two major ways. Genetic testing and the availability of that information unequally to consumers and insurers can bring anti-selection risks. Specifically, data from genetic testing can give our prospective customers a clearer view into their future, allowing them to select products protecting them against likelihoods of mortality or longevity with more precision. Also, technologies that extend lives will challenge our actuarial assumptions especially in the annuity-based businesses. 
 The following items are examples of other factors which could have a meaningful impact on our business. 
 A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could potentially, among other things, adversely impact our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity . For a discussion of our ratings and the potential impact of a ratings downgrade on our business, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Capital. We cannot predict what additional actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. Our ratings could be downgraded at any time and without notice by any rating agency. Credit rating agencies continually review their methodologies, including capital and earnings assessment models, as well as their ratings for the companies that they follow, including us. The credit rating agencies also evaluate the industry as a whole and may change our credit rating based on their overall view of our industry. In addition, a sovereign downgrade could result in a downgrade of Prudential Financial's subsidiaries operating in that jurisdiction, and ultimately of Prudential Financial and its other subsidiaries. 
 The changing competitive landscape may adversely affect the Company. In our business we face intense competition from insurance companies and diversified financial institutions, both for the ultimate customers for our products and, in many businesses, for distribution through non-affiliated distribution channels. Technological advances, changing customer expectations, including related to digital offerings, access to customer data or other changes in the marketplace may present opportunities for new or smaller companies without established products or distribution channels to meet consumers increased expectations more efficiently than us. Fintech and insurtech companies and companies in other industries with greater access to customers and data have the potential to disrupt industries globally, and many participants have been partially funded by industry players. 
 Climate change may increase the severity and frequency of calamities, or adversely affect our investment portfolio or investor sentiment. Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of weather-related disasters and pandemics. In addition, climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities we hold, or our willingness to continue to hold their securities. It may also impact other counterparties, including reinsurers, and affect the value of investments. We cannot predict the long-term impacts on us from climate change or related regulation. Climate change may also influence investor sentiment with respect to the Company and investments in our portfolio. 
 We may fail to meet expectations relating to environmental, social, and governance standards and practices. Certain existing or potential investors, customers and regulators evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of environmental, social and governance ESG standards and expectations. Certain of our regulators have proposed or adopted, or may propose or adopt, ESG rules or standards that would apply to our business. Our practices may be judged by ESG standards that are continually evolving and not always clear. Prevailing ESG standards and expectations may also reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. We may fail to meet our commitments or targets, and our policies and processes to evaluate and manage ESG standards in coordination with other business priorities may not be completely effective or satisfy investors, customers, regulators, or others. We may face adverse regulatory, investor, customer, media, or public scrutiny leading to business, reputational, or legal challenges. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Market conditions and other factors may adversely impact product sales or increase expenses. Examples include: 
 A change in market conditions, such as higher inflation and higher interest rates, like we started to see in 2022, could cause a change in consumer sentiment and behavior adversely affecting sales and persistency of our savings and protection products. Conversely, low inflation and low interest rates could cause persistency of these products to vary from that anticipated and adversely affect profitability. Similarly, changing economic conditions and unfavorable public perception of financial institutions can influence customer behavior, including increasing claims or surrenders in certain products. 
 Lapses and surrenders of certain insurance products may increase if a market downturn, increased market volatility or other market conditions result in customers becoming dissatisfied with their investments or products. 
 Geopolitical risk, rapidly rising interest rates and significant equity market declines, as we have seen since the first half of 2022, among other factors, adversely impact our liquidity and capital positions, cash flows, results of operations, and financial position. For additional information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Overview - Current Market Conditions. 
 
 Our reputation may be adversely impacted if any of the risks described in this section are realized. Reputational risk could manifest from any of the risks as identified in the Company s risk identification process. Failure to effectively manage risks across a broad range of risk issues exposes the Company to reputational harm. If the Company were to suffer a significant loss in reputation, both policyholders and counterparties could seek to exit existing relationships. Additionally, large changes in credit worthiness, especially credit ratings, could impact access to funding markets while creating additional collateral requirements for existing relationships. The mismanagement of any such risks may potentially damage our reputational asset. Our business is anchored in the strength of our brand, our alignment to our values, and our proven commitment to keep our promises to our customers. Any negative public perception, founded or otherwise, can be widely and rapidly shared over social media or other means, and could cause damage to our reputation. 
 
 Risks related to COVID-19 could reemerge. Beginning with its emergence in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic increased or caused the manifestation of many of the risks discussed above, including, among others: the risk of loss on our investments, the risk of elevated mortality or morbidity, and the risk of market disruptions and volatility. The consequences of COVID-19 to the Company have included volatility in our investment portfolio during 2020, and a significant net negative impact on our underwriting results in 2021 and 2022. We have discussed these impacts, and others, in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in each of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed since the first quarter of 2020. On the basis of what we currently understand about the impact of COVID-19, we believe the risks it poses to our business will remain manageable but the risks relating to COVID-19 could reemerge if the course of the pandemic deviates from our current expectations and could also manifest in the event of future pandemics, epidemics or other public health crises. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Office space is provided by Prudential Insurance, as described under Expense Charges and Allocations in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Litigation and Regulatory Matters for a description of certain pending litigation and regulatory matters affecting us, and certain risks to our business presented by such matters. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Insurance. There is no public market for the Company s common stock. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Part II. Item 6 is no longer required pursuant to certain amendments to Regulation S-K that eliminated Item 301. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the "Forward-Looking Statements" included below the Table of Contents, Risk Factors , and the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 The Company sells variable annuities, universal life insurance, variable life insurance and term life insurance primarily through affiliated and unaffiliated distributors in the United States. As of December 31, 2020, the Company discontinued the sales of traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefit riders. 
 Effective April 1, 2022, Prudential Financial completed the sale of Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation PALAC to Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC Fortitude ). As such, PALAC is no longer an affiliate of Prudential Financial or the Company. Fortitude subsequently renamed the company Fortitude Life Insurance Annuity Company FLIAC ). 
 Effective July 1, 2021, the Company recaptured the risks related to its variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees, that had previously been reinsured to PALAC from April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2021, subsequently renamed FLIAC. The recapture does not impact Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey PLNJ ), which will continue to reinsure its new and in force business to The Prudential Insurance Company of America Prudential Insurance ). The product risks related to the previously reinsured business that were being managed in PALAC, were transferred to the Company. In addition, the living benefit hedging program related to the previously reinsured living benefit riders are being managed within the Company. This transaction is referred to as the "2021 Variable Annuities Recapture". For more information on this transition, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Effective December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with FLIAC (previously named PALAC) under which the Company assumed all of its variable and fixed indexed annuities and fixed annuities with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal income feature from FLIAC. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 Annually during the second quarter of each year, we perform a comprehensive review of actuarial assumptions. As part of this review, we may update these assumptions and make refinements to our models based upon emerging experience, future expectations and other data, including any observable market data. For additional information, see Accounting Policies Pronouncements Application of Critical Accounting Estimates below. 
 COVID-19 
 Since the first quarter of 2020, the novel coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic has caused extreme stress and disruption in the global economy and financial markets and elevated mortality and morbidity for the global population. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our results of operations in the current period and could continue to impact our results of operations in future periods. 
 
 Throughout the pandemic, COVID-19 had a significant net negative impact on our underwriting results, reflecting unfavorable mortality and morbidity impacts in our businesses. Beginning with the third quarter of 2022, the Company has embedded COVID-19 considerations within its best estimate assumptions of future expected mortality impacts for its applicable businesses. The ultimate impact on our underwriting results, however, will continue to depend on various factors including: an insured's age; geographic concentration; insured versus uninsured populations among the fatalities; the transmissibility and virulence of the virus, including the potential for further mutation; and the ongoing acceptance and efficacy of the vaccines and other therapeutics. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues and Expenses 
 The Company earns revenues principally from insurance premiums, mortality and expense fees, asset administration fees from insurance and investment products, and from net investment income on the investment of general account and other funds. The Company receives premiums primarily from the sale of individual life insurance and annuity products. The Company earns mortality and expense fees, and asset administration fees, primarily from the sale and servicing of universal life insurance and separate account products including variable life insurance and variable annuities. The Company s operating expenses principally consist of insurance benefits provided and reserves established for anticipated future insurance benefits, general business expenses, reinsurance premiums, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing the various products sold and interest credited on general account liabilities. 
 Industry Trends 
 Our business is impacted by financial markets, economic conditions, regulatory oversight, and a variety of trends that affect the industries where we compete. 
 Financial and Economic Environment. Interest rates in the U.S. have experienced a sustained period of historically low levels, followed by a sharp rise in 2022. We expect that a continued level of higher interest rates will benefit our results over time. We continue to monitor current market conditions and the impact to our business from slowing or negative economic growth. In addition, we are subject to financial impacts associated with movements in equity markets and the evolution of the credit cycle as discussed in Risk Factors . 
 Demographics. Customer demographics continue to evolve and new opportunities present themselves in different consumer segments such as the millennial and multicultural markets. Consumer expectations and preferences are changing. We believe existing and potential customers are increasingly looking for cost-effective solutions that they can easily understand and access through technology-enabled devices. At the same time, income protection, wealth accumulation and the needs of retiring baby boomers are continuing to shape the insurance industry. A persistent retirement security gap exists in terms of both savings and protection. Despite the ongoing phenomenon of the risk and responsibility of retirement savings shifting from employers to employees, employers are becoming increasingly focused on the financial wellness of their employees. 
 Regulatory Environment. See Business Regulation for a discussion of regulatory developments that may impact the Company and the associated risks. 
 Competitive Environment . See Business for a discussion of the competitive environment and the basis on which we compete. 
 Current Market Conditions 
 Geopolitical risk, rapidly rising interest rates and significant equity market declines, as we saw throughout 2022, among other factors, adversely impact our liquidity and capital positions, cash flows, results of operations, and financial position. Our statutory capital will also be negatively affected by increased reserve requirements due to our annual update of actuarial assumptions and other refinements, particularly in our individual life business, and will be negatively affected by asymmetrical and non-economic statutory accounting impacts from rising rates. As we navigate through the current environment, we may take actions consistent with our risk and capital frameworks, as necessary, to preserve our liquidity and capital positions. For additional information on how these conditions may also impact our income taxes, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment 
 As a global financial services company, market interest rates are a key driver of our liquidity and capital positions, cash flows, results of operations and financial position. Changes in interest rates can affect these in several ways, including favorable or adverse impacts to: 
 investment-related activity, including: investment income returns, net investment spread results, 
 new money rates, mortgage loan prepayments and bond redemptions; 
 the valuation of fixed income investments and derivative instruments; 
 collateral posting requirements, hedging costs and other risk mitigation activities; 
 customer account values and assets under management, including their impacts on fee-related income; 
 insurance reserve levels, market experience true-ups and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs DAC 
 policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity; and 
 product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix. 
 See Current Market Conditions above, for how rapidly rising interest rates, among other factors, adversely impact the Company s financial results. For additional information regarding interest rate risks, see "Risk Factors Market Risk". 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting Policies Pronouncements 
 Application of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. Management, on an ongoing basis, reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements. If management determines that modifications to assumptions and estimates are appropriate given current facts and circumstances, the Company s results of operations and financial position as reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements could change significantly. 
 The following sections discuss the accounting policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. 
 Insurance Assets 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs and Deferred Sales Inducements 
 We capitalize costs that are directly related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance and annuity contracts. These costs primarily include commissions, as well as costs of policy issuance and underwriting and certain other expenses that are directly related to successfully negotiated contracts. We have also deferred costs associated with sales inducements offered in the past related to variable and fixed annuity contracts. Sales inducements are amounts that are credited to the policyholders account balances mainly as an incentive to purchase the contract. For additional information about sales inducements, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We generally amortize DAC and deferred sales inducements ("DSI") over the expected lives of the contracts, based on our estimates of the level and timing of gross premiums or gross profits, depending on the type of contract. As described in more detail below, in calculating DAC and DSI amortization we are required to make assumptions about investment returns, mortality, persistency and other items that impact our estimates of the level and timing of gross premiums or gross profits. We also periodically evaluate the recoverability of our DAC and DSI. For certain contracts, this evaluation is performed as part of our premium deficiency testing, as discussed further below in Insurance Liabilities Future Policy Benefits . As of December 31, 2022, DAC and DSI were 6.6 billion and 0.3 billion, respectively. 
 Amortization methodologies 
 Gross Premiums. DAC associated with term life policies is primarily amortized in proportion to gross premiums. Gross premiums are defined as the premiums charged to a policyholder for an insurance contract. 
 Gross Profits. DAC and DSI associated with the variable and universal life policies and the variable and fixed annuity contracts are generally amortized over the expected lives of these policies in proportion to total gross profits. Total gross profits include both actual gross profits and estimates of gross profits for future periods. Gross profits are defined as (i) amounts assessed for mortality, contract administration, surrender charges, and other assessments plus amounts earned from investment of policyholder balances less (ii) benefits in excess of policyholder balances, costs incurred for contract administration, the net cost of reinsurance for certain products, interest credited to policyholder balances and other credits. If significant negative gross profits are expected in any periods, the amount of insurance in force is generally substituted as the base for computing amortization. U.S. GAAP gross profits and amortization rates also include the impacts of the embedded derivatives associated with certain of the optional living benefit features of our variable annuity contracts, and index-linked crediting features of certain universal life and annuity contracts and related hedging activities. In calculating amortization expense, we estimate the amounts of gross profits that will be included in our U.S. GAAP results and utilize these estimates to calculate distinct amortization rates and expense amounts. In addition, in calculating gross profits, we include the profits and losses related to contracts issued by the Company that are reported in affiliated legal entities other than the Company as a result of, for example, reinsurance agreements with those affiliated entities. The Company is an indirect subsidiary of Prudential Financial (an SEC registrant) and has extensive transactions and relationships with other subsidiaries of Prudential Financial, including reinsurance agreements, as discussed in Note 9 and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Incorporating all product-related profits and losses in gross profits, including those that are reported in affiliated legal entities, produces an amortization pattern representative of the total economics of the products. For a further discussion of the amortization of DAC and DSI, see Results of Operations . 
 We also regularly evaluate and adjust the related DAC and DSI balances with a corresponding charge or credit to current period earnings for the impact of actual gross profits and changes in our projections of estimated future gross profits on our DAC and DSI amortization rates. Adjustments to the DAC and DSI balances include the impact to our estimate of total gross profits of the annual review of assumptions, our quarterly adjustments for current period experience and our quarterly adjustments for market performance. Each of these adjustments is further discussed below in Annual assumptions review and quarterly adjustments. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Annual assumptions review and quarterly adjustments 
 We perform an annual comprehensive review of the assumptions used in estimating gross profits for future periods. Over the last several years, the Company s most significant assumption updates that have resulted in a change to expected future gross profits and the amortization of DAC and DSI have been related to lapse and other contractholder behavior assumptions, mortality, and revisions to expected future rates of returns on investments. These assumptions may also cause potential significant variability in amortization expense in the future. The impact on our results of operations of changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. 
 The quarterly adjustments for current period experience referred to above reflect the impact of differences between actual gross profits for a given period and the previously estimated expected gross profits for that period. To the extent each period s actual experience differs from the previous estimate for that period, the assumed level of total gross profits may change. In these cases, we recognize a cumulative adjustment to all previous periods amortization, also referred to as an experience true-up adjustment. 
 The quarterly adjustments for market performance referred to above reflect the impact of changes to our estimate of total gross profits to reflect actual fund performance and market conditions. A significant portion of gross profits for our variable annuity contracts and, to a lesser degree, our variable life contracts are dependent upon the total rate of return on assets held in separate account investment options. This rate of return influences the fees we earn on variable annuity and variable life contracts, costs we incur associated with the guaranteed minimum death and guaranteed minimum income benefit features related to our variable annuity contracts and expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts, as well as other sources of profit. Returns that are higher than our expectations for a given period produce higher than expected account balances, which increase the future fees we expect to earn on variable annuity and variable life contracts and decrease the future costs we expect to incur associated with the guaranteed minimum death and guaranteed minimum income benefit features related to our variable annuity contracts, as well as expected claims to be paid on variable life contracts. The opposite occurs when returns are lower than our expectations. The changes in future expected gross profits are used to recognize a cumulative adjustment to all prior periods amortization. 
 The weighted average rate of return assumptions used in developing estimated market returns consider many factors specific to each product type, including asset durations, asset allocations and other factors. With regard to equity market assumptions, the near-term future rate of return assumption used in evaluating DAC, DSI and liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, primarily our domestic variable annuity and variable life insurance products is generally updated each quarter and is derived using a reversion to the mean approach, a common industry practice. Under this approach, we consider historical equity returns and adjust projected equity returns over an initial future period of five years (the near-term so that equity returns converge to the long-term expected rate of return. If the near-term projected future rate of return is greater than our near-term maximum future rate of return of 15.0 , we use our maximum future rate of return. If the near-term projected future rate of return is lower than our near-term minimum future rate of return of 0 , we use our minimum future rate of return. As of December 31, 2022, our variable annuities and variable life insurance businesses assume an 8.0 long-term equity expected rate of return and a 6.9 near-term mean reversion equity expected rate of return. 
 With regard to interest rate assumptions used in evaluating DAC, DSI and liabilities for future policy benefits for certain of our products, we generally update the long-term and near-term future rates used to project fixed income returns annually and quarterly, respectively. As a result of our 2022 annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, we kept our long-term expectation of the 10-year U.S. Treasury rate unchanged and continue to grade to a rate of 3.25 over ten years. As part of our quarterly market experience updates, we update our near-term projections of interest rates to reflect changes in current rates. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Insurance Liabilities 
 Future Policy Benefits 
 Future Policy Benefit Reserves, including Unpaid Claims and Claim Adjustment Expenses 
 We establish reserves for future policy benefits to, or on behalf of, policyholders, using methodologies prescribed by U.S. GAAP. The reserving methodologies used include the following: 
 For some long-duration contracts, we utilize a net premium valuation methodology in measuring the liability for future policy benefits. Under this methodology, a liability for future policy benefits is accrued when premium revenue is recognized. The liability, which represents the present value of future benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums (portion of the gross premium required to provide for all benefits and expenses), is estimated using methods that include assumptions applicable at the time the insurance contracts are made with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. Original assumptions continue to be used in subsequent accounting periods to determine changes in the liability for future policy benefits (often referred to as the lock-in concept ), unless a premium deficiency exists. The result of the net premium valuation methodology is that the liability at any point in time represents an accumulation of the portion of premiums received to date expected to be needed to fund future benefits (i.e., net premiums received to date), less any benefits and expenses already paid. The liability does not necessarily reflect the full policyholder obligation the Company expects to pay at the conclusion of the contract since a portion of that obligation would be funded by net premiums received in the future and would be recognized in the liability at that time. We perform premium deficiency tests using best estimate assumptions as of the testing date without provisions for adverse deviation. If the liabilities determined based on these best estimate assumptions are greater than the net reserves (i.e., GAAP reserves net of any DAC or DSI asset), the existing net reserves are first adjusted by reducing these assets by the amount of the deficiency or to zero through a charge to current period earnings. If the deficiency is more than these asset balances for insurance contracts, we then increase the net reserves by the excess, again through a charge to current period earnings. If a premium deficiency is recognized, the assumptions as of the premium deficiency test date are locked-in and used in subsequent valuations and the net reserves continue to be subject to premium deficiency testing. In addition, for limited-payment contracts, future policy benefit reserves also include a deferred profit liability representing gross premiums received in excess of net premiums. The deferred profits are generally recognized in revenue in a constant relationship with insurance in force or with the amount of expected future benefit payments. 
 For certain contract features, such as those related to guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDB ), guaranteed minimum income benefits GMIB and no-lapse guarantees, a liability is established when associated assessments (which include policy charges for administration, mortality, expense, surrender, and other, regardless of how characterized) are recognized. This liability is established using current best estimate assumptions and is based on the ratio of the present value of total expected excess payments (e.g., payments in excess of account value) over the life of the contract divided by the present value of total expected assessments (i.e., benefit ratio). The liability equals the current benefit ratio multiplied by cumulative assessments recognized to date, plus interest, less cumulative excess payments to date. The result of the benefit ratio method is that the liability at any point in time represents an accumulation of the portion of assessments received to date expected to be needed to fund future excess payments, less any excess payments already paid. The liability does not necessarily reflect the full policyholder obligation the Company expects to pay at the conclusion of the contract since a portion of that excess payment would be funded by assessments received in the future and would be recognized in the liability at that time. Similar to as described above for DAC, the reserves are subject to adjustments based on annual reviews of assumptions and quarterly adjustments for experience, including market performance. These adjustments reflect the impact on the benefit ratio of using actual historical experience from the issuance date to the balance sheet date plus updated estimates of future experience. The updated benefit ratio is then applied to all prior periods assessments to derive an adjustment to the reserve recognized through a benefit or charge to current period earnings. 
 For certain product guarantees, primarily certain optional living benefit features of the variable annuity products including guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits GMAB ), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits GMWB and guaranteed minimum income and withdrawal benefits GMIWB ), the benefits are accounted for as embedded derivatives using a fair value accounting framework. The fair value of these contracts is calculated as the present value of expected future benefit payments to contractholders less the present value of assessed rider fees attributable to the embedded derivative feature. Under U.S. GAAP, the fair values of these benefit features are based on assumptions a market participant would use in valuing these embedded derivatives. Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives are recorded quarterly through a benefit or charge to current period earnings. For additional information regarding the valuation of these embedded derivatives, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The assumptions used in establishing reserves are generally based on the Company s experience, industry experience and/or other factors, as applicable. We update our actuarial assumptions, such as mortality and policyholder behavior assumptions annually, unless a material change is observed in an interim period that we feel is indicative of a long-term trend. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short-term and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long-term. 
 The following paragraphs provide additional details about the reserves we have established: 
 The reserves for future policy benefits of our individual annuity business relate to reserves for the GMDB and GMIB features of our variable annuities, and for the optional living benefit features that are accounted for as embedded derivatives. As discussed above, in establishing reserves for GMDBs and GMIBs, we utilize current best estimate assumptions. The primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves generally include annuitization, lapse, withdrawal and mortality assumptions, as well as interest rate and equity market return assumptions. Lapse rates are adjusted at the contract level based on the in-the-moneyness of the benefit and reflect other factors, such as the applicability of any surrender charges. Lapse rates are reduced when contracts are more in-the-money. Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower for the period where surrender charges apply. For life contingent payout annuity contracts, we establish reserves using best estimate assumptions with provisions for adverse deviations as of inception or best estimate assumptions as of the most recent loss recognition date. 
 The reserves for certain optional living benefit features, including GMAB, GMWB and GMIWB are accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value, as described above. This methodology could result in either a liability or contra-liability balance, given changing capital market conditions and various actuarial assumptions. Since there is no observable active market for the transfer of these obligations, the valuations are calculated using internally-developed models with option pricing techniques. The models are based on a risk neutral valuation framework and incorporate premiums for risks inherent in valuation techniques, inputs, and the general uncertainty around the timing and amount of future cash flows. The significant inputs to the valuation models for these embedded derivatives include capital market assumptions, such as interest rate levels and volatility assumptions, the Company s market-perceived risk of its own non-performance risk NPR ), as well as actuarially determined assumptions, including mortality rates and contractholder behavior, such as lapse rates, benefit utilization rates and withdrawal rates. Capital market inputs and actual contractholders account values are updated each quarter based on capital market conditions as of the end of the quarter, including interest rates, equity markets and volatility. In the risk neutral valuation, the initial swap curve drives the total returns used to grow the contractholders account values. Through the first quarter of 2022, the Company s discount rate assumption was based on the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR swap curve adjusted for an additional spread, which included an estimate of NPR. As of the second quarter of 2022, the Company's discount rate assumption substituted the Secured Overnight Financial Rate ("SOFR") for LIBOR as part of the annual assumptions update. The discount rate assumption continues to use an additional spread which includes an estimate of NPR. Actuarial assumptions, including contractholder behavior and mortality, are reviewed at least annually and updated based upon emerging experience, future expectations and other data, including any observable market data, such as available industry studies or market transactions such as acquisitions and reinsurance transactions. For additional information regarding the valuation of these optional living benefit features, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The reserves for future policy benefits of our individual life business relate to term life, universal life and variable life products. For term life contracts, the future policy benefit reserves are generally calculated using the net premium valuation methodology, as described above. The primary assumptions used in determining expected future benefits and expenses include mortality, lapse, investment yield and maintenance expense assumptions. For variable and universal life products, which include universal life contracts that contain no-lapse guarantees, reserves for future policy benefits are primarily established using the reserving methodology for GMDB and GMIB contracts. As discussed above, in establishing reserves for GMDBs and GMIBs, we utilize current best estimate assumptions. The primary assumptions used in establishing these reserves generally include mortality, lapse, and premium pattern, as well as interest rate and equity market return assumptions. Reserves also include claims reported but not yet paid, and claims incurred but not yet reported. 
 Policyholders Account Balances 
 The policyholders account balances liability represents the contract value that has accrued to the benefit of the policyholder as of the balance sheet date. This liability is primarily associated with the accumulated account deposits, plus interest credited, less policyholder withdrawals and other charges assessed against the account balance, as applicable. The liability also includes provisions for benefits under non-life contingent payout annuities. Our unearned revenue reserve ("URR") is also reported as a component of Policyholders' account balances and had a balance of 2,893 million as of December 31, 2022. This reserve primarily relates to the variable and universal life products and represents policy charges for services to be provided in future periods. The charges are deferred as unearned revenue and are generally amortized over the expected life of the contract in proportion to the product's estimated gross profits, similar to DAC and DSI as discussed above. Policyholders account balances also include amounts representing the fair value of embedded derivative instruments associated with the index-linked features of certain universal life and annuity products. For additional information regarding the valuation of these embedded derivatives, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Sensitivities for Insurance Assets and Liabilities 
 The following table summarizes the impact that could result on each of the listed financial statement balances from changes in certain key assumptions. The information below is for illustrative purposes and includes only the hypothetical direct impact on December 31, 2022 balances of changes in a single assumption and not changes in any combination of assumptions. Additionally, the illustration of the insurance assumption impacts below reflects a parallel shift in the insurance assumptions; however, these may be non-parallel in practice. Changes in current assumptions could result in impacts to financial statement balances that are in excess of the amounts illustrated. A description of the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of each of these financial statement balances is provided above. For traditional long-duration and limited-payment contracts, U.S. GAAP requires the original assumptions used when the contracts are issued to be locked-in and that those assumptions be used in all future liability calculations as long as the resulting liabilities are adequate to provide for the future benefits and expenses (i.e., there is no premium deficiency). Therefore, these products are not reflected in the sensitivity table below unless the hypothetical change in assumption would result in an adverse impact that would cause a premium deficiency. Similarly, the impact of any favorable hypothetical change in assumptions for traditional long duration and limited-payment contracts is not reflected in the table below given that the current assumption is required to remain locked-in and instead the positive impacts would be recognized into net income over the life of the policies in force. 
 The impacts presented within this table exclude the related impacts of our asset liability management strategy which seeks to offset the changes in certain of the balances presented within this table and is primarily composed of investments and derivatives. See further below for a discussion of the estimates and assumptions involved with the application of U.S. GAAP accounting policies for these instruments and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for hypothetical impacts on related balances as a result of changes in certain significant assumptions. 
 December 31, 2022 Increase (Decrease) in Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Reinsurance Recoverables Future Policy Benefits and Policyholders Account Balances Net Impact (in millions) Hypothetical change in current assumptions: Long-term interest rate: Increase by 25 basis points 5 (55) (45) (5) Decrease by 25 basis points (5) 60 50 5 Long-term equity expected rate of return: Increase by 50 basis points 100 (40) (25) 85 Decrease by 50 basis points (70) 35 10 (45) NPR credit spread: Increase by 50 basis points (180) (60) (915) 675 Decrease by 50 basis points 200 50 995 (745) Mortality: Increase by 1 (15) 5 (85) 75 Decrease by 1 15 (5) 85 (75) Lapse: Increase by 10 (60) (130) (420) 230 Decrease by 10 60 135 430 (235) 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of Investments, Including Derivatives, Measurement of Allowance for Credit Loss, and the Recognition of Other-than-Temporary Impairments 
 Our investment portfolio consists of public and private fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans, equity securities, other invested assets and derivative financial instruments. Derivatives are financial instruments whose values are derived from interest rates, foreign exchange rates, financial indices or the values of securities. Derivative financial instruments that are generally used include swaps, futures, forwards and options and may be exchange-traded or contracted in the over-the-counter OTC market. We are also party to financial instruments that contain derivative instruments that are embedded in the financial instruments. Management believes the following accounting policies related to investments, including derivatives, are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. Each of these policies is discussed further within other relevant disclosures related to investments and derivatives, as referenced below: 
 Valuation of investments, including derivatives; 
 Measurement of the allowance for credit losses on fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale, commercial mortgage loans, and other loans; and 
 Recognition of other-than-temporary impairments ("OTTI") for equity method investments. 
 We present at fair value in the statements of financial position our debt security investments classified as available-for-sale, investments classified as trading, and certain fixed maturities, equity securities and certain investments within Other invested assets, such as derivatives. For additional information regarding the key estimates and assumptions surrounding the determination of fair value of fixed maturity and equity securities, as well as derivative instruments, embedded derivatives and other investments, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For our investments classified as available-for-sale, the impact of changes in fair value is recorded as an unrealized gain or loss in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI ), a separate component of equity. For our investments classified as trading and equity securities, the impact of changes in fair value is recorded within Other income . Our commercial mortgage and other loans are carried primarily at unpaid principal balances, net of unamortized deferred loan origination fees and expenses and unamortized premiums or discounts and a valuation allowance for losses. 
 In addition, an allowance for credit losses is measured each quarter for available-for-sale fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans. For additional information regarding our policies regarding the measurement of credit losses, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For equity method investments, the carrying value of these investments is written down or impaired to fair value when a decline in value is considered to be other-than-temporary. For additional information regarding our OTTI policies, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Taxes on Income 
 Our effective tax rate is based on income, non-taxable and non-deductible items, tax credits, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgments regarding business plans, planning opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. The Dividend Received Deduction DRD is a major reason for the difference between the Company s effective tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate. The DRD is an estimate that incorporates the prior and current year information, as well as the current year s equity market performance. Both the current estimate of the DRD and the DRD in future periods can vary based on factors such as, but not limited to, changes in the amount of dividends received that are eligible for the DRD, changes in the amount of distributions received from underlying fund investments, changes in the account balances of variable life and annuity contracts, and the Company s taxable income before the DRD. 
 An increase or decrease in our effective tax rate by one percentage point would have resulted in a decrease or increase in our 2022 "Income tax expense (benefit)" of 4 million. 
 The CARES Act. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted into law. One provision of the CARES Act amends the Tax Act of 2017 and allows companies with net operating losses NOLs originating in 2018, 2019 or 2020 to carry back those losses up to five years. For 2020, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of 70 million from carrying the 2020 NOL back to tax years that have a 35 tax rate. 
 
 Contingencies 
 A contingency is an existing condition that involves a degree of uncertainty that will ultimately be resolved upon the occurrence of future events. Under U.S. GAAP, accruals for contingencies are required to be established when the future event is probable and its impact can be reasonably estimated, such as in connection with an unresolved legal matter. The initial reserve reflects management s best estimate of the probable cost of ultimate resolution of the matter and is revised accordingly as facts and circumstances change and, ultimately, when the matter is brought to closure. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 ASU 2018-12 , Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts , was issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB on August 15, 2018,and was amended by ASU 2019-09, Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944): Effective Date, issued in October 2019, and ASU 2020-11 , Financial Services-Insurance (Topic 944): Effective Date and Early Application, issued in November 2020. The Company will adopt ASU 2018-12 effective January 1, 2023 using the modified retrospective transition method where permitted, and apply the guidance as of January 1, 2021 (and record transition adjustments as of January 1, 2021) in the 2023 financial statements. 
 
 The Company has an established governance framework to manage the implementation of the standard. The Company has substantially completed its implementation efforts including, but not limited to, implementing refinements to key accounting policy decisions, modifications to actuarial valuation models, updates to data sourcing capabilities, automation of key financial reporting and analytical processes and updates to internal control over financial reporting and disclosure. 
 
 ASU 2018-12 will impact, at least to some extent, the accounting and disclosure requirements for all long-duration insurance and investment contracts issued by the Company. The Company expects the standard to have a significant financial impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements and will significantly increase disclosures. As of the January 1, 2021 transition date, the Company estimates that the implementation of the standard will result in approximately a 700 million decrease to 100 million increase to "Total equity", largely from remeasuring in force contract liabilities using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of the transition date and from other changes in reserves. As of September 30, 2022, the Company estimates that the transition date impacts will significantly reverse, primarily as a result of increases in market interest rates from the January 1, 2021 transition date to September 30, 2022. In addition to the impacts to the balance sheet, the Company also expects an impact to the pattern of earnings emergence following the transition date. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a more detailed discussion of ASU 2018-12, as well as other accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted and newly adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Changes in Financial Position 
 2022 to 2021 Annual Comparison 
 Total assets decreased 32.4 billion from 221.7 billion at December 31, 2021 to 189.3 billion at December 31, 2022. Significant components were: 
 Separate account assets decreased 35.7 billion primarily driven by unfavorable equity performance, increase in interest rates and net outflows; and 
 Reinsurance recoverables decreased by 4.0 billion driven by 4.8 billion of assets novated from FLIAC supporting the variable index annuities contracts (see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details), partially offset by ceding a portion of the variable life business to Lotus Reinsurance Company Ltd. ("Lotus Re"). 
 Partially offset by: 
 Total investments increased 5.5 billion driven by 4.7 billion of assets novated from FLIAC supporting the variable index annuities contracts (see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details) and due to new sales of general account annuity products, partially offset by mark to market losses on investments primarily due to rising interest rates and an 0.8 billion decrease in policy loans from ceding a portion of the variable life business to Lotus Re. 
 Total liabilities decreased 30.8 billion from 215.7 billion at December 31, 2021 to 184.9 billion at December 31, 2022. Significant components were: 
 Separate account liabilities decreased 35.7 billion, corresponding to the decrease in Separate account assets, as discussed above; and 
 Future policy benefits decreased 4.7 billion driven by a decrease in reserves related to our variable annuity living benefit guarantees due to widening of the Company's market-perceived non-performance risk ("NPR") spreads and rising interest rates, partially offset by unfavorable equity market performance. 
 Partially offset by: 
 Policyholder account balances increased 6.4 billion driven by new sales of general account annuity products. 
 Total equity decreased 1.6 billion mainly due to unrealized losses on fixed maturity investments driven by rising interest rates reflected in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Income (loss) from Operations before Income Taxes 
 2022 to 2021 Annual Comparison 
 Income from operations before income taxes increased 3,318 million from a loss of 2,902 million in 2021 to income of 416 million in 2022. This includes a favorable comparative net gain of 342 million from our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements, income increased 2,976 million primarily driven by: 
 Impacts of the Variable Annuities Recapture in the prior year. See Note 1 for more details. 
 The following table provides the net impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations, which is primarily driven by the changes in the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative liability and hedge positions under the Asset Liability Management ("ALM") strategy, and the related amortization of DAC and other costs. 
 Year to Date December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions)(1) U.S. GAAP embedded derivative and hedging positions Change in value of U.S.GAAP liability, pre-NPR(2) 3,015 405 Change in the NPR adjustment 992 (204) Change in fair value of hedge assets, excluding capital hedges(3) (7,098) (1,136) Change in fair value of capital hedges(4) 545 (383) 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture 0 (4,954) Other 2,793 1,062 Realized investment gains (losses), net, and related adjustments 247 (5,210) Market experience updates(5) (134) 69 Charges related to realized investments gains (losses), net (201) (11) Net impact from changes in the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative and hedge positions, after the impact of NPR, DAC and other costs(6) (88) (5,152) 
 (1) Positive amount represents income; negative amount represents a loss. 
 (2) Represents the change in the liability (excluding NPR) for our variable annuities which is measured utilizing a valuation methodology that is required under U.S. GAAP. This liability includes such items as risk margins which are required by U.S. GAAP but not included in our best estimate of the liability. 
 (3) Represents the changes in fair value of the derivatives utilized to hedge potential claims associated with our variable annuity living benefit guarantees. 
 (4) Represents the changes in fair value of equity derivatives of the capital hedge program intended to protect a portion of the overall capital position of our business against exposure to the equity markets. 
 (5) Represents the immediate impacts in current period results from changes in current market conditions on estimates of profitability. 
 (6) Excludes amounts from the changes in unrealized gains and losses from fixed income instruments recorded in OCI (versus net income) of 185) million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 For the year ending December 31, 2022 , the loss of 88 million was primarily driven by an unfavorable impact related to the change in the fair value of hedge assets, partially offset a favorable impact related to the portions of our U.S. GAAP liability before NPR, that are excluded from hedge target, driven by rising interest rates and by a favorable impact from the NPR adjustment. 
 For the year ending December 31, 2021 the loss of 5 billion was primarily driven by the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture. See Note 1 for more details. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues, Benefits and Expenses 
 2022 to 2021 Annual Comparison 
 Revenues increased 6,096 million from a loss of 2,542 million in 2021 to a gain of 3,554 million in 2022. This includes a favorable comparative net increase of 523 million from our annual reviews and updates of assumptions and other refinements, as mentioned above. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update to our assumptions and other refinements, the increase was 5,573 million primarily driven by: 
 Revenues increased in 2022 driven by the one-time impact of the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture. See Note 1 for more details; and 
 Higher net investment income and policy charges and fee income is driven by the variable annuity recapture, partially offset by the fee paid to Prudential Insurance for the recapture of the yearly renewable term ("YRT") reinsurance for most of the Company's variable life insurance policies and by ceding a portion of the variable life business to Lotus Re. 
 Benefits and expenses increased 2,778 million from an expense of 360 million in 2021 to an expense of 3,138 million in 2022. This includes an unfavorable comparative net increase of 181 million from our annual reviews of assumptions and other refinements, as mentioned above. Excluding the impact of our annual reviews and update to our assumptions and other refinements, the increase was 2,597 million primarily driven by: 
 Higher Benefits and expenses driven by the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture and new reinsurance with FLIAC in 2021. 
 
 Risks and Risk Mitigants 
 Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. The primary risk exposures of our variable annuity contracts relate to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including capital markets assumptions such as equity market returns, interest rates and market volatility, along with actuarial assumptions such as contractholder mortality, the timing and amount of annuitization and withdrawals, and contract lapses. For these risk exposures, achievement of our expected returns is subject to the risk that actual experience will differ from the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products. Prudential Financial manages our exposure to certain risks driven by fluctuations in capital markets primarily through a combination of Product Design Features and an Asset Liability Management Strategy ("ALM"), as discussed below. The Company also manages these risk exposures through external reinsurance for certain of our variable annuity products. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Effective July 1, 2021, the Company recaptured the risks related to its variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees, that had previously been reinsured to FLIAC from April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2021. The recapture does not impact PLNJ, which will continue to reinsure its new and in force business to Prudential Insurance. The product risks related to the previously reinsured business that were being managed in FLIAC, were transferred to the Company. In addition, the living benefit hedging program related to the previously reinsured living benefit riders are being managed within the Company. For more information on this transaction, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Fixed Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants . Effective December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with FLIAC under which the Company assumed all of its fixed indexed annuities and fixed annuities with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal income feature from FLIAC. The primary risk exposure of these fixed annuity products relates to investment risks we bear for providing customers a minimum guaranteed interest rate or an index-linked interest rate required to be credited to the customer s account value, which include interest rate fluctuations and/or sustained periods of low interest rates, and credit risk related to the underlying investments. We manage these risk exposures primarily through our investment strategies and product design features, which include credit rate resetting subject to the minimum guaranteed interest rate, as well as surrender charges applied during the early years of the contract that help to provide protection for premature withdrawals. In addition, a portion of our fixed annuity products has a market value adjustment provision that affords protection of lapse in the case of rising interest rates. We also manage these risk exposures through external reinsurance for certain of our fixed annuity products. For information on our external reinsurance agreements, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Indexed Variable Annuity Risks and Risk Mitigants. Effective December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with FLIAC under which the Company assumed all of its indexed variable annuities from FLIAC. The primary risk exposure of these indexed variable annuity products relates to the investment risks we bear in order to credit to the customer s account balance the required crediting rate based on the performance of the elected indices at the end of each term. We manage this risk primarily through our investment strategies including derivatives and product design features, which include credit rate resetting subject to contractual minimums as well as surrender charges applied during the early years of the contract that help to provide protection for premature withdrawals. In addition, our indexed variable annuity strategies have an interim value provision that provides protection from lapse in the case of rising interest rates. 
 Product Design Features: 
 A portion of the variable annuity contracts that we offer include an asset transfer feature. This feature is implemented at the contract level, and transfers assets between certain variable investment sub-accounts selected by the annuity contractholder and, depending on the benefit feature, a fixed-rate account in the general account or a bond fund sub-account within the separate account. The objective of the asset transfer feature is to reduce our exposure to equity market risk and market volatility. The asset transfer feature associated with our highest daily living benefit products uses a designated bond fund sub-account within the separate account. The transfers are based on a static mathematical formula used with the particular benefit which considers a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the impact of investment performance on the contractholder s total account value. Other product design features we utilize include, among others, asset allocation restrictions, minimum issuance age requirements and certain limitations on the amount of contractholder purchase payments, as well as a required minimum allocation to our general account for certain of our products. We continue to introduce products that diversify our risk profile and have incorporated provisions in product design allowing frequent revisions of key pricing elements for certain of our products. In addition, there is diversity in our fee arrangements, as certain fees are primarily based on the benefit guarantee amount, the contractholder account value and/or premiums, which helps preserve certain revenue streams when market fluctuations cause account values to decline. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Asset Liability Management Strategy (including fixed income instruments and derivatives): 
 We employ an ALM strategy that utilizes a combination of both traditional fixed income instruments and derivatives to meet expected liabilities associated with our variable annuity living benefit guarantees. The economic liability we manage with this ALM strategy consists of expected living benefit claims under less severe market conditions, which are managed using fixed income instruments, derivatives, or a combination thereof, and potential living benefit claims resulting from more severe market conditions, which are hedged using derivative instruments. For our Prudential Defined Income PDI variable annuity, we utilize fixed income instruments to meet expected liabilities. For the portion of our ALM strategy executed with derivatives, we enter into a range of exchange-traded and over-the-counter equity, interest rate and credit derivatives, including, but not limited to: equity and treasury futures; total return, credit default and interest rate swaps; and options, including equity options, swaptions, and floors and caps. The intent of this strategy is to more efficiently manage the capital and liquidity associated with these products while continuing to mitigate fluctuations in net income due to movements in capital markets. To achieve this, we periodically review and recalibrate the ALM strategy by optimizing the mix of derivatives and fixed income instruments to achieve expected outcomes. 
 The valuation of the economic liability we seek to defray excludes certain items that are included within the U.S. GAAP liability, such as NPR in order to maximize protection irrespective of the possibility of our own default, as well as risk margins (required by U.S. GAAP but different from our best estimate) and valuation methodology differences. The following table provides a reconciliation between the liability reported under U.S. GAAP and the economic liability we manage through our ALM strategy, net of reinsurance recoverables, as of the period indicated: 
 As of December 31, 2022 (in millions) US GAAP Liability including NPR 4,110 NPR Adjustment 3,039 Subtotal 7,149 Adjustments including risk margins and valuation methodology differences (2,171) Economic liability managed through the ALM strategy 4,978 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of our fixed income instruments and derivative assets exceed our economic liability. 
 Under our ALM strategy, we expect differences in the U.S. GAAP net income impact between the changes in value of the fixed income instruments (either designated as available-for-sale or designated as trading) and derivatives as compared to the changes in the embedded derivative liability these assets support. These differences can be primarily attributed to three distinct areas: 
 Different valuation methodologies in measuring the liability we intend to cover with fixed income instruments and derivatives versus the liability reported under U.S. GAAP. The valuation methodology utilized in estimating the economic liability we intend to defray with fixed income instruments (either designated as available-for-sale or designated as trading) and derivatives is different from that required to be utilized to measure the liability under U.S. GAAP. Additionally, the valuation of the economic liability excludes certain items that are included within the U.S. GAAP liability, such as NPR in order to maximize protection irrespective of the possibility of our own default and risk margins (required by U.S. GAAP but different from our best estimate). 
 Different accounting treatment between liabilities and assets supporting those liabilities. Under U.S. GAAP, changes in value of the embedded derivative liability, derivative instruments and fixed income instruments designated as trading immediately reflected in net income, while changes in the fair value of fixed income instruments that are designated as available-for-sale are recorded as unrealized gains (losses) in other comprehensive income. 
 General hedge results. For the derivative portion of the ALM strategy, the net hedging impact (the extent to which the changes in value of the hedging instruments offset the change in value of the portion of the economic liability we are hedging) may be impacted by a number of factors, including: cash flow timing differences between our hedging instruments and the corresponding portion of the economic liability we are hedging, basis differences attributable to actual underlying contractholder funds to be hedged versus hedgeable indices, rebalancing costs related to dynamic rebalancing of hedging instruments as markets move, certain elements of the economic liability that may not be hedged (including certain actuarial assumptions), and implied and realized market volatility on the hedge positions relative to the portion of the economic liability we seek to hedge. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Hedge Program: 
 We employ a capital hedge program within the Company to protect a portion of the overall capital position of the variable annuities business against its exposure to the equity markets. The capital hedge program is conducted using equity derivatives which include equity call and put options, total return swaps and futures contracts. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The differences between income taxes expected at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 applicable for 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the reported income tax expense (benefit) are provided in the following table: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Expected federal income tax expense (benefit) at federal statutory rate 87 (609) 14 Non-taxable investment income (46) (49) (47) Tax credits (48) (37) (28) Changes in tax law 0 (4) (70) Other 6 7 1 Reported income tax expense (benefit) (1) (691) (130) Effective tax rate (0.2) 23.8 (191.2) 
 Effective Tax Rate 
 The effective tax rate is the ratio of Income tax expense (benefit) divided by Income (loss) from operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint ventures." Our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was (0.2) , 23.8 and (191.2) , respectively. For a detailed description of the nature of each significant reconciling item, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The Company s liability for income taxes includes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and interest that relate to tax years still subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service or other taxing authorities. The completion of review or the expiration of the Federal statute of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the liability for income taxes. The Company had no unrecognized benefit as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We do not anticipate any significant changes within the next twelve months to our total unrecognized tax benefits related to tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired. 
 Income Tax Expense vs. Income Tax Paid in Cash 
 Income tax expense recorded under U.S. GAAP routinely differs from the income taxes paid in cash in any given year. Income tax expense recorded under U.S. GAAP is based on income reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the current period and it includes both current and deferred taxes. Income taxes paid during the year include tax installments made for the current year as well as tax payments and refunds related to prior periods. 
 For additional information regarding income tax related items, see Business Regulation and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the payment obligations of the Company. Capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operations of our business, fund business growth, and provide a cushion to withstand adverse circumstances. Our ability to generate and maintain sufficient liquidity and capital depends on the profitability of our business, general economic conditions and our access to the capital markets and the alternative sources of liquidity and capital described herein. 
 Effective and prudent liquidity and capital management is a priority across the organization. Management monitors the liquidity of the Company on a daily basis and projects borrowing and capital needs over a multi-year time horizon. We use a Risk Appetite Framework RAF to ensure that all risks taken by the Company align with our capacity and willingness to take those risks. The RAF provides a dynamic assessment of capital and liquidity stress impacts, including scenarios similar to, and more severe than, those occurring due to COVID-19, and is intended to ensure that sufficient resources are available to absorb those impacts. We believe that our capital and liquidity resources are sufficient to satisfy the capital and liquidity requirements of the Company. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Our businesses are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by domestic and international regulators. These regulations currently include requirements (many of which are the subject of ongoing rule-making) relating to capital and liquidity management. For information on these regulatory initiatives and their potential impact on us, see Business Regulation" and Risk Factors". 
 Capital 
 We manage to regulatory capital levels consistent with our "AA" ratings targets. We utilize the risk-based capital RBC ratio as a primary measure of capital adequacy. RBC is calculated based on statutory financial statements and risk formulas consistent with the practices of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC"). RBC considers, among other things, risks related to the type and quality of the invested assets, insurance-related risks associated with an insurer s products and liabilities, interest rate risks and general business risks. RBC ratio calculations are intended to assist insurance regulators in measuring an insurer s solvency and ability to pay future claims. The reporting of RBC measures is not intended for the purpose of ranking any insurance company or for use in connection with any marketing, advertising or promotional activities, but is available to the public. The Company s capital levels substantially exceed the minimum level required by applicable insurance regulations. Our regulatory capital levels may be affected in the future by changes to the applicable regulations, proposals for which are currently under consideration by both domestic and international insurance regulators. 
 The regulatory capital level of the Company can be materially impacted by interest rate and equity market fluctuations, changes in the values of derivatives, the level of impairments recorded, and credit quality migration of the investment portfolio, among other items. In addition, the reinsurance of business or the recapture of business subject to reinsurance arrangements due to defaults by, or credit quality migration affecting, the reinsurers or for other reasons could negatively impact regulatory capital levels. The Company s regulatory capital level is also affected by statutory accounting rules, which are subject to change by each applicable insurance regulator. 
 Captive Reinsurance Companies 
 Prudential Financial and the Company use captive reinsurance companies for our individual life business to more effectively manage our reserves and capital on an economic basis and to enable the aggregation and transfer of risks. The captive reinsurance companies assume business from affiliates only. To support the risks they assume, our captives are capitalized to a level we believe is consistent with the AA financial strength rating targets of Prudential Financial s insurance subsidiaries. All of the captive reinsurance companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Prudential Financial and are located domestically, typically in the state of domicile of the direct writing insurance subsidiary that cedes the majority of business to the captive. In addition to state insurance regulation, the captives are subject to internal policies governing their activities. In the normal course of business, Prudential Financial contributes capital to the captives to support business growth and other needs. Prudential Financial has also entered into support agreements with several of the captives in connection with financing arrangements. 
 Prudential Financial's life insurance subsidiaries are subject to a regulation entitled Valuation of Life Insurance Policies Model Regulation, commonly known as Regulation XXX, and a supporting guideline entitled The Application of the Valuation of Life Insurance Policies Model Regulation, commonly known as Guideline AXXX. The regulation and supporting guideline require insurers to establish statutory reserves for term and universal life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees at a level that exceeds what our actuarial assumptions for this business would otherwise require. Prudential Financial uses captive reinsurance companies to finance the portion of the reserves for this business that we consider to be non-economic as described below under Financing Activities Term and Universal Life Reserve Financing. 
 
 Liquidity 
 Our liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash flows to meet all of our obligations. Liquidity is provided by a variety of sources, as described more fully below, including portfolios of liquid assets. Our investment portfolios are integral to the overall liquidity of the Company. We use a projection process for cash flows from operations to ensure sufficient liquidity to meet projected cash outflows, including claims. The impact of Prudential Funding, LLC s ("Prudential Funding"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Insurance, financing capacity on liquidity (as described below) is considered in the internal liquidity measures of the Company. 
 Liquidity is measured against internally-developed benchmarks that take into account the characteristics of both the asset portfolio and the liabilities that they support. We consider attributes of the various categories of liquid assets (e.g., type of asset and credit quality) in calculating internal liquidity measures to evaluate our liquidity under various stress scenarios, including company-specific and market-wide events. We continue to believe that cash generated by ongoing operations and the liquidity profile of our assets provide sufficient liquidity under reasonably foreseeable stress scenarios. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The principal sources of the Company s liquidity are premiums and certain annuity considerations, investment and fee income, investment maturities, sales of investments and internal borrowings. The principal uses of that liquidity include benefits, claims, and payments to policyholders and contractholders in connection with surrenders, withdrawals and net policy loan activity. Other uses of liquidity include commissions, general and administrative expenses, purchases of investments, the payment of dividends and returns of capital to the parent company, hedging and reinsurance activity and payments in connection with financing activities. 
 In managing liquidity, we consider the risk of policyholder and contractholder withdrawals of funds earlier than our assumptions when selecting assets to support these contractual obligations. We use surrender charges and other contract provisions to mitigate the extent, timing and profitability impact of withdrawals of funds by customers. 
 Liquid Assets 
 Liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, U.S. Treasury fixed maturities, fixed maturities that are not designated as held-to-maturity, and public equity securities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had liquid assets of 21.7 billion and 14.5 billion, respectively. The portion of liquid assets comprised cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments was 2.5 billion and 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 17.2 billion, or 90 , of the fixed maturity investments in the Company's general account portfolios were rated high or highest quality based on NAIC or equivalent rating. 
 Financing Activities 
 Term and Universal Life Reserve Financing 
 For business written prior to the implementation of principle-based reserving, Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX require domestic life insurers to establish statutory reserves for term and universal life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees that are consistent with the statutory reserves required for other individual life policies with similar guarantees. Many market participants believe that these levels of reserves are excessive relative to the levels reasonably required to maintain solvency for moderately adverse experience. The difference between the statutory reserve and the amount necessary to maintain solvency for moderately adverse experience is considered to be the non-economic portion of the statutory reserve. 
 The Company uses affiliated captive reinsurance companies to finance the portion of the statutory reserves required to be held under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX that is considered to be non-economic. The financing arrangements involve the reinsurance of term and universal life business to our affiliated captive reinsurers and the issuance of surplus notes by those affiliated captives that are treated as capital for statutory purposes. These surplus notes are subordinated to policyholder obligations, and the payment of principal and interest on the surplus notes can only be made with prior insurance regulatory approval. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the affiliated captive reinsurance companies have entered into agreements with external counterparties providing for the issuance of up to an aggregate of 16,050 million of surplus notes by our affiliated captive reinsurers in return for the receipt of credit-linked notes Credit-Linked Note Structures ), of which 14,070 million of surplus notes was outstanding, compared to an aggregate issuance capacity of 14,600 million, of which 12,721 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2021. These amounts reflect an increased Credit Link Note Structure expanded in December 2022 for Guideline AXXX reserves, of which 2,100 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Under the agreements, the affiliated captive receives in exchange for the surplus notes one or more credit-linked notes issued by a special-purpose affiliate of the Company with an aggregate principal amount equal to the surplus notes outstanding. The affiliated captive holds the credit-linked notes as assets supporting Regulation XXX or Guideline AXXX non-economic reserves, as applicable. The captive can redeem the principal amount of the outstanding credit-linked notes for cash upon the occurrence of, and in an amount necessary to remedy, a specified liquidity stress event affecting the captive. Under the agreements, the external counterparties have agreed to fund any such payments under the credit-linked notes in return for the receipt of fees. Under certain of the transactions, Prudential Financial has agreed to make capital contributions to the captive to reimburse it for investment losses in excess of specified amounts and/or has agreed to reimburse the external counterparties for any payments made under the credit-linked notes. To date, no such payments under the credit-linked notes have been required. Under these transactions, because valid rights of set-off exist, interest and principal payments on the surplus notes and on the credit-linked notes are settled on a net basis, and the surplus notes are reflected in the Company s total consolidated borrowings on a net basis. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our affiliated captive reinsurance companies had outstanding an aggregate of 3,025 million of debt issued for the purpose of financing Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX non-economic reserves, of which approximately 925 million relates to Regulation XXX reserves and approximately 2,100 million relates to Guideline AXXX reserves. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, for purposes of financing Guideline AXXX reserves, one of our affiliated captives had approximately 3,982 million of surplus notes outstanding that were issued to affiliates. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has introduced updated versions of its individual life products in conjunction with the requirement to adopt principle-based reserving by January 1, 2020. These updated products are currently priced to support the principle-based statutory reserve level without the need for reserve financing. 
 Prudential Funding, LLC 
 Prudential Financial and Prudential Funding borrow funds in the capital markets primarily through the direct issuance of commercial paper. The borrowings serve as an additional source of financing to meet our working capital needs. Prudential Funding operates under a support agreement with Prudential Insurance whereby Prudential Insurance has agreed to maintain Prudential Funding s positive tangible net worth at all times. 
 Hedging activities associated with living benefit guarantees 
 The hedging portion of our risk management strategy associated with our living benefit guarantees is being managed within the Company. For the portion of the risk management strategy executed through hedging, we enter into a range of exchange-traded, cleared and other OTC equity and interest rate derivatives in order to hedge certain living benefit guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives against changes in certain capital market risks above a designated threshold. The portion of the risk management strategy comprising the hedging portion requires access to liquidity to meet the Company's payment obligations relating to these derivatives, such as payments for periodic settlements, purchases, maturities and terminations. These liquidity needs can vary materially due to, among other items, changes in interest rates, equity markets, mortality and policyholder behavior. 
 
 The hedging portion of the risk management strategy may also result in derivative-related collateral postings to (when we are in a net pay position) or from (when we are in a net receive position) counterparties. The net collateral position depends on changes in interest rates and equity markets related to the amount of the exposures hedged. Depending on market conditions, the collateral posting requirements can result in material liquidity needs when we are in a net pay position. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of loss from changes in interest rates, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates resulting from asset/liability mismatches where the change in the value of our liabilities is not offset by the change in value of our assets. 
 Effective April 1, 2016, the Company reinsured variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees to PALAC, excluding the Pruco life Insurance Company of New Jersey business, which was reinsured to Prudential Insurance, in each case under a coinsurance and modified coinsurance agreement. These reinsurance agreements cover new and in-force business and exclude business reinsured externally. As of December 31, 2020, the Company discontinued the sales of traditional variable annuities with guaranteed living benefit riders which had no impact on these reinsurance agreements. Effective July 1, 2021, the Company recaptured the risks related to its variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees, that had previously been reinsured to PALAC from April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2021. The product risks related to the previously reinsured business that were being managed in PALAC, were transferred to the Company. In addition, the living benefit hedging program related to the previously reinsured living benefit riders are being managed within the Company. The transaction is referred to as the "2021 Variable Annuities Recapture". Effective April 1, 2022, Prudential Financial completed the sale of PALAC to Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Effective December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with FLIAC (formerly PALAC) under which the Company assumed all of its indexed variable annuities. For additional information regarding this agreement, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For additional information regarding the potential impacts of interest rate and other market fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions on our businesses and profitability, see Item 1A. Risk Factors above. See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Current Market Conditions above, for how rapidly rising interest rates, among other factors, adversely impact the Company's financial results. For additional information regarding our liquidity and capital resources, which may be impacted by changing market risks, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources above. 
 Market Risk Management 
 Management of market risk, which we consider to be a combination of both investment risk and market risk exposures, includes the identification and measurement of various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation of processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while optimizing returns on the underlying assets or liabilities. As an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Prudential Financial, the Company benefits from the risk management strategies implemented by Prudential Financial. 
 Our risk management process utilizes a variety of tools and techniques, including: 
 Measures of price sensitivity to market changes (e.g., interest rates, equity index prices, foreign exchange); 
 Asset/liability management; 
 Stress scenario testing; 
 Hedging programs and affiliated reinsurance; and 
 Risk management governance, including policies, limits and a committee that oversees investment and market risk. 
 Market Risk Mitigation 
 Risk mitigation takes three primary forms: 
 Asset/Liability Management: Managing assets to liability-based measures. For example, investment policies identify target durations for assets based on liability characteristics and asset portfolios are managed to within ranges around them. This mitigates potential unanticipated economic losses from interest rate movements. 
 Hedging: Using derivatives to offset risk exposures. For example, for our variable annuities, potential living benefit claims resulting from more severe market conditions are hedged using derivative instruments. 
 Management of portfolio concentration risk: For example, ongoing monitoring and management of key rate, currency and other concentration risks support diversification efforts to mitigate exposure to individual markets and sources of risk. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Market Risk Related to Interest Rates 
 We perform liability-driven investing and engage in careful asset/liability management. Asset/liability mismatches create the risk that changes in liability values will differ from the changes in the value of the related assets. Additionally, changes in interest rates may impact other items including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Net investment spread between the amounts that we are required to pay and the rate of return we are able to earn on investments for certain products supported by general account investments; 
 Asset-based fees earned on assets under management or contractholder account values; 
 Estimated total gross profits and the amortization of deferred policy acquisition and other costs; 
 Net exposure to the guarantees provided under certain products; and 
 Our capital levels. 
 In order to mitigate the impact that an unfavorable interest rate environment has on our net interest margins, we employ a proactive asset/liability management program, which includes strategic asset allocation and derivative strategies within a disciplined risk management framework. These strategies seek to match the characteristics of our products, and to approximate the interest rate sensitivity of the assets with the estimated interest rate sensitivity of the product liabilities. Our asset/liability management program also helps manage duration gaps, currency and other risks between assets and liabilities through the use of derivatives. We adjust this dynamic process as products change, as customer behavior changes and as changes in the market environment occur. As a result, our asset/liability management process has permitted us to manage interest rate risk successfully through several market cycles. 
 We use duration and convexity analyses to measure price sensitivity to interest rate changes. Duration measures the relative sensitivity of the fair value of a financial instrument to changes in interest rates. Convexity measures the rate of change in duration with respect to changes in interest rates. We use asset/liability management and derivative strategies to manage our interest rate exposure by matching the relative sensitivity of asset and liability values to interest rate changes, or by controlling the duration mismatch of assets and liability duration targets. In certain markets, capital market limitations that hinder our ability to acquire assets that approximate the duration of some of our liabilities are considered in setting duration targets. We consider risk-based capital and tax implications as well as current market conditions in our asset/liability management strategies. 
 The Company also mitigates interest rate risk through a market value adjusted MVA provision on certain of the Company s annuity products' fixed investment options. This MVA provision limits interest rate risk by subjecting the contractholder to an MVA when funds are withdrawn or transferred to variable investment options before the end of the guarantee period. In the event of rising interest rates, which generally make the fixed maturity securities underlying the guarantee less valuable, the MVA could be negative. In the event of declining interest rates, which generally make the fixed maturity securities underlying the guarantee more valuable, the MVA could be positive. The resulting increase or decrease in the value of the fixed option, from calculation of the MVA, is designed to offset the decrease or increase in the market value of the securities underlying the guarantee. 
 We assess the impact of interest rate movements on the value of our financial assets, financial liabilities and derivatives using hypothetical test scenarios that assume either upward or downward 100 basis point parallel shifts in the yield curve from prevailing interest rates, reflecting changes in either credit spreads or the risk-free rate. The following table sets forth the net estimated potential loss in fair value on these financial instruments from a hypothetical 100 basis point upward shift at December 31, 2022 and 2021. This table is presented on a gross basis and excludes offsetting impacts to insurance liabilities that are not considered financial liabilities under U.S. GAAP. This scenario results in the greatest net exposure to interest rate risk of the hypothetical scenarios tested at those dates. While the test scenario is for illustrative purposes only and does not reflect our expectations regarding future interest rates or the performance of fixed-income markets, it is a near-term, reasonably possible hypothetical change that illustrates the potential impact of such events. These test scenarios do not measure the changes in value that could result from non-parallel shifts in the yield curve which we would expect to produce different changes in discount rates for different maturities. As a result, the actual loss in fair value from a 100 basis point change in interest rates could be different from that indicated by these calculations. The estimated changes in fair values do not include separate account assets. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Notional Fair Value Hypothetical Change in Fair Value Notional Fair Value Hypothetical Change in Fair Value (in millions) Financial assets with interest rate risk: Fixed maturities(1) 20,962 (1,077) 16,581 (1,780) Policy loans 505 0 1,327 0 Commercial mortgage and other loans 4,602 (96) 2,884 (116) Derivatives: Futures 3,302 4 148 9,124 (6) (117) Swaps 167,018 (10,088) (1,774) 158,708 (4,851) (2,257) Options 25,188 (873) 245 19,462 (633) (317) Forwards 1,469 (11) 0 315 3 (36) Variable annuity and other living benefit feature embedded derivatives (4,541) 2,294 (9,048) 4,457 Indexed universal life contracts (880) 143 (1,187) 205 Indexed annuity contracts (2,622) (457) (2,110) (344) Total embedded derivatives(2) (8,043) 1,980 (12,345) 4,318 Financial liabilities with interest rate risk(3): Policyholders' account balances-investment contracts (4,333) 5 (3,947) 9 Net estimated potential gain (loss) (569) (296) 
 
 (1) Includes assets classified as "Fixed maturities, available-for-sale, at fair value" and "Fixed maturities, trading, at fair value." 
 (2) Ex cludes any offsetting impact of derivative instruments purchased to hedge changes in the embedded derivatives. Amounts reported gross of reinsurance. 
 (3) Excludes 61 billion and 59 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of insurance reserve and deposit liabilities that are not considered financial liabilities. We believe that the interest rate sensitivities of these insurance liabilities would serve as an offset to the net interest rate risk of the financial assets and financial liabilities, including investment contracts. 
 
 Market Risk Related to Equity Prices 
 We have exposure to equity price risk through our investments in equity securities, equity-based derivatives and embedded derivatives associated with certain of the optional living benefit features of variable annuity and index-linked crediting features of universal life and annuity contracts. Changes in equity prices may impact other items including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Asset-based fees earned on assets under management or contractholder account value; 
 Estimated total gross profits and the amortization of deferred policy acquisition and other costs; and 
 Net exposure to the guarantees provided under certain products. 
 We manage equity price risk against benchmarks in respective markets. We benchmark our return on equity holdings against a blend of market indices, mainly the S P 500 and Russell 2000 for U.S. equities. We benchmark foreign equities against the Tokyo Price Index, and the MSCI EAFE, a market index of European, Australian, and Far Eastern equities. We target price sensitivities that approximate those of the benchmark indices. For equity investments within the separate accounts, the investment risk is borne by the separate account contractholder rather than by the Company. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 We estimate our equity risk from a hypothetical 10 decline in equity benchmark levels. The following table sets forth the net estimated potential loss in fair value from such a decline as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. While these scenarios are for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect our expectations regarding future performance of equity markets or of our equity portfolio, they do represent near-term, reasonably possible hypothetical changes that illustrate the potential impact of such events. These scenarios consider only the direct impact on fair value of declines in equity benchmark market levels and not changes in asset-based fees recognized as revenue, changes in our estimates of total gross profits used as a basis for amortizing deferred policy acquisition and other costs, or changes in any other assumptions such as market volatility or mortality, utilization or persistency rates in our variable annuity contracts that could also impact the fair value of our living benefit features. In addition, these scenarios do not reflect the impact of basis risk, such as potential differences in the performance of the investment funds underlying the variable annuity products relative to the market indices we use as a basis for developing our hedging strategy. The impact of basis risk could result in larger differences between the change in fair value of the equity-based derivatives and the related living benefit features in comparison to these scenarios. In calculating these amounts, we exclude separate account equity securities. 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Notional Fair Value Hypothetical Change in Fair Value Notional Fair Value Hypothetical Change in Fair Value (in millions) Equity securities 143 (14) 111 (11) Equity-based derivatives(1) 42,022 (928) (170) 39,607 (1,048) 1,062 Variable annuity and other living benefit feature embedded derivatives (4,541) (781) (9,048) (1,128) Indexed universal life contracts (880) 24 (1,187) 54 Indexed annuity contracts (2,622) 841 (2,110) 680 Total embedded derivatives(1)(2) (8,043) 84 (12,345) (394) Net estimated potential gain (loss) (100) 657 
 
 (1) Both the notional amount and fair value of equity-based derivatives and the fair value of embedded derivatives are also reflected in amounts under Market Risk Related to Interest Rates above and are not cumulative. 
 (2) Excludes any offsetting impact of derivative instruments purchased to hedge changes in the embedded derivatives. Amounts reported gross of reinsurance. 
 
 Market Risk Related to Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk in its domestic general account investment portfolios and previously through its operations in Taiwan. 
 For our domestic general account investment portfolios our foreign currency exchange rate risk arises primarily from investments that are denominated in foreign currencies. We manage this risk by hedging substantially all domestic foreign currency-denominated fixed-income investments into U.S. dollars. We generally do not hedge all of the foreign currency risk of our investments in equity securities of unaffiliated foreign entities. 
 The Company previously had foreign currency obligations related to its historic operations in Taiwan. Such currency obligations were offset by foreign currency assets from reinsurance agreements the Company entered into when the Company s Taiwanese operation was transferred to an affiliated company, Prudential of Taiwan, in 2001. On June 30, 2021, Prudential of Taiwan was sold to an unaffiliated party which resulted in the removal of the Company's insurance related liabilities and offsetting reinsurance recoverables. For additional information regarding these reinsurance arrangements, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Derivatives 
 We use derivative financial instruments primarily to reduce market risk from changes in interest rates, equity prices and foreign currency exchange rates, including their use to alter interest rate or foreign currency exposures arising from mismatches between assets and liabilities. Our derivatives primarily include swaps, futures, options and forward contracts that are exchange-traded or contracted in the OTC market. For additional information regarding our derivative activities, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Market Risk Related to Certain Variable Annuity Products 
 The primary risk exposures of our variable annuity contracts relate to actual deviations from, or changes to, the assumptions used in the original pricing of these products, including capital market assumptions, such as equity market returns, interest rates and market volatility, and actuarial assumptions. Certain variable annuity optional living benefit features are accounted for as embedded derivatives and recorded at fair value. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDEX 
 Page Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 54 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 60 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 62 
 1 Business and Basis of Presentation 
 63 
 2 Significant Accounting Policies and Pronouncements 
 67 
 3 Investments 
 81 
 4 Derivatives and Hedging 
 93 
 5 Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities 
 101 
 6 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 117 
 7 Policyholders Liabilities 
 117 
 8 Certain Long-duration Contracts with Guarantees 
 119 
 9 Reinsurance 
 123 
 10 Income Taxes 
 129 
 11 Equity 
 132 
 12 Statutory Net Income and Surplus and Dividend Restriction 
 135 
 13 Related Party Transactions 
 135 
 14 Commitments and Guarantees, Contingent Liabilities and Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 141 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of Pruco Life Insurance Company (together with its consolidated subsidiary, the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness, as of December 31, 2022, of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, based on the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on our assessment under that framework, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by or under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, regarding the internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 
 March 20, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of Pruco Life Insurance Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Pruco Life Insurance Company and its subsidiary (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for credit losses on certain financial assets reported at amortized cost in 2020. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of Guaranteed Benefit Features Associated with Certain Life and Annuity Products Included in the Liability for Future Policy Benefits 
 
 As described in Notes 2, 5, 7 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issues certain life and annuity contracts which contain guaranteed benefit features. Certain of the guarantees associated with variable annuity contracts are accounted for as embedded derivatives and recorded at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized currently in earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the obligations associated with these guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives was 4.5 billion. As there is no observable active market for the transfer of these obligations, the valuations are calculated by management using internally developed models with option pricing techniques. The models are based on a risk neutral valuation framework and incorporate premiums for risks inherent in valuation techniques, inputs, and the general uncertainty around the timing and amount of future cash flows. The significant inputs to the valuation models for these embedded derivatives include capital market assumptions, such as interest rate levels and volatility assumptions, the Company s market-perceived non-performance risk under the contract, as well as actuarially determined assumptions, including mortality rates, lapse rates, benefit utilization rates and withdrawal rates. For certain life insurance and annuity products that include certain other contract features, including guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDB and no-lapse guarantees, additional policyholder liabilities are established when associated assessments are recognized. The liability for no-lapse guarantee features is grouped with GMDB features in Note 8. As of December 31, 2022, the additional liability for these contract features was 10.0 billion recorded within the liability for future policy benefits. As disclosed by management, this liability is established using current best estimate assumptions, including mortality rates, lapse rates, benefit utilization rates, withdrawal rates, and premium pattern rates, as well as interest rate and equity market return assumptions, and is based on the ratio of the present value of total expected excess payments (i.e., payments in excess of account value) over the life of the contract divided by the present value of total expected assessments (i.e., benefit ratio). The liability equals the current benefit ratio multiplied by cumulative assessments recognized to date, plus interest, less cumulative excess payments to date. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of guaranteed benefit features associated with certain life and annuity products included in the liability for future policy benefits is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to determine the valuation model for the benefit features accounted for as embedded derivatives in light of the valuation objective (fair value) given the lack of an observable market for these guarantees and to determine the aforementioned assumptions for the guaranteed benefit features accounted for as embedded derivatives and additional policyholder liabilities, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the model for embedded derivatives recorded at fair value and the aforementioned assumptions used in the valuation of the liabilities for the guaranteed benefit features accounted for as embedded derivatives and additional policyholder liabilities, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of guaranteed benefit features associated with certain life and annuity products included in the liability for future policy benefits, including controls over the model for the benefit features accounted for as embedded derivatives and development of the assumptions used in the valuation of the liabilities for the guaranteed benefit features accounted for as embedded derivatives and additional policyholder liabilities. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the valuation of guaranteed benefit features associated with certain life and annuity products included in the liability for future policy benefits, which included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of management s models and (ii) the reasonableness of the aforementioned assumptions used in the valuation based on industry knowledge and data as well as historical Company data and experience. The procedures also included testing the completeness and accuracy of data used to develop the aforementioned assumptions and testing that the aforementioned assumptions are accurately reflected in the models. 
 
 Valuation of the Deferred Acquisition Costs Related to Universal Life and Variable Life Products and Variable Deferred Annuity Products 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company defers acquisition costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition of new and renewal insurance and annuity business to the extent such costs are deemed recoverable from future profits. As of December 31, 2022, a significant portion of the 6.6 billion of deferred policy acquisition costs ("DAC") are associated with certain universal life and variable life products and variable deferred annuity products. DAC related to universal life and variable life products and variable deferred annuity products is generally amortized over the expected life of the contracts in proportion to gross profits arising principally from investment margins, mortality and expense margins, and surrender charges. These margins are updated periodically based on historical and anticipated future experience. Gross profits also include impacts from the embedded derivatives associated with certain of the optional living benefit features of variable annuity contracts. The DAC balance is regularly adjusted with a corresponding charge or credit to current period earnings for the impact of actual gross profits and changes in management s projections of estimated future gross profits. DAC is subject to periodic recoverability testing. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of DAC related to universal life and variable life products and variable deferred annuity products is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to determine the assumptions used in the projection of gross profits used to amortize DAC related to mortality rates, lapse rates, benefit utilization rates, withdrawal rates, and premium pattern rates, as well as interest rate and equity market return assumptions (collectively, the significant assumptions ), (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the significant assumptions, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of DAC related to universal life and variable life products and variable deferred annuity products, including controls over the development of the significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the valuation of DAC related to universal life and variable life products and variable deferred annuity products, which included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of management s models and (ii) the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used in the valuation based on industry knowledge and data as well as historical Company data and experience. The procedures also included testing the completeness and accuracy of data used to develop the assumptions and testing that the assumptions are accurately reflected in the models. 

/s/ 

March 20, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1996. 

57 

Table of Contents 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Fixed maturities, available-for-sale, at fair value (allowance for credit losses: 2022 ; 2021 (amortized cost: 2022 ; 2021 
 Fixed maturities, trading, at fair value (amortized cost: 2022 ; 2021 
 Equity securities, at fair value (cost: 2022 ; 2021 
 Policy loans Short-term investments Commercial mortgage and other loans (net of and allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Other invested assets (includes and of assets measured at fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Deferred policy acquisition costs Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Deferred sales inducements Income tax assets Other assets Separate account assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES Policyholders account balances Future policy benefits Cash collateral for loaned securities Short-term debt to affiliates Long-term debt to affiliates Payables to parent and affiliates Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (See Note 14) EQUITY Common stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings / (accumulated deficit) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (in thousands) 
 2022 2021 2020 REVENUES Premiums Policy charges and fee income Net investment income Asset administration fees Other income (loss) ) Realized investment gains (losses), net ) ) TOTAL REVENUES ) BENEFITS AND EXPENSES Policyholders benefits Interest credited to policyholders account balances ) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs General, administrative and other expenses ) TOTAL BENEFITS AND EXPENSES INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF OPERATING JOINT VENTURE 
 ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE EQUITY IN EARNINGS OF OPERATING JOINT VENTURE 
 ) Equity in earnings of operating joint venture, net of taxes ) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) Total ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) related to other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2019 Cumulative effect of adoption of accounting changes(1) ) ) Contributed capital Contributed (distributed) capital-parent/child asset transfers 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) Balance, December 31, 2020 Contributed capital Contributed (distributed) capital-parent/child asset transfers 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Contributed capital Contributed (distributed) capital-parent/child asset transfers 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (1) I 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

60 

Table of Contents 

 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Policy charges and fee income ) ) ) Interest credited to policyholders account balances ) Realized investment (gains) losses, net ) Change in: Future policy benefits Reinsurance recoverables ) ) ) Accrued investment income ) ) ) Net payables to/receivables from parent and affiliates ) ) Deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) ) Income taxes ) ) ) Derivatives, net ) ) Other, net(1) ) Cash flows from (used in) operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from the sale/maturity/prepayment of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Policy loans Ceded policy loans ) ) ) Short-term investments Commercial mortgage and other loans Other invested assets Payments for the purchase/origination of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ) ) Fixed maturities, trading ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Policy loans ) ) ) Ceded policy loans Short-term investments ) ) ) Commercial mortgage and other loans ) ) ) Other invested assets ) ) ) Notes receivable from parent and affiliates, net ) Derivatives, net ) ) ) Other, net ) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities ) ) ) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 2022 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Policyholders account deposits Ceded policyholders account deposits ) ) ) Policyholders account withdrawals ) ) ) Ceded policyholders account withdrawals Net change in securities sold under agreement to repurchase and cash collateral for loaned securities 
 ) Contributed capital Contributed (distributed) capital - parent/child asset transfers ) ) ) Net change in financing arrangements (maturities 90 days or less) ) Proceeds from the issuance of debt (maturities longer than 90 days) Drafts outstanding Other, net ) ) Cash flows from (used in) financing activities NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Income taxes paid (refund) Interest paid 
 (1) 
 
 Significant Non-Cash Transactions 
 "Cash flows from (used in) operating activities" for the year ended December 31, 2022 excludes certain non-cash activities in the amount of million related to the Company entering into an affiliated reinsurance agreement with Lotus Reinsurance Company Ltd. ("Lotus Re") on January 1, 2022 and million related to the indexed variable annuities novated to the Company in connection with the reinsurance agreement with Fortitude Life Insurance Annuity Company FLIAC ). See Note 9 for more details regarding these transactions. The Company also received million of non-cash assets from its parent, The Prudential Insurance Company of America. See Note 13 for additional information. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing and Financing Activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 excludes certain non-cash activities related to the following transactions: 
 
 Effective July 1, 2021, Pruco Life Insurance Company recaptured the risks related to its business that had previously been reinsured to Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation from April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2021. See Note 1 for additional information. 
 
 Effective December 1, 2021, the Pruco Life Insurance Company assumed certain variable and fixed annuities from Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation, which resulted in billion of investment transfers and billion of dividend payment in securities. See Note 1 for additional information. 
 
 There were significant non-cash transactions for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

62 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

1. 
 
 wholly-owned insurance subsidiary, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, PLNJ ). PLNJ is a stock life insurance company organized in 1982 under the laws of the State of New Jersey. It is licensed to sell life insurance and annuities in New Jersey and New York only. Pruco Life and its subsidiary are together referred to as the "Company", "we" or "our" and all financial information is shown on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Prudential Financial Sale of PALAC 
 
 Effective April 1, 2022, Prudential Financial completed the sale of Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation PALAC to Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC Fortitude ). As such, PALAC is no longer an affiliate of Prudential Financial or the Company. Fortitude subsequently renamed the company Fortitude Life Insurance Annuity Company FLIAC ). 
 
 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture 
 
 Effective July 1, 2021, the Company recaptured the risks related to its variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees, that had previously been reinsured to PALAC from April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2021. The recapture does not impact PLNJ, which will continue to reinsure its new and in force business to Prudential Insurance. The product risks related to the previously reinsured business that were being managed in PALAC, were transferred to the Company. In addition, the living benefit hedging program related to the previously reinsured living benefit riders are being managed within the Company. This transaction is referred to as the "2021 Variable Annuities Recapture". 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Cash and cash equivalents Deferred policy acquisition costs Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables ) Deferred sales inducements Receivable from parent and affiliates Income taxes receivable Other assets ) Separate account assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY LIABILITIES Future policy benefits Policyholders account balances Cash collateral for loaned securities Payables to parent and affiliates ) Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities ) EQUITY Common stock Additional paid-in capital(3) Retained earnings ) Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Significant non-cash transactions 
 (1) The increase in total investments includes non-cash activities of billion related to the recapture transaction. 
 (2) The Company incurred a loss related to ceding commissions of billion. 
 (3) The increase in Additional paid-in capital includes non-cash activities of billion in invested assets related to capital contributions from Prudential Insurance. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Realized investment gains (losses), net ) TOTAL REVENUES ) BENEFITS AND EXPENSES Policyholders benefits Interest credited to policyholders account balances ) General, administrative and other expenses ) TOTAL BENEFITS AND EXPENSES ) INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) NET INCOME (LOSS) ) 

Affiliated Asset Transfers 
 
 Affiliate Period Transaction Security Type Fair Value Book Value APIC/ Retained Earnings Increase/(Decrease) Realized Investment Gain/(Loss), Net Derivative Gain/(Loss) (in millions) PALAC July 1, 2021 Purchase Derivatives, Fixed Maturities, Equity Securities, Commercial Mortgages and JV/LP Investments Prudential Insurance July 1, 2021 Contributed Capital Fixed Maturities 
 
 As part of the recapture transaction, the Company received invested assets of billion, net of billion ceding commissions as consideration from PALAC, which is equivalent to the amount of statutory reserve credit taken as of June 30, 2021. The Company released a reinsurance recoverable of billion. 
 
 The Company derecognized its ceded Deferred Acquisition Costs ("DAC") and Deferred Sales Inducements ("DSI") balances as of June 30, 2021. The company also recognized a net deferred reinsurance loss from the original transaction of billion. As a result of the recapture transaction, the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of billion immediately. 
 
 There was a billion capital contribution from Prudential Insurance, which includes billion in invested assets and billion in cash. 
 
 Reinsurance Agreement with FLIAC 
 
 Effective December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with FLIAC (previously named PALAC) under which the Company assumed all of its variable and fixed indexed annuities and fixed annuities with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal income feature from FLIAC. As a result, the Company recognized a deferred reinsurance loss of million. As of December 31, 2021, the reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurance of indexed variable annuities was billion, and the Policyholders' account balances resulting from the reinsurance of variable and fixed indexed annuities and fixed annuities with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal income benefit was billion. See Note 9 for additional information regarding this reinsurance arrangement. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

COVID-19 
 
 Since the first quarter of 2020, the novel coronavirus COVID-19 has resulted in extreme stress and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. The pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, the Company's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The risks have manifested, and may continue to manifest, in the Company's financial statements in the areas of, among others, (i) insurance liabilities and related balances: potential changes to assumptions regarding investment returns, mortality and policyholder behavior which are reflected in our insurance liabilities and certain related balances (e.g., DAC, etc.); and (ii) investments: increased risk of loss on our investments due to default or deterioration in credit quality or value. The Company cannot predict what impact the COVID-19 pandemic will ultimately have on its businesses. 

Out of Period Adjustments 
 
 During the three and six months ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded out of period adjustments resulting in an aggregate net benefit of million and million, respectively, to Income (loss) from operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint venture in 2022. These adjustments related to reserves for certain universal and variable life products and certain portions of variable life and annuities reinsurance activity, of which million was recorded in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2022, the Company recorded out of period adjustments resulting in an aggregate net charge of million to Income (loss) from operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint venture . The adjustments were primarily related to the valuation of the embedded derivative associated with the indexed variable annuities reinsurance recoverable that should have been recorded in the second quarter of 2022 to "Realized investment gains (losses), net", with no net impact to the 2022 consolidated financial statements. 
 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded out of period adjustments resulting in an aggregate net benefit of million to Income (loss) from operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint venture . The adjustments were primarily related to certain portions of fixed indexed annuities reinsurance activity that should have been recorded in the second quarter of 2022 to "Realized investment gains (losses), net", with no net impact to the 2022 consolidated financial statements. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million to "Income (loss) from operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint venture". 
 
 Management has evaluated the impact of all out of period adjustments, both individually and in the aggregate, and concluded that they are not material to any current or previously reported quarterly or annual financial statements. 

2. 

67 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

68 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million, primarily related to commercial mortgage and other loans. The impact of adoption is not material to the following financial statement line items: deferred policy acquisition costs; reinsurance recoverables; income taxes receivable; future policy benefits; policyholders' account balances; and other liabilities. The prospective adoption of the portions of the standard related to fixed maturities, available-for-sale resulted in no impact to opening retained earnings. 
 
 The CECL allowance represents the Company s best estimate of expected credit losses over the remaining life of the assets or off-balance sheet credit exposures. The determination of the allowance considers historical credit loss experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, the allowance was based upon credit losses that were probable of occurring for recognized loans, not an estimate of credit losses that may occur over the remaining life of the asset. 
 
 The allowance is calculated separately for commercial mortgage loans, agricultural mortgage loans, other collateralized and uncollateralized loans. For commercial mortgage and agricultural mortgage loans, the allowance is calculated using an internally developed CECL model that pools together loans that share similar risk characteristics. Similar risk characteristics used to create the pools include, but are not limited to, vintage, maturity, credit rating, and collateral type. 
 
 Key inputs to the CECL model include unpaid principal balances, internal credit ratings, annual expected loss factors, average lives of the loans adjusted for prepayment considerations, current and historical interest rate assumptions, and other factors influencing the Company s view of the current stage of the economic cycle and future economic conditions. Subjective considerations include a review of whether historical loss experience is representative of current market conditions and the Company s view of the credit cycle. Model assumptions and factors are reviewed and updated as appropriate. Information about certain key inputs is detailed below. 
 
 Key factors in determining the internal credit ratings for commercial mortgage and agricultural mortgage loans include loan-to-value and debt-service-coverage ratios. Other factors include amortization, loan term, and estimated market value growth rate and volatility for the property type and region. The loan-to-value ratio compares the carrying amount of the loan to the fair value of the underlying property or properties collateralizing the loan, and is commonly expressed as a percentage. Loan-to-value ratios greater than indicate that the carrying amount of the loan exceeds the collateral value. A loan-to-value ratio less than indicates an excess of collateral value over the carrying amount of the loan. The debt service coverage ratio is a property s net operating income as a percentage of its debt service payments. Debt service coverage ratios less than indicates that property operations do not generate enough income to cover the loan s current debt payments. A debt service coverage ratio greater than indicates an excess of net operating income over the debt service payments. The values utilized in calculating these ratios are developed as part of the Company s periodic review of the commercial mortgage loan and agricultural property loan portfolios, which includes an internal appraisal of the underlying collateral value. The Company s periodic review also includes a quality re-rating process, whereby the internal quality rating originally assigned at underwriting is updated based on current loan, property and market information using a proprietary quality rating system. See Note 3 for additional information related to the loan-to-value ratios and debt service coverage ratios related to the Company s commercial mortgage and agricultural loan portfolios. 
 
 Annual expected loss rates are based on historical default and loss experience factors. Using average lives, the annual expected loss rates are converted into life-of-loan loss expectations. 
 
 When individual loans no longer have the credit risk characteristics of the commercial or agricultural mortgage loan pools, they are removed from the pools and are evaluated individually for an allowance. The allowance is determined based on the outstanding loan balance less the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

70 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

71 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

percent likely to be realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. This measurement considers the amounts and probabilities of the outcomes that could be realized upon ultimate settlement using the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

LIABILITIES 

73 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

and of the fair value of the domestic and foreign securities, respectively. The Company monitors the market value of the securities loaned on a daily basis with additional collateral obtained as necessary. Substantially all of the Company s securities lending transactions are with large brokerage firms and large banks. Income and expenses associated with securities lending transactions used to earn spread income are reported as "Net investment income". 
 
 of the fair value of the securities sold. Securities to be repurchased are the same, or substantially the same, as those sold. The majority of these transactions are with highly rated money market funds. Income and expenses related to these transactions executed within the insurance companies used to earn spread income are reported as Net investment income. 

74 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

REVENUES, BENEFITS AND EXPENSES 

75 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

76 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

77 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million decrease to million increase to "Total equity", largely from remeasuring in force contract liabilities using upper-medium grade fixed income instrument yields as of the transition date and from other changes in reserves. As of September 30, 2022, the Company estimates that the transition date impacts will significantly reverse, primarily as a result of increases in market interest rates from the January 1, 2021 transition date to September 30, 2022. In addition to the impacts to the balance sheet, the Company also expects an impact to the pattern of earnings emergence following the transition date. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

79 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

80 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government bonds U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities(1) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities(2) Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 (1) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by loan obligations, education loans, auto loans and home equity. 
 (2) Includes publicly-traded agency pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Allowance for Credit Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government authorities and agencies Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government bonds U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities(1) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities(2) Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 
 (1) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by loan obligations, education loans, auto loans and other asset types. 
 (2) Includes publicly-traded agency pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government bonds U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 
 December 31, 2021 Less Than Twelve Months Twelve Months or More Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government authorities and agencies Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government bonds U.S. public corporate securities U.S. private corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Foreign private corporate securities Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million and million, respectively, related to 1 highest quality or 2 high quality securities based on the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC or equivalent rating and million and million, respectively, related to other than high or highest quality securities based on NAIC or equivalent rating. As of December 31, 2022, the million of gross unrealized losses of twelve months or more were concentrated in the Company s corporate securities within the finance, consumer non-cyclical and utility sectors. As of December 31, 2021, the million of gross unrealized losses of twelve months or more were concentrated in the Company's corporate securities within the utility, finance and consumer non-cyclical sectors. 
 
 In accordance with its policy described in Note 2, the Company concluded that an adjustment to earnings for credit losses related to these fixed maturity securities was not warranted at December 31, 2022. This conclusion was based on a detailed analysis of the underlying credit and cash flows on each security. Gross unrealized losses are primarily attributable to increases in interest rates, general credit spread widening, foreign currency exchange rate movements and the financial condition or near-term prospects of the issuer. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not intend to sell these securities, and it was not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell these securities before the anticipated recovery of the remaining amortized cost basis. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. Asset-backed, commercial mortgage-backed and residential mortgage-backed securities are shown separately in the table above, as they do not have a single maturity date. 
 Proceeds from maturities/prepayments Gross investment gains from sales and maturities Gross investment losses from sales and maturities ) ) ) Write-downs recognized in earnings(2) ) ) ) (Addition to) release of allowance for credit losses ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Excludes activity from non-cash related proceeds due to the timing of trade settlements of ) million, ) million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Amounts represent write-downs of credit adverse securities and securities actively marketed for sale. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2020, amount also includes write-downs on securities approaching maturities related to foreign exchange movements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Additions to allowance for credit losses not previously recorded Reductions for securities sold during the period ) ) ) Reductions for securities with intent to sell ) ) ) Additions (reductions) on securities with previous allowance Balance, end of period 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury Securities and Obligations of U.S. States Foreign Government Bonds U.S. and Foreign Corporate Securities Asset-Backed Securities Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities Total (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale: Balance, beginning of period Additions to allowance for credit losses not previously recorded Reductions for securities sold during the period ) ) Additions (reductions) on securities with previous allowance ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Additions to allowance for credit losses not previously recorded Reductions for securities sold during the period ) ) Additions (reductions) on securities with previous allowance ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 See Note 2 for additional information about the Company s methodology for developing our allowance and expected losses. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net increase in the allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale securities was primarily related to net additions in the capital goods and utility sectors within private corporate securities due to adverse projected cash flows, partially offset by a net release on restructured private corporate securities within the communications and transportation sectors. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net increase in the allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale securities was primarily related to adverse projected cash flows on securities in the transportation and communications sectors within private corporate securities. 
 The Company did have any fixed maturity securities purchased with credit deterioration, as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Fixed Maturities, Trading 
 The net change in unrealized gains (losses) from fixed maturities, trading still held at period end, recorded within Other income (loss), was ) million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Equity Securities 
 The net change in unrealized gains (losses) from equity securities still held at period end, recorded within Other income (loss), was ) million, million and ) million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Hospitality Industrial Office Other Retail Total commercial mortgage loans Agricultural property loans Total commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total net commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the commercial mortgage and agricultural property loans were secured by properties geographically dispersed throughout the United States with the largest concentrations in California ), Texas and New York and included loans secured by properties in Europe ), Mexico and Australia ). 
 Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) Addition to (release of) allowance for expected losses ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Addition to (release of) allowance for expected losses Balance at December 31, 2021 Addition to (release of) allowance for expected losses Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 See Note 2 for additional information about the Company's methodology for developing our allowance and expected losses. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net increase in the allowance for credit losses on commercial mortgage and other loans was primarily related to loan originations and declining market conditions, partially offset by loan repayments and payoffs. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net increase in the allowance for credit losses on commercial mortgage and other loans was primarily related to portfolio growth, partially offset by the improving credit environment. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater or Equal to 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total Agricultural property loans Loan-to-Value Ratio: 0 -59.99 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater or Equal to 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater or Equal to 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total Agricultural property loans Loan-to-Value Ratio: 0 -59.99 60 -69.99 70 -79.99 80 or greater Total Debt Service Coverage Ratio: Greater or Equal to 1.2x 1.0 - 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total 
 
 See Note 2 for additional information about the Company s commercial mortgage and other loans credit quality monitoring process. 
 Agricultural property loans Total 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, there were loans in this category accruing interest. 
 (2) For additional information regarding the Company s policies for accruing interest on loans, see Note 2. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Agricultural property loans Total 
 
 (1) As of December 31, 2021, there were loans in this category accruing interest. 
 (2) For additional information regarding the Company s policies for accruing interest on loans, see Note 2. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million, respectively, of commercial mortgage loans acquired, other than those through direct origination. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million of commercial mortgage and other loans sold, respectively. 
 The Company did t have any commercial mortgage and other loans purchased with credit deterioration, as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Other Invested Assets 
 LPs/LLCs: Equity method: Private equity Hedge funds Real estate-related Subtotal equity method Fair value: Private equity Hedge funds Real estate-related Subtotal fair value Total LPs/LLCs Derivative instruments Total other invested assets 
 
 (1) Assets consist of investments in separate account funds. The largest fund was liquidated during 2022. 
 
 Equity Method Investments 

89 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Total liabilities(2) Partners capital Total liabilities and partners capital Total liabilities and partners capital included above Equity in LP/LLC interests not included above Carrying value 
 
 (1) Amount represents gross assets of each fund where the Company has a significant investment. These assets consist primarily of investments in real estate, investments in securities and other miscellaneous assets. 
 (2) Amount represents gross liabilities of each fund where the Company has a significant investment. These liabilities consist primarily of third-party-borrowed funds and other miscellaneous liabilities. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Total revenue(1) Total expenses(2) ) ) ) Net earnings (losses) Equity in net earnings (losses) included above ) Equity in net earnings (losses) of LP/LLC interests not included above Total equity in net earnings (losses) ) 
 
 (1) Amount represents gross revenue of each fund where the Company has a significant investment. This revenue consists of income from investments in real estate, investments in securities and other income. 
 (2) Amount represents gross expenses of each fund where the Company has a significant investment. These expenses consist primarily of interest expense, investment management fees, salary expenses and other expenses. 

Accrued Investment Income 
 
 Equity securities Commercial mortgage and other loans Policy loans Other invested assets Short-term investments and cash equivalents Total accrued investment income 
 
 There were and million of write-downs on accrued investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

90 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Commercial mortgage and other loans Policy loans Other invested assets Short-term investments and cash equivalents Gross investment income Less: investment expenses ) ) ) Net investment income 
 
 The carrying value of non-income producing assets included million in available-for-sale fixed maturities and less than million in fixed maturities trading as of December 31, 2022. Non-income producing assets represent investments that had not produced income for the twelve months preceding December 31, 2022. 
 Realized Investment Gains (Losses), Net) ) ) Commercial mortgage and other loans ) ) Other invested assets ) ) ) Derivatives(2) ) ) Short-term investments and cash equivalents ) ) Realized investment gains (losses), net ) ) 
 
 (1) Includes fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale and excludes fixed maturity securities classified as trading. 
 
 Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments within AOCI 
 Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale without an allowance ) Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges(1) ) Affiliated notes ) Other investments(2) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Repurchase Agreements and Securities Lending 
 In the normal course of business, the Company sells securities under agreements to repurchase and enters into securities lending transactions. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had repurchase agreements. 
 U.S. public corporate securities Foreign public corporate securities Equity securities Total cash collateral for loaned securities(1) 
 
 (1) The Company did t have any agreements with remaining contractual maturities greater than thirty days, as of the dates indicated. 
 Securities Pledged, Restricted Assets and Special Deposits 
 The Company pledges as collateral investment securities it owns to unaffiliated parties through certain transactions, including securities lending, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, collateralized borrowings and postings of collateral with derivative counterparties. 
 Equity securities Total securities pledged Liabilities supported by the pledged collateral: Cash collateral for loaned securities Total liabilities supported by the pledged collateral 
 In the normal course of its business activities, the Company accepts collateral that can be sold or repledged. The primary sources of this collateral are securities purchased under agreements to resell. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and of collateral that could be sold or repledged. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were available-for-sale fixed maturities of million and million, respectively, on deposit with governmental authorities or trustees as required by certain insurance laws. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

4. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

94 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) Foreign Currency Swaps ) ) Total Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments ) ) Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate Interest Rate Swaps ) ) Interest Rate Futures ) ) Interest Rate Swaptions ) ) Interest Rate Forwards ) ) Foreign Currency Foreign Currency Forwards ) ) Credit Credit Default Swaps Currency/Interest Rate Foreign Currency Swaps ) ) Equity Total Return Swaps ) ) Equity Options ) ) Futures ) ) Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments ) ) Total Derivatives(1)(2) ) ) 
 (1) Excludes embedded derivatives and associated reinsurance recoverables which contain multiple underlying risks. The fair value of these embedded derivatives was a net liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively included in "Future policy benefits" and million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively included in "Policyholders' account balances". Other assets included million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other liabilities included million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value of the related reinsurance, included in "Reinsurance recoverables" and/or "Reinsurance payables" was an asset of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Recorded in Other invested assets and Payables to parent and affiliates on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Total Assets ) ) Offsetting of Financial Liabilities: Derivatives ) ) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Total Liabilities ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Amounts of Recognized Financial Instruments Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position Financial Instruments/ Collateral(1) Net Amount (in thousands) Offsetting of Financial Assets: Derivatives ) Securities purchased under agreements to resell ) Total Assets ) ) Offsetting of Financial Liabilities: Derivatives ) ) Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Total Liabilities ) ) 
 
 (1) Amounts exclude the excess of collateral received/pledged from/to the counterparty. 
 For information regarding the rights of offset associated with the derivative assets and liabilities in the table above see Credit Risk below and Note 13. For securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, the Company monitors the value of the securities and maintains collateral, as appropriate, to protect against credit exposure. Where the Company has entered into repurchase and resale agreements with the same counterparty, in the event of default, the Company would generally be permitted to exercise rights of offset. For additional information on the Company s accounting policy for securities repurchase and resale agreements, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 The primary derivative instruments used by the Company in its cash flow hedge accounting relationships are currency swaps and interest rate swaps. These instruments are only designated for hedge accounting in instances where the appropriate criteria are met. The Company does not use futures, options, credit, or equity derivatives in any of its cash flow hedge accounting relationships. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) ) Currency/Interest Rate Total cash flow hedges Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate ) Currency Currency/Interest Rate Credit ) Equity Embedded Derivatives Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments Total 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Realized Investment Gains (Losses) Net Investment Income Other Income Change in AOCI (in thousands) Derivatives Designated as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Cash flow hedges Interest Rate ) Currency/Interest Rate Total cash flow hedges Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate ) Currency Currency/Interest Rate Credit Equity ) Embedded Derivatives(1) ) Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments ) Total ) 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Currency/Interest Rate ) ) ) Total cash flow hedges ) ) ) Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments: Interest Rate Currency ) Currency/Interest Rate ) ) Credit ) Equity Embedded Derivatives ) Total Derivatives Not Qualifying as Hedge Accounting Instruments ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Includes the impact from 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture, see Note 1 for further details. 

98 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Amount recorded in AOCI Interest Rate Currency/Interest Rate ) Total amount recorded in AOCI ) Amount reclassified from AOCI to income Interest Rate Currency/Interest Rate ) Total amount reclassified from AOCI to income ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Amount recorded in AOCI Interest Rate ) Currency/Interest Rate Total amount recorded in AOCI Amount reclassified from AOCI to income Interest Rate ) Currency/Interest Rate ) Total amount reclassified from AOCI to income ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Amount recorded in AOCI Interest Rate ) Currency/Interest Rate Total amount recorded in AOCI Amount reclassified from AOCI to income Interest Rate Currency/Interest Rate ) Total amount reclassified from AOCI to income ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 The changes in fair value of cash flow hedges are deferred in AOCI and are included in "Net unrealized investment gains (losses)" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss); these amounts are then reclassified to earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. Using December 31, 2022 values, it is estimated that a pre-tax gain of million is expected to be reclassified from AOCI to earnings during the subsequent twelve months ending December 31, 2023. 
 
 The exposures the Company is hedging with these qualifying cash flow hedges include the variability of the payment or receipt of interest or foreign currency amounts on existing financial instruments. 
 
 There were no material amounts reclassified from AOCI into earnings relating to instances in which the Company discontinued cash flow hedge accounting because the forecasted transaction did not occur by the anticipated date or within the additional time period permitted by the authoritative guidance for the accounting for derivatives and hedging. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These credit derivatives are reported at fair value as an asset of and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 the notional amount of these credit derivatives had million in NAIC 6. 
 The Company has purchased credit protection using credit derivatives in order to hedge specific credit exposures in the Company s investment portfolio. The Company has outstanding notional amounts of and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These credit derivatives are reported at fair value as an asset of and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties to financial derivative transactions with a positive fair value. The Company manages credit risk by entering into derivative transactions with regulated derivatives exchanges for exchange traded derivatives and its affiliate, Prudential Global Funding LLC PGF ), related to its over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives. PGF, in turn, manages its credit risk by: (i) entering into derivative transactions with highly rated major international financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties governed by master netting agreement, as applicable; (ii) trading through central clearing and OTC parties; (iii) obtaining collateral, such as cash and securities, when appropriate; and (iv) setting limits on single party credit exposures which are subject to periodic management review. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

5. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government bonds U.S. corporate public securities U.S. corporate private securities Foreign corporate public securities Foreign corporate private securities Asset-backed securities(2) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Subtotal Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Short-term investments Cash equivalents Other invested assets(3) ) Other assets Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Subtotal excluding separate account assets ) Separate account assets(4)(5) Total assets ) Future policy benefits(6) Policyholders' account balances Payables to parent and affiliates ) Other liabilities ) ) ) Total liabilities ) 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign government bonds U.S. corporate public securities U.S. corporate private securities Foreign corporate public securities Foreign corporate private securities Asset-backed securities(2) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Subtotal Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Short-term investments Cash equivalents Other invested assets(3) ) Other assets Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Subtotal excluding separate account assets ) Separate account assets(4)(5) Total assets ) Future policy benefits(6) Policyholders' account balances Payables to parent and affiliates ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) 
 
 (1) Netting amounts represent cash collateral of ) million and ) million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by syndicated bank loans, sub-prime mortgages, auto loans, credit cards, education loans and other asset types. 
 (3) Other invested assets excluded from the fair value hierarchy include certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other funds for which fair value is measured at net asset value ("NAV") per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of such investments were million and million, respectively. 
 (4) Separate account assets represent segregated funds that are invested for certain customers. Investment risks associated with market value changes are borne by the customers, except to the extent of minimum guarantees made by the Company with respect to certain accounts. Separate account liabilities are not included in the above table as they are reported at contract value and not fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 (5) Separate account assets included in the fair value hierarchy exclude investments in entities that calculate NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. Such investments excluded from the fair value hierarchy include investments in real estate, hedge funds and a corporate owned life insurance fund, for which fair value is measured at NAV per share (or its equivalent). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of such investments was million and million, respectively. 
 (6) As of December 31, 2022, the net embedded derivative liability position of million includes million of embedded derivatives in an asset position and million of embedded derivatives in a liability position. As of December 31, 2021, the net embedded derivative liability position of million includes million of embedded derivatives in an asset position and million of embedded derivatives in a liability position. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

104 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

105 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

106 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Discounted cash flow Discount rate Decrease Market Comparables EBITDA multiples(3) X X X Increase Reinsurance recoverables Fair values are determined using the same unobservable inputs as future policy benefits. Liabilities: Future policy benefits(4) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(6) Decrease Spread over SOFR(7) Decrease Utilization rate(8) Increase Withdrawal rate See table footnote (9) below. Mortality rate(10) Decrease Equity volatility curve Increase Policyholders' account balances(5) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(6) Decrease Spread over SOFR(7) Decrease Mortality rate(10) Decrease Equity volatility curve Increase Option Budget(11) ) Decrease 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Discounted cash flow Discount rate Decrease Market Comparables EBITDA multiples(3) X X X Increase Liquidation Liquidation Value Increase Reinsurance recoverables Fair values are determined using the same unobservable inputs as future policy benefits. Liabilities: Future policy benefits(4) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(6) Decrease Spread over LIBOR(7) Decrease Utilization rate(8) Increase Withdrawal rate See table footnote (9) below. Mortality rate(10) Decrease Equity volatility curve Increase Policyholders' account balances(5) Discounted cash flow Lapse rate(6) Decrease Spread over LIBOR(7) Decrease Mortality rate(10) Decrease Equity volatility curve Increase 
 (1) Conversely, the impact of a decrease in input would have the opposite impact on fair value as that presented in the table. 
 (2) Includes assets classified as fixed maturities, available-for-sale and fixed maturities trading. 
 (3) Represents multiples of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"), and are amounts used when the Company has determined that market participants would use such multiples when valuing the investments. 
 (4) Future policy benefits primarily represent general account liabilities for the living benefit features of the Company s variable annuity contracts which are accounted for as embedded derivatives. Since the valuation methodology for these liabilities uses a range of inputs that vary at the contract level over the cash flow projection period, presenting a range, rather than a weighted average, is a more meaningful representation of the unobservable inputs used in the valuation. 
 (5) Policyholders account balances primarily represent general account liabilities for the index-linked interest credited on certain of the Company s life and annuity products that are accounted for as embedded derivatives. Since the valuation methodology for these liabilities uses a range of inputs that vary at the contract level over the cash flow projection period, presenting a range, rather than a weighted average, is a more meaningful representation of the unobservable inputs used in the valuation. 
 (6) Lapse rates for contracts with living benefit guarantees are adjusted at the contract level based on the in-the-moneyness of the living benefit and reflect other factors, such as the applicability of any surrender charges. Lapse rates are reduced when contracts are more in-the-money. Lapse rates for contracts with index-linked crediting guarantees may be adjusted at the contract level based on the applicability of any surrender charges, product type, and market related factors such as interest rates. Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower for the period where surrender charges apply. For any given contract, lapse rates vary throughout the period over which cash flows are projected for the purposes of valuing these embedded derivatives. 
 (7) The spread over the SOFR swap curve and the LIBOR swap curve represents the premium added to the proxy for the risk-free rate (SOFR or LIBOR, as applicable) to reflect the Company's estimates of rates that a market participant would use to value the living benefits in both the accumulation and payout phases and index-linked interest crediting guarantees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This spread includes an estimate of NPR, which is the risk that the obligation will not be fulfilled by the Company. NPR is primarily estimated by utilizing the credit spreads associated with issuing funding agreements, adjusted for any illiquidity risk premium. In order to reflect the financial strength ratings of the Company, credit spreads associated with funding agreements, as opposed to credit spread associated with debt, are utilized in developing this estimate because funding agreements, living benefit guarantees, and index-linked interest crediting guarantees are insurance liabilities and are therefore senior to debt. 
 (8) The utilization rate assumption estimates the percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit during the contract duration and begin lifetime withdrawals at various time intervals from contract inception. The remaining contractholders are assumed to either begin lifetime withdrawals immediately or never utilize the benefit. Utilization assumptions may vary by product type, tax status and age. The impact of changes in these assumptions is highly dependent on the product type, the age of the contractholder at the time of the sale, and the timing of the first lifetime income withdrawal. Range reflects the utilization rate for the vast majority of business with living benefits. 
 (9) The withdrawal rate assumption estimates the magnitude of annual contractholder withdrawals relative to the maximum allowable amount under the contract. These assumptions vary based on the age of the contractholder, the tax status of the contract and the duration since the contractholder began lifetime withdrawals. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the minimum withdrawal rate assumption is and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the maximum withdrawal rate assumption may be greater than . The fair value of the liability will generally increase the closer the withdrawal rate is to and decrease as the withdrawal rate moves further away from . 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

to years old. While the majority of living benefits have a minimum age requirement, certain other contracts do not have an age restriction. This results in contractholders with mortality rates approaching for certain benefits. Mortality rates may vary by product, age, and duration. A mortality improvement assumption is also incorporated into the overall mortality table. 

Interrelationships Between Unobservable Inputs In addition to the sensitivities of fair value measurements to changes in each unobservable input in isolation, as reflected in the table above, interrelationships between these inputs may also exist, such that a change in one unobservable input may give rise to a change in another, or multiple, inputs. Examples of such interrelationships for significant internally-priced Level 3 assets and liabilities are as follows: 
 Corporate Securities The rate used to discount future cash flows reflects current risk-free rates plus credit and liquidity spread requirements that market participants would use to value an asset. The discount rate may be influenced by many factors, including market cycles, expectations of default, collateral, term, and asset complexity. Each of these factors can influence discount rates, either in isolation, or in response to other factors. During weaker economic cycles, as the expectations of default increases, credit spreads widen, which results in a decrease in fair value. 
 Future Policy Benefits The Company expects efficient benefit utilization and withdrawal rates to generally be correlated with lapse rates. However, behavior is generally highly dependent on the facts and circumstances surrounding the individual contractholder, such as their liquidity needs or tax situation, which could drive lapse behavior independent of other contractholder behavior assumptions. To the extent more efficient contractholder behavior results in greater in-the-moneyness at the contract level, lapse rates may decline for those contracts. Similarly, to the extent that increases in equity volatility are correlated with overall declines in the capital markets, lapse rates may decline as contracts become more in-the-money. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Foreign government Corporate securities(4) ) ) ) ) ) Structured securities(5) ) ) ) ) Other assets: Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities ) ) ) Short-term investments ) Cash equivalents Other assets ) ) Reinsurance recoverables ) ) Separate account assets ) ) ) Liabilities: Future policy benefits ) ) ) Policyholders' account balances(6) ) ) ) ) ) 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) ) ) ) Other assets: Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities ) ) Short-term investments ) Cash equivalents Other assets Reinsurance recoverables ) ) Separate account assets ) ) Liabilities: Future policy benefits Policyholders' account balances ) ) 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) Foreign government ) ) Corporate securities(4) ) ) ) ) ) Structured securities(5) ) ) ) Other assets: Fixed maturities, trading ) Equity securities Short-term investments ) Cash equivalents ) Other assets ) Reinsurance recoverables ) ) Separate account assets Liabilities: Future policy benefits ) ) ) Policyholders' account balances(6) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) Unrealized gains (losses) for assets still held(3) Realized investment gains (losses), net(1) Other income (loss) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) Net investment income Realized investment gains (losses), net Other income (loss) Included in other comprehensive income (loss) (in thousands) Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ) ) ) Other assets: Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Short-term investments Cash equivalents Other assets Reinsurance recoverables ) ) Separate account assets Liabilities: Future policy benefits Policyholders' account balances ) 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) Other assets: Fixed maturities, trading Equity securities Short-term investments Cash equivalents Other assets Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Liabilities: Future policy benefits ) ) Policyholders' account balances ) 
 (1) Realized investment gains (losses) on future policy benefits and reinsurance recoverables primarily represent the change in the fair value of the Company's living benefit guarantees on certain of its variable annuity contracts. Refer to Note 1 for impacts to Realized investments gains (losses), net related to the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture and the Affiliated Reinsurance Agreement. 
 (2) For current year "Other" in policyholders' account balances largely represent non-cash moves related to novated indexed variable annuities under the reinsurance agreement with FLIAC. See Note 9 for more details regarding these transactions. In addition, other assets and policyholders' account balances represents an out of period adjustment related to certain portions of reinsurance activity that had been incorrectly recorded on the balance sheet during the fourth quarter of 2021. Prior year represents non-cash transfers related to the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture. Refer to Note 1 for more details. 
 (3) Unrealized gains or losses related to assets still held at the end of the period do not include amortization or accretion of premiums and discounts. 
 (4) Includes U.S. corporate private, foreign corporate public, foreign corporate private securities and foreign government bonds. 
 (5) Includes asset-backed and commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 (6) Issuances and settlements for Policyholders' account balances are presented net in the rollforward. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Gains (Losses): Other invested assets ) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Carrying value after measurement as of period end: Investment in joint venture(1) Other invested assets 
 (1) Reported carrying value includes value as of the measurement period of June 30, 2022 for the Investment in joint venture. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Policy loans Short-term investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Policyholders account balances - investment contracts Cash collateral for loaned securities Short-term debt to affiliates Long-term debt to affiliates Payables to parent and affiliates Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 December 31, 2021 
 Fair Value Carrying Amount(1) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Total (in thousands) Assets: Commercial mortgage and other loans Policy loans Short-term investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Reinsurance recoverables Receivables from parent and affiliates Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Policyholders account balances - investment contracts Cash collateral for loaned securities Long-term debt to affiliates Payables to parent and affiliates Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

The fair values presented above have been determined by using available market information and by applying market valuation methodologies, as described in more detail below. 
 Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans 
 The fair value of most commercial mortgage loans is based upon the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the appropriate U.S. Treasury rate or foreign government bond rate (for non-U.S. dollar-denominated loans) plus an appropriate credit spread for loans of similar quality, average life and currency. The quality ratings for these loans, a primary determinant of the credit spreads and a significant component of the pricing process, are based on an internally-developed methodology. Certain commercial mortgage loans are valued incorporating other factors, including the terms of the loans, the principal exit strategies for the loans, prevailing interest rates and credit risk. 
 Policy Loans 
 The Company's valuation technique for policy loans is to discount cash flows at the current policy loan coupon rate. Policy loans are fully collateralized by the cash surrender value of underlying insurance policies. As a result, the carrying value of the policy loans approximates the fair value. 
 Short-Term Investments, Cash and Cash Equivalents, Accrued Investment Income, Receivables from Parent and Affiliates 
 The Company believes that due to the short-term nature of certain assets, the carrying value approximates fair value. These assets include: certain short-term investments, which are not securities, recorded at amortized cost; cash and cash equivalent instruments, accrued investment income. 
 Reinsurance Recoverables 
 Reinsurance recoverables include corresponding receivables associated with reinsurance arrangements between the Company and related parties. See Note 9 for additional information about the Company's reinsurance arrangements. 
 Other Assets 
 Other assets primarily consists of deposit assets related to the reinsurance agreements with Pruco Life and a third party reinsurer, which uses deposit accounting under U.S. GAAP. Also included are other assets that meet the definition of financial instruments, including receivables such as unsettled trades and accounts receivable. 
 Policyholders Account Balances - Investment Contracts 
 Only the portion of policyholders account balances related to products that are investment contracts (those without significant mortality or morbidity risk) are reflected in the table above. For fixed deferred annuities, payout annuities and other similar contracts without life contingencies, fair values are generally derived using discounted projected cash flows based on interest rates that are representative of the Company s financial strength ratings, and hence reflect the Company s own NPR. For those balances that can be withdrawn by the customer at any time without prior notice or penalty, the fair value is the amount estimated to be payable to the customer as of the reporting date, which is generally the carrying value. 
 Cash Collateral for Loaned Securities 
 Cash collateral for loaned securities represents the collateral received or paid in connection with loaning or borrowing securities. Due to the short-term nature of these transactions, the carrying value approximates fair value. 
 Debt 
 The fair value of short-term and long-term debt is generally determined by either prices obtained from independent pricing services, which are validated by the Company, or discounted cash flow models. These fair values consider the Company s own NPR. Discounted cash flow models predominately use market observable inputs such as the borrowing rates currently available to the Company for debt and financial instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities. For debt with a maturity of less than 90 days, the carrying value approximates fair value. 
 Other Liabilities and Payables to Parent and Affiliates 
 Other liabilities includes the funds withheld liability for assets retained under the reinsurance agreement that corresponds to the deposit assets above in "Other Assets". Also included are unsettled trades, drafts, and escrow deposits. Payables to parent and affiliates is primarily related to accrued expense payables. Due to the short term until settlement of most of these liabilities, the Company believes that carrying value approximates fair value. 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

6. 
 Capitalization of commissions, sales and issue expenses Amortization-Impact of assumption and experience unlocking and true-ups ) ) Amortization-All other ) ) ) Change due to unrealized investment gains and losses ) ) Other (1)(2)(3) ) Balance, end of year 
 (1) 2022 includes the impact of the reinsurance agreement with Lotus Reinsurance Company Ltd. ("Lotus Re"). See Note 9 for additional information. 
 (2) 2021 includes the impact of the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture as well as the assuming of DAC upon Affiliated Reinsurance Agreement with FLIAC. See Note 1 and Note 9 for additional information. 
 (3) 2020 represents the impact of the January 1, 2020 adoption of ASU 2016-13. 

7. 
 Individual annuities and supplementary contracts Other contract liabilities Total future policy benefits 

Life insurance liabilities include reserves for death benefits. Individual annuities and supplementary contract liabilities include reserves for life contingent immediate annuities and guaranteed minimum death benefits. Other contract liabilities include liabilities for variable annuity living benefit guarantees and certain other reserves for annuities and individual life products. 
 Future policy benefits for individual non-participating traditional life insurance policies are generally equal to the present value of future benefit payments and related expenses, less the present value of future net premiums. Assumptions as to mortality and persistency are based on the Company s experience, industry data, and/or other factors, when the basis of the reserve is established. Interest rates used in the determination of the present values range from to . 
 Future policy benefits for individual annuities and supplementary contracts with life contingencies are generally equal to the present value of expected future payments. Assumptions as to mortality are based on the Company s experience, industry data, and/or other factors, when the basis of the reserve is established. The interest rates used in the determination of the present values range from to ; less than of the reserves based on an interest rate in excess of . 
 The Company s liability for future policy benefits are primarily liabilities for guaranteed benefits related to certain long-duration life and annuity contracts. Liabilities for guaranteed benefits with embedded derivative features are primarily in "Other contract liabilities" in the table above. The interest rates used in the determination of the present values range from to . The remaining liabilities for guaranteed benefits are primarily reflected with the underlying contract. See Note 8 for additional information regarding liabilities for guaranteed benefits related to certain long-duration life and annuity contracts. 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Individual annuities Guaranteed interest accounts Other Total policyholders account balances 
 to . Interest crediting rates for individual annuities range from to . Interest crediting rates for guaranteed interest accounts range from to . Interest crediting rates for other range from to . 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

8. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

N/A N/A Net amount at risk N/A N/A Average attained age of contractholders years N/A years N/A Minimum return or contract value Account value Net amount at risk Average attained age of contractholders years years years years Average period remaining until earliest expected annuitization N/A years N/A years 
 (1) Balances are gross of reinsurance. 
 (2) Includes income and withdrawal benefits. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 In the Event of Death(1)(2) (in thousands) Variable Life, Variable Universal Life and Universal Life Contracts Separate account value General account value Net amount at risk Average attained age of contractholders years years 
 (1) Balances are gross of reinsurance. 
 
 Bond funds Money market funds Total 
 (1) Balances are gross of reinsurance. 
 In addition to the amounts invested in separate account investment options above, billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021 of account balances of variable annuity contracts with guarantees, inclusive of contracts with MVA features, were invested in general account investment options. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 there were no transfers of assets, other than cash, from the general account to any separate account, and accordingly no gains or losses recorded. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Incurred guarantee benefits(1) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) ) ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses Balance at December 31, 2020 Incurred guarantee benefits(1) ) ) ) ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Incurred guarantee benefits(1) ) ) ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) ) ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Incurred guarantee benefits include the portion of assessments established as additions to reserves as well as changes in estimates affecting the reserves. Also includes changes in the fair value of features considered to be derivatives. 
 
 The GMDB, which includes the liability for no-lapse guarantees, and GMIB liability are established when associated assessments (which include all policy charges including charges for administration, mortality, expense, surrender, and other, regardless of how characterized) are recognized. This liability is established using current best estimate assumptions and is based on the ratio of the present value of total expected excess payments (e.g., payments in excess of account value) over the life of the contract divided by the present value of total expected assessments (i.e., benefit ratio). The liability equals the current benefit ratio multiplied by cumulative assessments recognized to date, plus interest, less cumulative excess payments to date. Similar to as described above for DAC, the reserves are subject to adjustments based on annual reviews of assumptions and quarterly adjustments for experience, including market performance. These adjustments reflect the impact on the benefit ratio of using actual historical experience from the issuance date to the balance sheet date plus updated estimates of future experience. The updated benefit ratio is then applied to all prior periods assessments to derive an adjustment to the reserve recognized through a benefit or charge to current period earnings. 
 The GMAB features provide the contractholder with a guaranteed return of initial account value or an enhanced value if applicable. The most significant of the Company s GMAB features are the guaranteed return option features, which includes an automatic rebalancing element that reduces the Company s exposure to these guarantees. The GMAB liability is calculated as the present value of future expected payments in excess of the account balance less the present value of future expected rider fees attributable to the embedded derivative feature. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Capitalization Amortization - Impact of assumption and experience unlocking and true-ups Amortization - All other ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses Other (1) Balance at December 31, 2021 Capitalization Amortization - Impact of assumption and experience unlocking and true-ups ) Amortization - All other ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses Balance at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Represents the impact of the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture. 
 There were deferred sales inducements balances at December 31, 2020 because they were fully ceded. 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

9. 
 Policy loans ) ) Deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) Deferred sales inducements ) ) Other assets(1) Policyholders account balances(1) Future policy benefits Other liabilities(1) 
 (1) Prior period has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation to include reinsurance agreements using the deposit method of accounting. 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Other assets Policyholders' account balances Future policy benefits Other liabilities 
 (1) Prior period has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 
 The deposit assets on reinsurance totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The funds withheld liabilities totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 PALAC(1) PURC PARCC GUL Re PAR Term Prudential Insurance Term Re Lotus Re DART Unaffiliated(1) Total reinsurance recoverables 
 (1) Due to the sale of PALAC on April 1, 2022 the reinsurance recoverable balance has become unaffiliated. 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net premiums Policy charges and fee income: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net policy charges and fee income Net investment income: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net investment income Asset administration fees: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net asset administration fees Other income (loss): Direct ) Assumed ) ) Ceded ) Amortization of reinsurance income Net other income ) Realized investment gains (losses), net: Direct(1) ) Assumed(1) ) Ceded(1) ) ) Realized investment gains (losses), net ) ) Policyholders benefits (including change in reserves): Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net policyholders benefits (including change in reserves) Interest credited to policyholders account balances: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net interest credited to policyholders account balances ) Reinsurance expense allowances and general and administrative expenses, net of capitalization and amortization ) ) ) 
 (1) Prior period has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation to include reinsurance agreements using the deposit method of accounting. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Ceded ) ) ) Policy charges and fee income: Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net investment income: Ceded Other income (loss): Assumed ) Realized investment gains (losses), net: Assumed Ceded ) ) Policyholders' benefits (including change in reserves): Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Interest credited to policyholders' account balances: Assumed ) 
 (1) Prior period has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
 
 Assumed gross life insurance face amount in force Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Net life insurance face amount in force 
 
 Information regarding significant affiliated reinsurance agreements is described below. 
 PAR U 
 Pruco Life reinsures an amount equal to of all the risks associated with Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees as well as certain of its universal policies, with effective dates prior to January 1, 2011. 
 Effective July 1, 2012, PLNJ reinsures an amount equal to of all the risks associated with Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees as well as certain of its universal policies, with effective dates through December 31, 2019, excluding those policies that are subject to principle-based reserving. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

of all the risks associated with its Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees as well as certain of its universal policies, with effective dates from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2013 with PURC and of all the risks associated with Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees, as well as certain of its universal policies, with effective dates from January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2016. 
 PARCC 
 Prior to July 1, 2019, the Company reinsured of the risks under its term life insurance policies, with effective dates prior to January 1, 2010 through an automatic coinsurance agreement with PARCC. Effective July 1, 2019, the Company amended the coinsurance agreement to increase the percentage from to of the policy risk amount reinsured. The amended agreement does not impact contracts issued by PLNJ, which remain at the original percentage. 
 GUL Re 
 Effective January 1, 2017, Pruco Life entered into an automatic coinsurance agreement with GUL Re to reinsure an amount equal to of all the risks associated with Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees, as well as certain of its universal policies, with effective dates on or after January 1, 2017 through December 31, 2019, excluding those policies that are subject to principle-based reserving. 
 Effective July 1, 2017, Pruco Life amended this agreement to include of Universal Protector policies having no-lapse guarantees as well as certain of its universal policies with effective dates prior to January 1, 2014. 
 PAR Term 
 Prior to July 1, 2019, the Company reinsures of the risks under its term life insurance policies with effective dates January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2013, through an automatic coinsurance agreement with PAR Term. Effective July 1, 2019, the Company amended the coinsurance agreement to increase the percentage from to of the policy risk amount reinsured. The amended agreement does not impact contracts issued by PLNJ, which remain at the original percentage. 
 Prudential of Taiwan 
 On January 31, 2001, Pruco Life transferred all of its assets and liabilities associated with its Taiwanese branch, including its Taiwanese insurance book of business, to Prudential of Taiwan. The mechanism used to transfer this block of business in Taiwan is referred to as a full acquisition and assumption transaction. Under this mechanism, Pruco Life is jointly liable with Prudential of Taiwan for from the giving of notice to all obligees for all matured obligations and for after the maturity date of not-yet-matured obligations. Prudential of Taiwan is also contractually liable, under indemnification provisions of the transaction, for any liabilities that may be asserted against Pruco Life. 
 The transfer of the insurance related assets and liabilities was accounted for as a long-duration coinsurance transaction under U.S. GAAP. Under this accounting treatment, the insurance related liabilities remain on the books of Pruco Life and an offsetting reinsurance recoverable is established. These assets and liabilities are denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

of the risks under its term life insurance policies, with effective dates on or after January 1, 2014, through December 31, 2017, through an automatic coinsurance agreement with Term Re. 
 Prudential Insurance 
 The Company has a yearly-renewable term ("YRT") reinsurance agreement with Prudential Insurance and reinsures the majority of all mortality risks not otherwise reinsured. This agreement was terminated for new business effective January 1, 2020, with certain new business (primarily Universal Life policies) terminated as early as 2017. The Company now reinsures a portion of the mortality risk directly to third-party reinsurers and retains all of the non-reinsured portion of the mortality risk. Effective July 1, 2019, certain term life insurance policies were recaptured and subsequently reinsured to PARCC and PAR Term as noted above. As of January 1, 2022, most of the variable life insurance policies were recaptured resulting in a million loss recorded through "Policy charges and fee income." Those policies were then reinsured to Lotus Re as mentioned below. 
 On January 2, 2013, Pruco Life began to assume GUL business from Prudential Insurance in connection with the acquisition of the Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. ("Hartford Financial"). The GUL business assumed from Prudential Insurance was subsequently retroceded to PAR U. In May 2018, Hartford Financial sold a group of operating subsidiaries, which includes two of Prudential Insurance's counterparties to these reinsurance arrangements. There was no impact to the terms, rights or obligations of Prudential Insurance, or operation of these reinsurance arrangements, as a result of this change in control of such counterparties. Similarly, there was no impact to the Company's reinsurance arrangements with respect to such GUL business as a result of this change in control. In January 2021, there was a definitive agreement announced to subsequently sell the two counterparties mentioned above, which were then acquired by Sixth Street in July 2021. There was no impact to the terms, rights or obligations of the Company, or operation of these reinsurance arrangements, as a result of this change in control of such counterparties. 
 The Company has reinsured a group annuity contract with Prudential Insurance, in consideration for a single premium payment by the Company, providing reinsurance equal to of all payments due under the contract. 
 Effective April 1, 2016, PLNJ entered into a reinsurance agreement to reinsure its variable annuity base contracts, along with the living benefit guarantees to Prudential Insurance. This reinsurance agreement covers new and in-force business. 
 Lotus Re 
 Effective October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an automatic coinsurance agreement with Lotus Re to reinsure million worth of liabilities associated with the risks associated with a portion of its Variable Life policies in the extended term policy status. 
 Effective January 1, 2022 the Company recaptured the risks that were previously ceded to Lotus Re from October 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Immediately thereafter, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with Lotus Re to cede of the risks associated with a closed block of Variable Life business on a coinsurance and modified coinsurance basis including policies in the extended term policy status. The amount of the net liabilities associated with the transaction for coinsurance and modified coinsurance were million and million, respectively. As part of the consideration, the Company also ceded to Lotus Re million of policy loan assets associated with the reinsured policies while receiving million in cash from Lotus Re. As a result, the Company recorded a million deferred gain, which will be recognized over the remaining life of the underlying policies. In tandem with the transaction, effective January 1, 2022, Lotus Re established an automatic YRT agreement with the Company to cede back a portion of the mortality risks associated with the reinsured policies for the purposes of the Company maintaining YRT reinsurance with external counterparties. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

of the risks associated with its term life insurance policies with effective dates on or after January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2019, excluding those policies that are subject to principle-based reserving. 
 
 Information regarding significant third-party reinsurance arrangements is described below. 
 
 FLIAC 
 Effective December 1, 2021, the Company entered into a reinsurance agreement with FLIAC under which the Company assumed all of its indexed variable annuities. The reinsurance of the indexed variable annuities transfers all significant risks, including mortality risk, embedded in the reinsured contracts to the Company. As a result of the agreement, Reinsurance recoverables includes the assumed modified coinsurance arrangement, which reflects the value of the invested assets retained by FLIAC and the associated asset returns. The Company also assumed all of FLIAC s fixed indexed annuities and fixed annuities with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal income feature which are accounted for under deposit accounting. The reinsurance agreement offers the policyholders the opportunity to novate their contracts from FLIAC to the Company and any such novated contracts shall cease to be reinsured under this agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the total account value of contracts novated from FLIAC to the Company were billion for indexed variable annuities contracts and billion for fixed annuities and fixed indexed annuities contracts, which is approximately of the total reinsured block. 
 Union Hamilton 
 of the new business related to highest daily living benefits rider guarantees on HDI v.3.0 product, available with Prudential Premier billion of HDI v.3.0 account values are reinsured to Union Hamilton. 

10.) ) State and local Total ) ) Deferred tax expense (benefit): U.S. federal ) Total ) Total income tax expense (benefit) on income (loss) before equity in earnings of operating joint ventures ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) on equity in earnings of operating joint ventures ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) reported in equity related to: Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

applicable for 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the reported income tax expense (benefit) are summarized as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Expected federal income tax expense (benefit) ) Non-taxable investment income ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Changes in tax law ) ) Other Reported income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) ) 
 The effective tax rate is the ratio of Income tax expense (benefit) divided by Income (loss) from operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint venture. The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 was ) , and ) , respectively. The following is a description of items that had a significant impact on the difference between the Company s statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of applicable for 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the Company s effective tax rate during the periods presented: 
 Non-Taxable Investment Income . The U.S. Dividends Received Deduction DRD reduces the amount of dividend income subject to U.S. tax and is included in most of the non-taxable investment income shown in the table above. More specifically, the U.S. DRD constitutes million of the total million of 2022 non-taxable investment income, million of the total million of 2021 non-taxable investment income, and million of the total million of 2020 non-taxable investment income. The DRD for the current period was estimated using information from 2021, current year investment results, and current year s equity market performance. The actual current year DRD can vary based on factors such as, but not limited to, changes in the amount of dividends received that are eligible for the DRD, changes in the amount of distributions received from fund investments, changes in the account balances of variable life and annuity contracts, and the Company s taxable income before the DRD. 
 Tax credits . These amounts primarily represent tax credits relating to foreign taxes withheld on the Company s separate account investments. 
 Changes in Tax Law . The following is a notable change in tax law that impacted the Company s effective tax rate for the periods presented: 
 The CARES Act. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted into law. One provision of the CARES Act amends the Tax Act of 2017 and allows companies with net operating losses NOLs originating in 2020, 2019 or 2018 to carry back those losses for up to five years. For 2020, the Company recorded an income tax benefit of million from carrying the 2020 NOL back to tax years that have a tax rate. 
 Other . This line item represents reconciling items that are individually less than of the computed expected federal income tax expense (benefit) and have therefore been aggregated for purposes of this reconciliation in accordance with relevant disclosure guidance. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Investments Net unrealized loss on securities Other Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred policy acquisition cost Deferred sales inducements Net unrealized gain on securities Investments Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 The application of U.S. GAAP requires the Company to evaluate the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance if necessary to reduce the deferred tax asset to an amount that is more likely than not expected to be realized. Considerable judgment is required in determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary, and if so, the amount of such valuation allowance. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers many factors, including: (1) the nature of the deferred tax assets and liabilities; (2) whether they are ordinary or capital; (3) in which tax jurisdictions they were generated and the timing of their reversal; (4) taxable income in prior carryback years as well as projected taxable earnings exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards; (5) the length of time that carryovers can be utilized in the various taxing jurisdictions; (6) any unique tax rules that would impact the utilization of the deferred tax assets; and (7) any tax planning strategies that the Company would employ to avoid a tax benefit from expiring unused. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, will be realized. 
 Changes in market conditions during 2022, including rising interest rates, resulted in the recording of deferred tax assets related to net unrealized tax capital losses. When assessing recoverability of these deferred tax assets, we consider our ability and intent to hold the underlying securities to recovery in value, if necessary, as well as other factors as noted above. As of December 31 2022, based on all available evidence, including capital loss carryback capacity, we concluded that the deferred tax assets related to the unrealized tax capital losses on the available for sale securities portfolios are, more likely than not, expected to be realized. 
 The Company had no valuation allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Adjustments to the valuation allowance will be made if there is a change in management s assessment of the amount of deferred tax asset that is realizable. 
 The Company s Income (loss) from operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of operating joint venture includes income from domestic operations of million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Tax Audit and Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The Company s liability for income taxes includes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and interest that relate to tax years still subject to review by the IRS or other taxing authorities. The completion of review or the expiration of the Federal statute of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the liability for income taxes. 
 The Company had no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The Company does not anticipate any significant changes within the next twelve months to its total unrecognized tax benefits related to tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired. 
 The Company classifies all interest and penalties related to tax uncertainties as income tax expense (benefit). The company did not recognize tax related interest and penalties. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company remains subject to examination in the U.S. for tax years 2014 through 2022. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

11. Change in OCI before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Change in OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Change in OCI before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes cash flow hedges of million, million, and ) million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Net unrealized investment gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities(4) ) ) ) Total net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Total reclassifications for the period ) 
 (1) All amounts are shown before tax. 
 (2) Positive amounts indicate gains/benefits reclassified out of AOCI. Negative amounts indicate losses/costs reclassified out of AOCI. 
 (3) See Note 4 for additional information regarding cash flow hedges. 
 (4) See table below for additional information regarding unrealized investment gains (losses), including the impact on DAC and other costs, future policy benefits, policyholders account balances and other liabilities. 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

133 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

) ) Reclassification due to implementation of ASU 2016-13 (6) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) on investments arising during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income ) Reclassification due to allowance for credit losses recorded during the period ) Impact of net unrealized investment (gains) losses ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) on investments arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income ) ) ) Reclassification due to allowance for credit losses recorded during the period ) Impact of net unrealized investment (gains) losses ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) on investments arising during the period ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income ) ) Reclassification due to allowance for credit losses recorded during the period ) Impact of net unrealized investment (gains) losses ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

12. 
 ) Statutory capital and surplus(1) (1) . 
 The Company does not utilize prescribed or permitted practices that vary materially from the statutory accounting practices prescribed by the NAIC. 
 The Company is subject to Arizona law, which limits the amount of dividends that insurance companies can pay to stockholders without approval of the AZDOI. The maximum dividend, which may be paid in any twelve-month period without notification or approval, is limited to the lesser of of statutory surplus as of December 31 of the preceding year or the net gain from operations of the preceding calendar year. Cash dividends may only be paid out of surplus derived from realized net profits. The Company must obtain approval from AZDOI prior to paying a dividend if the dividend, together with other dividend distributions made within the preceding twelve months, would exceed the lesser of of statutory surplus or net gain from operations. Based on these limitations, there is capacity to pay a dividend in 2023 without prior approval. The Company did pay dividends to Prudential Insurance in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

13. 
 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The expense charged to the Company for the deferred compensation program was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company is also charged for its share of the costs associated with welfare plans issued by Prudential Insurance. These expenses include costs related to medical, dental, life insurance and disability. The Company's share of net expense for the welfare plans was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Prudential Insurance sponsors voluntary savings plans for its employee 401(k) plans. The plans provide for salary reduction contributions by employees and matching contributions by the Company of up to of annual salary. The Company s expense for its share of the voluntary savings plan was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company is charged distribution expenses from Prudential s proprietary nationwide sales organization, Prudential Advisors through a transfer pricing agreement, which is intended to reflect a market-based pricing arrangement. Prudential Advisors distributes Prudential life insurance, annuities, and investment products with proprietary and non-proprietary product options. 
 The Company pays commissions and certain other fees to Prudential Annuities Distributors, Inc. PAD in consideration for PAD s marketing and underwriting of the Company s annuity products. Commissions and fees are paid by PAD to broker-dealers who sell the Company s annuity products. Commissions and fees paid by the Company to PAD were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company is charged for its share of corporate expenses incurred by Prudential Financial to benefit its businesses, such as advertising, executive oversight, external affairs and philanthropic activity. The Company s share of corporate expenses was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Corporate Owned Life Insurance COLI policies to Prudential Insurance, and to Prudential Financial. The cash surrender value included in separate accounts for these COLI policies was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. Fees related to these COLI policies were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company reinsures the risk associated with these COLI policies to an affiliate reinsurer as part of a broader program related to variable insurance policies. 
 Affiliated Investment Management Expenses 
 In accordance with an agreement with PGIM, Inc. ("PGIM"), the Company pays investment management expenses to PGIM who acts as investment manager to certain Company general account and separate account assets. Investment management expenses paid to PGIM related to this agreement were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These expenses are recorded as Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Derivative Trades 
 In its ordinary course of business, the Company enters into OTC derivative contracts with an affiliate, PGF. For these OTC derivative contracts, PGF has a substantially equal and offsetting position with an external counterparty. See Note 4 for additional information. 
 The interest income to the Company from PGF related to affiliated cash collateral was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Joint Ventures 
 The Company has made investments in joint ventures with certain subsidiaries of Prudential Financial. "Other invested assets" includes million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. "Net investment income" related to these ventures include gains of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These revenues are recorded as Asset administration fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These revenues are recorded as Asset administration fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 
 - Total long-term notes receivable - affiliated(1) 
 (1) All long-term notes receivable may be called for prepayment prior to the respective maturity dates under specified circumstances. 
 The affiliated notes receivable shown above are classified as available-for-sale securities and other trading assets carried at fair value. The Company monitors the internal and external credit ratings of these loans and loan performance. The Company also considers any guarantees made by Prudential Insurance for loans due from affiliates. 
 Accrued interest receivable related to these loans was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is included in Other assets. Revenues related to these loans was million, million and million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in Other income (loss). 
 Affiliated Commercial Mortgage Loan 
 
 This affiliated commercial mortgage loan was transferred from PALAC as part of the 2021 Variable Annuities Recapture. See Note 1 for details. 
 The commercial mortgage loan shown above is carried at unpaid principal balance, net of unamortized deferred loan origination fees and expenses, and net of an allowance for losses. The Company reviews the performance and credit quality of the commercial mortgage loan on an on-going basis. 
 Accrued interest receivable related to the loan was million and million for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in "Accrued investment income". Revenues were million and million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in "Net investment income." 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Prudential Insurance September 2021 Purchase Fixed Maturities ) Prudential Insurance September 2021 Sale Fixed Maturities Hirakata LLC September 2021 Purchase Fixed Maturities Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co September 2021 Purchase Fixed Maturities Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co September 2021 Sale Fixed Maturities Prudential Insurance September 2021 Purchase Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans ) Prudential Insurance September 2021 Sale Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co September 2021 Purchase Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co September 2021 Sale Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans Prudential Insurance September 2021 Purchase Derivatives ) Prudential Insurance September 2021 Sale Derivatives Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co September 2021 Purchase Derivatives ) ) Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co September 2021 Sale Derivatives PARU November 2021 Purchase Fixed Maturities PALAC November 2021 Purchase Derivatives PALAC December 2021 Transfer in Fixed Maturities 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

PALAC December 2021 Purchase Fixed Maturities PALAC December 2021 Transfer in Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans Prudential Insurance December 2021 Contributed Capital Fixed Maturities Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co December 2021 Sale Derivatives Prudential Retirement Insurance Annuity Co December 2021 Purchase Derivatives PALAC December 2021 Purchase Derivatives PALAC January 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities PALAC January 2022 Purchase Derivatives PALAC February 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities PARU April 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities Prudential Insurance May 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities Prudential Insurance June 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities ) Prudential Insurance June 2022 Transfer In Fixed Maturities ) Prudential Insurance June 2022 Transfer Out Fixed Maturities ) PARU June 2022 Purchase Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans PARU June 2022 Sale Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans ) GUL RE June 2022 Purchase Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans GUL RE June 2022 Sale Commercial Mortgage and Other Loans ) 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

Prudential Insurance July 2022 Transfer In Fixed Maturities PARU July 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities Prudential Insurance August 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities ) Vantage Casualty Insurance Company September 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities WH Warehouse Ltd October 2022 Sale Fixed Maturities PARU November 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities Prudential Insurance December 2022 Purchase Fixed Maturities 
 
 Debt Agreements 
 The Company is authorized to borrow funds up to billion from affiliates to meet its capital and other funding needs. 
 12/15/2023 Prudential Insurance 8/13/2021 12/15/2023 Prudential Insurance 8/13/2021 6/20/2024 Prudential Insurance 8/13/2021 6/20/2024 Prudential Insurance 8/13/2021 6/20/2024 Prudential Funding, LLC 12/28/2022 1/31/2023 Prudential Funding, LLC 12/29/2022 1/31/2023 Prudential Funding, LLC 12/30/2022 1/31/2023 Total Loans Payable to Affiliates 
 Effective August 2021, the affiliated long-term debt was transferred to the Company from PALAC based on the market value of million. The Company recorded a premium of million which is amortized into earnings over the life of the loans. 
 The total interest expense to the Company related to affiliated loans was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Contributed Capital and Dividends 
 In February 2023, the Company received a capital contribution in the amount of million from Prudential Insurance. In March, June and September of 2022, the Company received capital contributions in the amount of million, million and million, respectively, from Prudential Insurance. In January, July and December of 2021, the Company received capital contributions in the amounts of million, million and million, respectively, from Prudential Insurance. The December 2021 capital contribution includes million of invested assets related to the affiliated reinsurance agreement with PALAC. In June, September and December of 2020, the Company received capital contributions in the amounts of million, million and million, respectively, from Prudential Insurance. 
 140 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million return of capital to Prudential Insurance associated with the financial guarantee related to the sale of Prudential of Taiwan. There was return of capital in 2022 or 2020. 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did pay any dividends to Prudential Insurance. 
 Reinsurance with Affiliates 
 As discussed in Note 9, the Company participates in reinsurance transactions with certain affiliates. 

14. 
 million and million, respectively. These amounts include unfunded commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable. For related credit exposure, there was an allowance for credit losses o f million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is a change o f million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also made commitments to purchase or fund investments, mostly private fixed maturities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of these commitments were outstanding. These amounts include unfunded commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable. There were related charges for credit losses for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Guarantees 
 In July 2017, the Company formed a joint venture with CT Corp to provide life insurance solutions in Indonesia. The Company owns a interest in the joint venture and has entered into a shareholders agreement with CT Corp that sets out their respective rights and obligations with respect to the joint venture. Among other things, the shareholders agreement obligates the Company and CT Corp to provide capital to the joint venture, as necessary to comply with applicable law or to maintain a specified minimum amount of capital in the joint venture. This obligation is not limited to a maximum amount. The Company does not expect to make any payments on this guarantee and is not carrying any liabilities associated with the guarantee. 
 Since 2001, the Company entered into an arrangement with Prudential of Taiwan as discussed in Note 9. In June 2021, PIIH completed the sale of Prudential of Taiwan. As a result of the sale, the Company has a financial guarantee to stand ready to perform in an event that both Prudential of Taiwan and the Buyer default and fail to perform their obligations to make payments to the policyholders. The Company has a liability of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which represents the fair value of the guarantee and is amortized in revenue over a period which approximates the life of the underlying insurance in force. Since this obligation is not subject to limitations, it is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount due under this guarantee. 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 On an ongoing basis, the Company and its regulators review its operations including, but not limited to, sales and other customer interface procedures and practices, and procedures for meeting obligations to its customers and other parties. These reviews may result in the modification or enhancement of processes or the imposition of other action plans, including concerning management oversight, sales and other customer interface procedures and practices, and the timing or computation of payments to customers and other parties. In certain cases, if appropriate, the Company may offer customers or other parties remediation and may incur charges, including the cost of such remediation, administrative costs and regulatory fines. 
 The Company is subject to the laws and regulations of states and other jurisdictions concerning the identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed or abandoned funds, and is subject to audit and examination for compliance with these requirements. 
 It is possible that the results of operations or the cash flows of the Company in a particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected as a result of payments in connection with the matters discussed above or other matters depending, in part, upon the results of operations or cash flows for such period. Management believes, however, that ultimate payments in connection with these matters, after consideration of applicable reserves and rights to indemnification, should not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position. 
 141 

Table of Contents 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

million. This estimate is not an indication of expected loss, if any, or the Company's maximum possible loss exposure on such matters. The Company reviews relevant information with respect to its litigation and regulatory matters on a quarterly and annual basis and updates its accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible loss based on such reviews. 
 Moreland, Socorro v. PICA, et al. 
 In June 2020, a putative class action complaint entitled Socorro Moreland v. The Prudential Insurance Company of America; Pruco Life Insurance Company, was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that the Company failed to comply with California laws requiring that life insurance policies issued and delivered in California: (i) provide for a 60-day grace period pre-lapse during which a policy must stay in force; (ii) provide a 30-day written notice of pending lapse; and (iii) notify policyowners of their right to designate additional recipients for lapse notices. The complaint asserts claims for violation of California law, breach of contract, unfair competition, and bad faith violation of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and seeks unspecified damages, declaratory and injunctive relief. In August 2020, defendants filed an answer to the complaint and a motion to stay the action pending the California Supreme Court s decision, in McHugh v. Protective Life Insurance, on the question of whether the California lapse statutes apply to policies that were in force when the statutes went into effect on January 1, 2013, or solely to policies issued after that date. The Moreland court granted defendants motion to stay in October 2020. Subsequently, in August 2021, the California Supreme Court in McHugh determined that the California lapse statutes apply to policies that were in force as of January 1, 2013. In October 2021, the Moreland court lifted the stay order. In December 2022, plaintiff filed a motion for class certification. 
 
 Regulatory 
 Variable Products 
 The Company has received regulatory inquiries and requests for information from state and federal regulators, including subpoenas from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, concerning the appropriateness of variable product sales and replacement activity. The Company is cooperating with regulators and may become subject to additional regulatory inquiries and other actions related to this matter. 
 Summary 
 The Company s litigation and regulatory matters are subject to many uncertainties, and given their complexity and scope, their outcome cannot be predicted. It is possible that the Company s results of operations or cash flows in a particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by an ultimate unfavorable resolution of pending litigation and regulatory matters depending, in part, upon the results of operations or cash flows for such period. In light of the unpredictability of the Company s litigation and regulatory matters, it is also possible that in certain cases an ultimate unfavorable resolution of one or more pending litigation or regulatory matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. Management believes, however, that, based on information currently known to it, the ultimate outcome of all pending litigation and regulatory matters, after consideration of applicable reserves and rights to indemnification, is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 142 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Independent Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In order to ensure that the information we must disclose in our filings with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis, the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act Rule 15d-15(e), as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. No change in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 15d-15(f), occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 143 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I(2)(c) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information called for by this item is hereby incorporated herein by reference to the relevant portions of Prudential Financial's Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 9, 2023. 
 144 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 Page (a) (1) Financial Statements-Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties as of December 31, 2022 
 146 
 Any remaining schedules provided for in the applicable SEC regulations are omitted because they are either inapplicable or the relevant information is provided elsewhere within this Form 10-K. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 3.1 
 The Articles of Incorporation of Pruco Life Insurance Company (as amended through October 19, 1993) are incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to Registration Statement 002-89558, filed April 21, 2009 on behalf of the Pruco Life Variable Appreciable Account. 
 3.2 
 By-Laws of Pruco Life Insurance Company (as amended through May 6, 1997) are incorporated by reference to Registration Statement 002-89558, filed April 21, 2009 on behalf of the Pruco Life Variable Appreciable Account. 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24. Powers of Attorney. 
 31.1 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 906 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Section 906 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104. Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 145 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Schedule I 
 Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (in thousands) Obligations of U.S. states and their political subdivisions Foreign governments Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Public utilities All other corporate bonds Redeemable preferred stock Total fixed maturities, available-for-sale Equity securities: Common stocks: Other common stocks Mutual funds Perpetual preferred stocks Total equity securities, at fair value Fixed maturities, trading Commercial mortgage and other loans Policy loans Short-term investments Other invested assets Total investments 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 146 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 20th day of March 2023. 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (Registrant) By: /s/ Dylan J. Tyson Dylan J. Tyson President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 20, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ Dylan J. Tyson President, Dylan J. Tyson Chief Executive Officer and Director /s/ Robert E. Boyle Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer Robert E. Boyle and Director Nandini Mongia Director Nandini Mongia Salene Hitchcock-Gear Director Salene Hitchcock-Gear Markus Coombs Director Markus Coombs Candace J. Woods Director Candace J. Woods Caroline A. Feeney Director Caroline A. Feeney 
 By: /s/ Michael Pignatella Michael Pignatella (Attorney-in-Fact) 
 147 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 pruco-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-249231, 333-249229, 333-249219, 333-256967, and 333-256974) of Pruco Life Insurance Company of our report dated March 20, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 March 20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24>
 3
 pruco-20221231xex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert E. Boyle, William J. Evers, Dylan J. Tyson and Michael Pignatella, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, and to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), in connection with the filing with the Commission of an Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pruco Life Insurance Company (the Registrant for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign his or her name in his or her capacity as a member of the Board of Directors of the Registrant to the Form 10-K and such other form or forms as may be appropriate to be filed with the Commission as any of them may deem appropriate, together with all exhibits thereto, and to any and all amendments thereto and to any other documents filed with the Commission, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 14th day of February, 2023. 
 s Nandini Mongia 
 Nandini Mongia 
 Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert E. Boyle, William J. Evers, Dylan J. Tyson and Michael Pignatella, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, and to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), in connection with the filing with the Commission of an Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pruco Life Insurance Company (the Registrant for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign his or her name in his or her capacity as a member of the Board of Directors of the Registrant to the Form 10-K and such other form or forms as may be appropriate to be filed with the Commission as any of them may deem appropriate, together with all exhibits thereto, and to any and all amendments thereto and to any other documents filed with the Commission, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 17th day of February, 2023. 
 s Salene Hitchcock-Gear 
 Salene Hitchcock-Gear 
 Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert E. Boyle, William J. Evers, Dylan J. Tyson and Michael Pignatella, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, and to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), in connection with the filing with the Commission of an Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pruco Life Insurance Company (the Registrant for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign his or her name in his or her capacity as a member of the Board of Directors of the Registrant to the Form 10-K and such other form or forms as may be appropriate to be filed with the Commission as any of them may deem appropriate, together with all exhibits thereto, and to any and all amendments thereto and to any other documents filed with the Commission, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 13th day of February, 2023. 
 s Candace J. Woods 
 Candace J. Woods 
 Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert E. Boyle, William J. Evers, Dylan J. Tyson and Michael Pignatella, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, and to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), in connection with the filing with the Commission of an Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pruco Life Insurance Company (the Registrant for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign his or her name in his or her capacity as a member of the Board of Directors of the Registrant to the Form 10-K and such other form or forms as may be appropriate to be filed with the Commission as any of them may deem appropriate, together with all exhibits thereto, and to any and all amendments thereto and to any other documents filed with the Commission, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 17th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Markus Coombs 
 Markus Coombs 
 Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that the person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert E. Boyle, William J. Evers, Dylan J. Tyson and Michael Pignatella, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, and to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), in connection with the filing with the Commission of an Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pruco Life Insurance Company (the Registrant for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K ), including specifically, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the power and authority to sign his or her name in his or her capacity as a member of the Board of Directors of the Registrant to the Form 10-K and such other form or forms as may be appropriate to be filed with the Commission as any of them may deem appropriate, together with all exhibits thereto, and to any and all amendments thereto and to any other documents filed with the Commission, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorneys-in-fact, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 13th day of February, 2023. 

s Caroline A. Feeney 
 Caroline A. Feeney 
 Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pruco-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Dylan J. Tyson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pruco Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 20, 2023 
 
 s Dylan J. Tyson Dylan J. Tyson President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pruco-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Robert E. Boyle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pruco Life Insurance Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 20, 2023 
 
 s Robert E. Boyle Robert E. Boyle 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pruco-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, I, Dylan J. Tyson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Pruco Life Insurance Company (the Company ), hereby certify that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 20, 2023 
 
 s Dylan J. Tyson Dylan J. Tyson President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 pruco-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, I, Robert E. Boyle, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pruco Life Insurance Company (the Company ), hereby certify that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated March 20, 2023 
 
 s Robert E. Boyle Robert E. Boyle Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cik777917-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cik777917-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cik777917-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cik777917-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cik777917-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

