<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1449794_0001449794-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36768668</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254503</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1911083</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>22319064</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3038967</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8474516</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001449794-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317173044
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001449794-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Embassy Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001449794
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				263339011
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53528
		FILM NUMBER:		23744000

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 GATEWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BETHLEHEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-882-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 GATEWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			BETHLEHEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001449794-23-000007.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 emyb-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

emyb-20221231x10k 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year end or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________________ to __________________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None None None (Title of each class) (Trading symbol) (Name of each exchange on which registered) Securities registered under section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] [ X ] Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] [ X ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to filing requirements for the past 90 days. [ X ] No [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [ X ] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company . See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 or the Exchange Act.) Yes The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: COMMON STOCK Number of shares outstanding as of March 10, 2023 1.00 Par Value) (Title Class) (Outstanding Shares) 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Table of Contents Part I Item 1 Business 4 Item 1A Risk Factors 16 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 25 Item 2 Properties 25 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 25 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 25 Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and 26 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Item 6 [Reserved] 27 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 47 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 47 Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 48 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 49 Consolidated Balance Sheets 51 Consolidated Statements of Income 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 53 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 54 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 55 Notes to Financial Statements 57 Item 9 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 89 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 89 Item 9B Other Information 89 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 89 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 90 Item 11 Executive Compensation 90 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and 90 Related Stockholder Matters Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 90 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 90 Part IV Item 15 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 91 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 93 Signatures 94 

3 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

PART I Item 1 . BUSINESS. General Embassy Bancorp, Inc. (the Company is a Pennsylvania corporation organized in 2008 and registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ). The Company was formed for purposes of acquiring Embassy Bank For The Lehigh Valley (the Bank in connection with the reorganization of the Bank into a bank holding company structure, which was consummated on November 11, 2008. The reorganization enabled the Company to better compete and grow in its competitive and rapidly changing marketplace. Accordingly, the Company owns all of the capital stock of the Bank, giving the organization more flexibility in meeting its capital needs as the Company continues to grow. The Bank, which is the Company s principal operating subsidiary, was originally incorporated as a Pennsylvania bank on May 11, 2001 and opened its doors on November 6, 2001. It was formed by a group of local business persons and professionals with significant prior experience in community banking in the Lehigh Valley area of Pennsylvania, the Bank s primary market area. Mission The Company provides a traditional range of financial products and services to meet the depository and credit needs of individual consumers, small and medium sized businesses, and professionals in its market area. As a locally owned and operated community bank, there is a strong focus on service that is highly personalized, efficient, and responsive to local needs. It is the intention of the Company to deliver its products and services with the care and professionalism expected of a community bank and with a special dedication to personalized service. To create this environment, the Company employs an experienced, well-trained, and highly motivated staff, with interest in building quality client relationships using state-of-the-art delivery systems and client service facilities. The Company s executive leadership has extensive banking experience and establishes the Company s goal to serve the financial needs of its clients and provide a profitable return to its investors, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The Company focuses on obtaining and retaining customer relationships by offering a broad range of financial services, competitively priced and delivered in a responsive manner, with an emphasis on understanding the financial needs of its customers. Correspondent relationships are utilized where it is cost beneficial. The specific objectives of the Company are: 1) to provide individuals, professionals and local businesses with the highest standard of relationship banking in the local market; 2) to attract deposits and loans by offering state of the art products and services with competitive pricing; 3) to provide a reasonable return to shareholders on capital invested; and 4) to attract, train and retain a happy, motivated and team-oriented group of banking professionals dedicated to meeting the Company s objectives. Market Niche The Company provides the traditional array of commercial banking products and services emphasizing a one-on-one, sit down approach, for the delivery of products and services to consumers and businesses located in Lehigh and Northampton Counties in Pennsylvania. In the Company s primary market area, which is dominated by offices of large statewide, regional and interstate banking institutions, as well as non-bank financial service providers (such as credit unions, financial technology companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies and mortgage companies), the Company s banking services that are furnished in a friendly and courteous manner with a timely response to customer needs fill a niche that arises due to the continued loss of local institutions through merger and acquisitions. Deposits In order for the Company to attract and retain stable deposit relationships, the Company offers business cash management solution services to help local companies better manage their cash flow. The expertise and experience of 

 4 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

the Company s management coupled with the latest technology accessed through third party providers enables the Company to maximize the growth of business-related deposits. As for consumers, deposit growth is driven by a variety of factors including, but not limited to, population growth, bank and non-bank competition, local bank mergers and consolidations, increase in household income, interest rates, accessibility of location and the sales efforts of Company personnel. Time deposits can be attracted and increased by paying an interest rate higher than that offered by competitors, but are the costliest type of deposit. The most profitable type of deposits are non-interest bearing demand (checking) accounts, which can be attracted by offering free checking. However, both high interest rates and free checking accounts generate certain expenses for a bank and the desire to increase deposits must be balanced with the need to be profitable and the extent of banking relationships with the customers. The deposit services of the Company are generally comprised of demand deposits, savings deposits, money market deposits, time deposits and Individual Retirement Accounts. Loans The loan portfolio of the Company consists primarily of secured fixed and variable rate loans, with a significant concentration in commercial real estate transaction, consumer residential real estate mortgage, and home equity loans. While most credit facilities are appropriately collateralized, major emphasis is placed upon the financial condition of the borrower and evaluating the borrower s cash flow versus debt service requirements. The Company has an experienced lending and private banking team. The Company believes that the familiarity of its experienced leadership team and members of the Company s Loan Committee, in regard to prospective local borrowers, enables the Company to better evaluate the character, integrity, and creditworthiness of the prospective borrowers. Loan growth is driven by customer demand, which in turn is influenced by individual and business indebtedness and consumer demand for goods. The Company s loan and private banking officers call upon accountants, financial planners, attorneys, local realtors, and others to generate loans and loan referrals. Again, a balance between growth, credit risk and pricing are required to maintain performing loans for the Company, as lending money will always entail some risk. A performing loan is a loan which is being repaid according to its original terms and is the most desirable type of loan that a bank seeks to make, to support the generation of enough earnings for a bank to be profitable. The risk involved in each loan must, therefore, be carefully evaluated before the loan is made. The interest rate at which the loan is made should always reflect the risk factors involved, including the term of the loan, the value of collateral, if any, the reliability of the projected source of repayment and the amount of the loan requested. Credit quality will always be the Company s most important factor. The Company does not sell its mortgages into the secondary market, has not been involved in any sub-prime mortgage lending or lending to fintech start-ups or crypto currency and related companies. The Company has not purchased or invested in any securities backed by or which include sub-prime, fintech start-ups, or crypto currency loans. In 2020, as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act, the Company was approved to be a Paycheck Protection Program PPP lender. The Company had not previously been an approved Small Business Administration SBA 7(a) lender. The Company participated in the SBA s PPP under the CARES Act and subsequent 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act CAA ). Commercial Lending The Company typically targets businesses with annual revenues of less than 15 million, including business owners, operators of real estate, legal, and medical professionals. The Company offers responsiveness, flexibility and local decision making for loan applications of small business owners, thereby eliminating delays caused by non-local management. The Company participates in various local, state, and federal loan programs. 

 5 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Consumer Lending The Company offers its retail customer base a product line of consumer loan services, including mortgage loans, first time home buyer mortgages, secured home equity loans, lines of credit, auto loans, and, to a much lesser extent, unsecured personal loans. Residential Mortgage Loans The Company offers a range of specialty home equity and mortgage products, including competitively priced first time homeowner loans, which are retained and serviced by the Company. The Company also offers limited mortgage escrow services. The Company seeks to capitalize on its policy of closing loans in a time frame that will meet the needs of its borrowers. Commercial Mortgage/Construction Loans The Company originates various types of loans secured by real estate, including, to a limited extent, construction loans. Construction loans are generally priced at floating rates tied to current market rates. Upon completion of construction, these loans may be converted into permanent commercial and residential loans. Construction lending is expected to constitute a minor portion of the Company s loan portfolio. In some cases, the Company originates loans larger than its lending limit and enters into participation arrangements for those loans with other banks. As an independent community bank, the Company serves the special needs of legal, medical, accounting, financial service providers and other professionals. Commercial mortgages, lines of credit, term loans and demand loans are tailored to meet the needs of the Company s customers in the professional community. In addition to the usual criteria for pricing credit-related products, the Company takes into consideration the overall customer relationship to establish credit pricing. Deposit relationships in demand, savings, money market, and certificate accounts are considered in loan pricing, along with the credit worthiness of the borrower. Other Services To further attract and retain customer relationships, the Company currently provides or expects to provide the standard array of financial services expected of a community bank, which include the following: ACH Origination Credit/Debit Card Merchant Processing Person to Person Payments ATM and Debit Cards Direct Deposit/ACH Services Personal Financial Management Automated Teller Machines Escrow Management Services Positive Pay Bank by Mail Fraud Detection Services Remote Deposit Capture Cash Management Services Gift Cards Safe Deposit Boxes Certified Checks Mobile Banking Savings Bond Redemptions Commercial Credit Cards Night Depository Services Treasurer Checks Consumer Credit Cards On-Line Banking and Bill Pay Wire Transfers 
 Fee Income Fee income is non-interest related. The Company earns fee income by charging customers for banking services, credit card and merchant processing, treasurer s checks, overdrafts, wire transfers, check orders, and cash management services, as well as other deposit and loan related fees. Unlike many in the industry, the Company does not sell its mortgages on the secondary market, nor does it offer trust or investment/brokerage services to its customers, all of which would generate additional fee income. 

 6 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Service/Market Area The Company is headquartered in Hanover Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania and draws its primary deposits and business from areas immediately surrounding its principal office and its branch offices in South Whitehall Township, Lower Macungie Township, the City of Bethlehem, Salisbury Township, Lower Saucon Township, Lower Nazareth Township, Borough of Nazareth, Borough of Macungie, and Allentown, Pennsylvania, as well as the remainder of Lehigh and Northampton Counties in Pennsylvania. According to Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC data, as of June 30, 2022, the Company ranks 5 th in bank market share in Northampton County with four (4) offices, and 5 th in Lehigh County bank market share with six (6) offices, with a combined deposit market share of 8.11 for both counties. The Company believes there is significant room for organic growth in its current market area of Lehigh and Northampton Counties. The Company continually evaluates strategic locations for branch offices within the Lehigh Valley, which are supplemented by convenient access through electronic banking products and services, for both consumer and commercial customers. The Company currently has ten (10) offices. Bank Premises The Company currently leases nine (9) of its bank operations premises and leases the land only at the Borough of Macungie branch, with the building being owned by the Company. The ten (10) offices are situated at the following locations: Northampton County: Hanover Township (includes administrative offices) Lower Saucon Township Lower Nazareth Township Borough of Nazareth Lehigh County: South Whitehall Township Salisbury Township Lower Macungie Township City of Bethlehem Borough of Macungie City of Allentown 
 The Company pays certain additional expenses of occupying these spaces including, but not necessarily limited to, real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, and repairs. The Company is obligated under the leases to maintain the premises in good order, condition, and repair. Employees As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total of 109 full-time equivalent employees. Competition The geographic market the Company serves is highly competitive for deposits and loans. The Company competes with local, regional and national traditional banking institutions, as well as non-bank financial service providers such as credit unions, financial technology companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies and mortgage companies. In the Company s primary market area, major regional and super-regional banks generally hold larger market share positions. By virtue of their larger capital bases, these institutions have significantly larger lending limits, more robust 

 7 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

advertising campaigns, significantly larger branch networks, and can invest in technology on a larger scale. The industry, as a whole, competes primarily in the area of interest rates, products offered, customer service and convenience. The Company believes it is able to compete within its market by offering competitive interest rates and a superior level of customer service, as reflected in our continued growth in market share. The Company also continues to capitalize on opportunities created by recent merger announcements, name changes, and competitive branch hour adjustments and/or closures in the Company s market area, attracting customers looking to relocate to a local, reputable community bank. Credit unions present a significant competitive challenge to the Company. As credit unions currently enjoy an exemption from income tax, they are able to offer higher deposit rates and lower loan rates than banks can on a comparable basis. Credit unions are also not currently subject to certain regulatory constraints imposed on banks, such as the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), which require the Company to implement procedures to make and monitor loans throughout the communities served. Adhering to such regulatory requirements raises the Company s compliance costs associated with lending activities and reduces potential operating profits. Accordingly, the Company competes by focusing on building customer relationships and maintaining the commitment to customer service the community has come to expect. Segments The Company acts as an independent community financial services provider and offers traditional banking and related financial services to individual, business and government customers. The Company offers a full array of commercial and retail financial services, including the taking of time, savings, and demand deposits; the making of commercial, consumer, residential mortgage, and home equity loans; and the providing of other financial services. Management does not separately allocate expenses, including the cost of funding loan demand, between commercial and retail operations of the Company. As such, discrete financial information is not available and segment reporting would not be meaningful. Seasonality Management does not feel that the deposits, loans, or the business of the Company are generally seasonal in nature. Deposit and loan generation may, however, vary with local and national economic and market conditions, which should not have a material effect on planning and policy making. Supervision and Regulation The Company is subject to extensive regulation under federal and Pennsylvania banking laws, regulations and policies, including prescribed standards relating to capital, earnings, dividends, the repurchase or redemption of shares, loans or extensions of credit to affiliates and insiders, internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, asset growth, impaired assets and loan-to-value ratios. The regulatory framework for banks is intended primarily for the protection of depositors, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking systems as a whole, and not for the protection of shareholders. The following summary sets forth certain of the material elements of the regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries and provides certain specific information about the Company and the Bank. It does not describe all of the provisions of the statutes, regulations and policies that are identified. To the extent that the following information describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by express reference to each of the particular statutory and regulatory provisions. A change in applicable statutes, regulations or regulatory policy may have a material effect on the business of the Company. 

 8 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act As a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), which became law on July 21, 2010, there is additional regulatory oversight and supervision of the Company and the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry, and includes provisions affecting large and small financial institutions alike, including several provisions that affect the regulation of community banks and bank holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, imposed new capital requirements on bank holding companies; changed the base for FDIC insurance assessments to a bank s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity, rather than upon its deposit base; permanently raised the current standard deposit insurance limit to 250,000; and expanded the FDIC s authority to raise insurance premiums. The Dodd-Frank Act also includes provisions that affect corporate governance and executive compensation at all publicly traded companies and allows financial institutions to pay interest on business checking accounts. The legislation also restricts proprietary trading, places restrictions on the owning or sponsoring of hedge and private equity funds, and regulates the derivatives activities of banks and their affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act also establishes the Financial Stability Oversight Council to identify threats to the financial stability of the U.S., promote market discipline, and respond to emerging threats to the stability of the U.S. financial system. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Through the Dodd-Frank Act, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB was established as an independent entity within the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ). The CFPB has broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement authority over consumer financial products and services, including deposit products, residential mortgages, home-equity loans, and credit cards. The CFPB s rules contain provisions on mortgage-related matters such as steering incentives, and determinations as to a borrower s ability to repay, loan servicing, and prepayment penalties. On January 10, 2013, the CFPB issued a final regulation defining a qualified mortgage for purposes of the Dodd-Frank Act and setting standards for mortgage lenders to determine whether a consumer has the ability to repay the mortgage. This regulation, which became effective on January 10, 2014, also affords safe harbor legal protections for lenders making qualified loans that are not higher priced. On January 17, 2013, the CFPB issued a final regulation containing new mortgage servicing rules applicable to our bank subsidiary, which took effect on January 10, 2014. The announced goal of the CFPB is to bring greater consumer protection to the mortgage servicing market. These changes affect notices to be given to consumers in reference to delinquency, foreclosure alternatives, modification applications, interest rate adjustments and options for avoiding force-placed insurance. Servicers are also prohibited from processing foreclosures when a loan modification is pending and must wait until a loan is more than 120 days delinquent before initiating a foreclosure action. Additionally, the servicer must provide direct and ongoing access to its personnel and provide prompt review of any loss mitigation application. Servicers must maintain accurate and accessible mortgage records for the life of a loan and until one year after the loan is paid off or transferred. Capital Standards In July 2013, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board approved final rules substantially amending the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to the Bank and the Company. The final rule implements the Basel III regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule includes new minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which became effective for the Bank and the Company on January 1, 2015, and refines the definition of what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating these ratios. The new minimum capital requirements are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 ; (ii) a 

 9 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6 ; (iii) a total capital ratio of 8 ; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 . The final rule also established a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , that effectively results in the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 ; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5 ; and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . The new capital conservation buffer requirement was fully implemented as of January 2019 for the Company. An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such actions. In addition to the risk-based capital guidelines, the federal banking regulators established minimum leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to total assets) guidelines for bank holding companies. These guidelines provide for a minimum leverage ratio of 3 for those bank holding companies which have the highest regulatory examination ratings and are not contemplating or experiencing significant growth or expansion. All other bank holding companies are required to maintain a leverage ratio of at least 4 . The capital ratios to be considered well capitalized under current capital rules are: common equity of 6.5 , Tier 1 leverage of 5 , Tier 1 risk-based capital of 8 , and Total Risk-Based capital of 10 . Effective in the third quarter of 2018, the Federal Reserve raised the consolidated asset limit to be considered a small bank holding company from 1 billion to 3 billion. A company that qualifies as a small bank holding company is not subject to the Federal Reserve s consolidated capital rules, although a company that so qualifies may continue to file reports that include such capital amounts and ratios. The Company voluntarily elected to continue to report those amounts and ratios. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company qualified as well-capitalized under the foregoing regulatory capital standards and exceeded the capital conservation buffers. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Capital Adequacy and Operations Enacted in 1991, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA contains provisions limiting activities and business methods of depository institutions. FDICIA required the primary federal banking regulators to promulgate regulations setting forth standards relating to, among other things, internal controls, and audit systems; credit underwriting and loan documentation; interest rate exposure and other off-balance sheet assets and liabilities; and compensation of directors and officers. FDICIA also provided for expanded regulation of depository institutions and their affiliates, including parent holding companies, by such institutions primary federal banking regulator. Each primary federal banking regulator is required to specify, by regulation, capital standards for measuring the capital adequacy of the depository institutions it supervises and, depending upon the extent to which a depository institution does not meet such capital adequacy measures, the primary federal banking regulator may prohibit such institution from paying dividends or may require such institution to take other steps to become adequately capitalized. FDICIA established five capital tiers, ranging from well capitalized to critically under-capitalized . A depository institution is well capitalized if it significantly exceeds the minimum level required by regulation for each relevant capital measure. Under FDICIA, an institution that is not well capitalized is generally prohibited from accepting brokered deposits and offering interest rates on deposits higher than the prevailing rate in its market; in addition, pass through insurance coverage may not be available for certain employee benefit accounts. FDICIA also requires an undercapitalized depository institution to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan to the appropriate federal bank regulatory agency. One requisite element of such a plan is that the institution s parent holding company must guarantee compliance by the institution with the plan, subject to certain limitations. In the event of the parent holding company s bankruptcy, the guarantee, and any other commitments that the parent holding company has made to federal bank regulators to maintain the capital of its depository institution subsidiaries, would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority in payment. 

 10 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

At December 31, 2022, the Bank qualified as well capitalized under these regulatory capital standards. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included at Item 8 of this Report. Federal Deposit Insurance FDI Act and Part 363 of the FDIC Regulations Section 36 of the FDI Act and Part 363 of the FDIC s regulations require insured depository institutions with at least 500 million in total assets to file a Part 363 Annual Report with the applicable bank regulatory agencies, which, among other things, requires that the Company establish and maintain an effective internal control structure over financial reporting and provide an assessment by management of the institution s compliance with the designated laws and regulations pertaining to insider loans and dividend restrictions. Bank Holding Company Regulation As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation and examination by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities (the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and the Federal Reserve Board. The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve Board an annual report and such additional information as the Federal Reserve Board may require pursuant to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ). The BHC Act requires each bank holding company to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board before it may acquire substantially all the assets of any bank, or before it may acquire ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if, after such acquisition, it would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than five percent of the voting shares of such bank. Such a transaction may also require approval of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking. Pennsylvania law permits Pennsylvania bank holding companies to control an unlimited number of banks. Pursuant to the BHC Act and regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board thereunder, the Company may only engage in or own companies that engage in activities deemed by the Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to the business of banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto, and the holding company must obtain permission from the Federal Reserve Board prior to engaging in most new business activities. A bank holding company and its subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by the BHC Act on any extensions of credit to the bank or any of its subsidiaries, investments in the stock or securities thereof, and on the taking of such stock or securities as collateral for loans to any borrower. A bank holding company and its subsidiaries are also prevented from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property or furnishing of services. Under the Dodd-Frank Act and Federal Reserve Board regulations, a bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. In addition, in serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks, a bank holding company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks. A bank holding company s failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered by the Federal Reserve Board to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the Federal Reserve Board regulations or both. This doctrine is commonly known as the source of strength doctrine. Regulation of Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley is a Pennsylvania-chartered banking institution and is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the FDIC. Federal and state banking laws and regulations govern, among other things, the scope of a bank s business, the investments a bank may make, the reserves against deposits a bank must maintain, the loans a bank makes and collateral it takes, the maximum interest rates a bank may pay on deposits, the activities of a bank with respect to mergers and consolidations, the establishment of branches, and management practices and other aspects of banking operations. 

 11 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Dividend Restrictions The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. Declaration and payment of cash dividends depends upon cash dividend payments to the Company by the Bank, which is the Company s primary source of revenue and cash flow. Accordingly, the right of the Company, and consequently the right of our creditors and shareholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is necessarily subject to the prior claims of creditors of the subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of the Company in its capacity as a creditor may be recognized. As a Pennsylvania chartered bank, the Bank is subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment and amounts of dividends under the Pennsylvania Banking Code. Further, the ability of banking subsidiaries to pay dividends is also subject to their profitability, financial condition, capital expenditures and other cash flow requirements. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included at Item 8 of this Report. The payment of dividends by the Bank and the Company may also be affected by other factors, such as the requirement to maintain adequate capital above regulatory guidelines. The federal banking agencies have indicated that paying dividends that deplete a depository institution s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. Under FDICIA, a depository institution may not pay any dividend if payment would cause it to become undercapitalized or if it already is undercapitalized. Moreover, the federal agencies have issued policy statements that provide that bank holding companies and insured banks should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Federal banking regulators have the authority to prohibit banks and bank holding companies from paying a dividend if the regulators deem such payment to be an unsafe or unsound practice. Community Reinvestment Act The Company s Directors and Officers are committed to reaching out to the community in which they live and work. The personal, business and community rewards for helping local residents and businesses are numerous. The Board is dedicated to recognizing an ongoing commitment and understanding of the Company s responsibility under the CRA. The Company is committed to providing access to credit and deposit products for all members of the communities that it serves. The Company had its last CRA examination in 2022 and received a satisfactory rating. Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders The Bank also is subject to the restrictions of Sections 23A, 23B, 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O adopted by the Federal Reserve Board. Section 23A requires that loans or extensions of credit to an affiliate, purchases of securities issued by an affiliate, purchases of assets from an affiliate (except as may be exempted by order or regulation), the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral and the issuance of a guarantee or acceptance of letters of credit on behalf of an affiliate (collectively, Covered Transactions be on terms and conditions consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Section 23A also imposes quantitative restrictions on the amount of and collateralization requirements on such transactions. Section 23B requires that all Covered Transactions and certain other transactions, including the sale of securities or other assets to an affiliate and the payment of money or the furnishing of services to an affiliate, be on terms comparable to those prevailing for similar transactions with non-affiliates. Section 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act impose similar limitations on loans and extensions of credit from the Bank to its executive officers, directors, and principal shareholders and any of their related interests. The limitations restrict the terms and aggregate amount of such transactions. Regulation O implements the provisions of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) and requires maintenance of records of such transactions by the Bank and regular reporting of such transactions by insiders. The FDIC also requires the Bank, upon request, to disclose publicly loans and extensions of credit to insiders in excess of certain amounts. 

 12 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Deposit Insurance and Premiums As a FDIC member institution, the Bank s deposits are insured to the maximum of 250,000 per depositor through the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF that is administered by the FDIC and each institution is required to pay quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. Other Federal Laws and Regulations State usury and credit laws limit the amount of interest and various other charges collected or contracted by a bank on loans. The Bank s loans are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the following: Federal Truth-In-Lending Act, which governs disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligations to meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed, or other prohibitive factors in extending credit; Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, which requires lenders to disclose certain information regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements, and prohibits certain lending practices, as well as limits escrow account amounts in real estate transactions; Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; and Various rules and regulations of various federal agencies charged with the implementation of such federal laws. Additionally, the Company s operations are subject to additional federal laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions, including, without limitation: Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and related regulations, which require the Company to maintain privacy policies intended to safeguard customer financial information, to disclose the policies to the Company s customers and to allow customers to opt out of having their financial service providers disclose their confidential financial information to non-affiliated third parties, subject to certain exceptions; Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Consumer protection rules for the sale of insurance products by depository institutions, adopted pursuant to the requirements of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act; and USA Patriot Act, which requires financial institutions to take certain actions to help prevent, detect, and prosecute international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act represented a comprehensive revision of laws affecting corporate governance, accounting obligations and corporate reporting. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act is applicable to all companies with equity securities registered or that file reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including publicly held bank holding companies such as the Company. In particular, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act establishes: (i) requirements for audit committees, including independence, expertise, and responsibilities; (ii) additional responsibilities regarding financial statements for the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the reporting company; (iii) standards for a uditors and regulation of audits; (iv) increased disclosure and reporting obligations for the reporting company and its directors and executive officers; and (v) new and increased civil and criminal penalties for violations of the securities laws. 

 13 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Governmental Policies The Company s earnings are significantly affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of governmental authorities, including the Federal Reserve Board. Among the instruments of monetary policy used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement these objectives are open-market operations in U.S. Government securities and federal funds, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowing s and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These instruments of monetary policy are used in varying combinations to influence the overall level of bank loans, investments and deposits, and the interest rates charged on loans and paid for deposits. The Federal Reserve Board frequently uses these instruments of monetary policy, especially its open-market operations and the discount rate, to influence the level of interest rates and to affect the strength of the economy, the level of inflation or the price of the dollar in foreign exchange markets. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of banking institutions in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. It is not possible to predict the nature of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies, or the effect which they may have on the Company s business and earnings. Other Legislative Initiatives Proposals may be introduced in the United States Congress and in the Pennsylvania Legislature and before various bank regulatory authorities, which would alter the powers of, and restrictions on, different types of banking organizations and which would restructure part or all of the existing regulatory framework for banks, bank holding companies and other providers of financial services. Moreover, other bills may be introduced in Congress which would further regulate, deregulate, or restructure the financial services industry, including proposals to substantially reform the regulatory framework. It is not possible to predict whether these or any other proposals will be enacted into law or, even if enacted, the effect which they may have on the Company s business and earnings. Human Capital Management We believe that outstanding people are the key to the Company s growth and success. Through the efforts of our team, Embassy has established itself as a leading organization in our Lehigh Valley community. The Company s philosophy is to strive to maintain simplicity in our policies and efficiency in our procedures. We pride ourselves in creating an open, diverse, and transparent culture that celebrates teamwork and recognizes team members at all levels. We believe that diversity of cultures, thoughts, and experiences results in better outcomes and empowers our team members to make more meaningful contributions within our company and community. This in turn provides an environment in which our team will thrive. The majority of our team are regular full-time employees, and we also employ regular part-time employees and some seasonal/temporary team members. It is by design that the Company runs a very efficient operation, relying greatly on the knowledge and experience of its leadership team, and, where appropriate, the outsourcing of certain functions to high quality vendors, in order to do so. This level of efficiency requires that individual members of the Company s leadership team assume roles that are most often held by multiple individuals at banks within the Company s peer group. For example, David M. Lobach, Jr. serves as Chairman of the Board, as well as President and Chief Executive Officer, Judith A. Hunsicker serves as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, James R. Bartholomew serves as Senior Lending Officer (until his retirement effective December 31, 2022) and oversees business banking and business development, Diane M. Cunningham oversees retail banking and consumer lending, as well as marketing, and Lynne M. Neel oversees the finance department, deposit and loan operations and investor relations, to name a few such examples. This multidisciplinary approach is replicated throughout the Company. The Company has created a group consisting of team members called the Culture Club. The club is designed to keep our business culture in the forefront of all we do. This team provides new employees with their first look at the unique Embassy culture through an orientation program created with the individual in mind. In addition, the team actively works on creative activities and educational events to enhance our existing culture for the entire Embassy team. Our culture is truly defined by us. The Company family is made up of a diverse group of professionals who share the common goal of making our bank succeed by providing superior customer service through sales, education, 

 14 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

technology, and teamwork. Our experience has shown that when employees communicate openly and directly with supervisors, the work environment can be excellent, expectations can be clear, and attitudes will be positive. We believe that the Company amply demonstrates its commitment to employees by responding effectively to employee concerns. Annually, every team member is asked to complete a team member commitment form, in which he or she describes duties and responsibilities they may face in their day to day work. The Company maintains these forms and uses them to aid in orienting new employees to their jobs, identifying the requirements of each position, balancing responsibilities amongst the team, establishing hiring criteria, setting standards for employee performance evaluations, and establishing a basis for making reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. They are also used for discussion in connection with an existing employee s review process. Supervisors and employees are strongly encouraged to discuss job performance and goals on an informal, day-to-day basis. Employees are asked to annually participate in the Company s self-assessment process, which includes their Personal Team Member Commitment (which describes positions) and Personal Balance Sheet. Additionally, this Balance Sheet is a formal performance evaluation conducted to provide both supervisors and employees the opportunity to discuss job tasks, identify and correct weaknesses, encourage and recognize strengths, and discuss positive, purposeful approaches for efficiently carrying out the responsibility of each position. The salary and benefits program at the Company was created to achieve consistent pay practices, comply with federal and state laws, mirror our commitment to Equal Employment Opportunity, and offer competitive salaries and benefits within our labor market. Because recruiting and retaining talented and diverse employees is critical to our success, the Company is committed to paying its team members equitable wages that reflect the requirements and responsibilities of their positions and are competitive with the pay received by similarly situated employees in other banks in the area. Compensation for every position is determined by several factors, including the essential duties and responsibilities of the job, and knowledge of pay practices of other employers. The Company periodically reviews its salary and benefits program and restructures it as necessary. Eligible employees at the Company are provided a wide range of benefits. A number of the programs (such as Social Security, workers compensation, state disability, and unemployment insurance) cover all employees in the manner prescribed by law. Benefits eligibility is dependent upon a variety of factors, primarily whether the employee is full time or part time. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus COVID-19 as a global pandemic and on March 13, 2020 the United States government declared COVID-19 as a national emergency. Specific to COVID-19, the Company s top priority is the health and safety of our team, customers, vendors, and the public. Embassy Bank s Pandemic Officer is responsible for the oversight of the Company s COVID-19 Program. The COVID-19 Plan Guidance has been distributed to all employees, and when necessary, to on-site workers, and vendors. All team members, onsite workers, visitors, vendors, and customers must comply with local, state, and federal government regulations regarding COVID-19 policies and personal protective equipment (PPE) requirements. The Company has followed, and intends to continue to follow, at minimum, the most recent guidance issued by the Center for Disease Control CDC ). Available Information The Company s common stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Trades in Company common stock made by certain brokerage firms are reported on the OTCQX Market Tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol EMYB . The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and, accordingly, electronically files annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). You may obtain these reports and statements, and any amendments, from the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . You may obtain copies of these reports, and any amendments, through our website at www.embassybank.com. These reports are available through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC. 

 15 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The Company s headquarters are located at 100 Gateway Drive, in Hanover Township, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania 18017, and its telephone number is 1-610-882-8800. The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct/Ethics that applies to all directors and officers of the Company. This document is available in the Investor Relations section on the Company s website. The information included on the website and the Investor Relations page is not considered a part of this document. Caution About Forward-looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements, including statements of goals, intentions, and expectations as to future trends, plans, events or results of Company operations and policies and regarding general economic conditions. These forward-looking statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon current and anticipated economic conditions, nationally and in the Company s market, interest rates and interest rate policy, competitive factors, and other conditions that, by their nature, are not susceptible to accurate forecast, and are subject to significant uncertainty. Such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes , expects , may , intends , will , should , anticipates , or the negative of any of the foregoing or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussion of strategy. No assurance can be given that the future results covered by forward-looking statements will be achieved. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could impact the Company s operating results include, but are not limited to, (i) the effects of changing economic conditions in the Company s market areas and nationally, (ii) credit risks of commercial, real estate, consumer and other lending activities, (iii) significant changes in interest rates, (iv) changes in federal and state banking laws and regulations which could impact the Company s operations, and (v) other external developments which could materially affect the Company s business and operations, including those described in this Report under section Item 1A Risk Factors or in our other filings with the SEC. Item 1A. RISK FACTORS . Before investing in Embassy Bancorp, Inc. common stock, an investor should carefully consider the risk factors described below, which are not intended to be all inclusive, and review other information contained in this report and in our other filings with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of, or that we currently deem less significant, or that we otherwise are not specifically focused on, may also impact our business, results of operations, and our common stock. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly, and an investor could lose all or part of his or her investment in the Company. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, Embassy, or Embassy Bancorp, Inc., collectively refer to Embassy Bancorp, Inc. and its banking subsidiary, and specific references to the Bank refer to Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley, the wholly-owned banking subsidiary of Embassy Bancorp, Inc. Risks Related to Our Business Changes in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. Our ability to make a profit, like that of most financial institutions, substantially depends upon our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on interest earning assets, such as loans and 

 16 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

investment securities, and the interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Changes in interest rates can increase or reduce net interest income and net income. Different types of assets and liabilities may react differently, and at different times, to changes in market interest rates. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest-earning assets in a period, an increase in market rates of interest could reduce net interest income. When interest-earning assets mature or reprice more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could reduce net interest income. Changes in market interest rates are affected by many factors beyond our control, including inflation, unemployment, money supply, international events, and events in the United States and other financial markets. We attempt to manage risk from changes in market interest rates, in part, by controlling the mix of interest rate sensitive assets and interest rate sensitive liabilities. However, interest rate risk management techniques are not exact and a substantial, unexpected, prolonged, or rapid change in interest rates could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Interest rate volatility could negatively affect our net interest income, lending activities, deposits, and profitability. Our net interest income, lending activities, deposits and profitability could be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates. A prolonged period of extremely volatile and unstable market conditions would likely increase our funding costs and negatively affect market risk mitigation strategies. Higher income volatility from changes in interest rates and spreads to benchmark indices could cause a loss of future net interest income and a decrease in current fair market values of our assets. Fluctuations in interest rates will impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our net income, operating results, or financial condition. Effects of inflation may adversely affect our profitability. The majority of assets and liabilities of the Company are monetary in nature, and therefore, differ greatly from most commercial and industrial companies that have significant investments in fixed assets or inventories. The precise impact of inflation upon the Company is difficult to measure. Inflation may affect the borrowing needs of consumers, thereby impacting the growth rate of the Company s assets, as well as the expense paid on our deposits and borrowings. Inflation may also affect the general level of interest rates, which can have a direct bearing on the profitability of the Company. As a participating lender in the SBA s PPP, we are subject to additional risks of litigation from our clients or other parties regarding our processing of loans for the PPP and risks that the SBA may not fund some or all PPP loan guaranties. The Company participates in the SBA s PPP under the CARES Act and subsequent 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act CAA ). Under the PPP, small businesses and other entities and individuals applied for loans from existing SBA lenders and other approved regulated lenders that enrolled in the program, subject to numerous limitations and eligibility criteria. We participated as a lender in the PPP and started accepting applications from qualified borrowers on April 3, 2020. Since the opening of the PPP, several other larger banks have been subject to litigation regarding the process and procedures that such banks used in processing applications for the PPP. We may be exposed to the risk of litigation, from both clients and non-clients that approached us regarding PPP loans, regarding our process and procedures used in processing applications for the PPP. If any such litigation is filed against us and is not resolved in a manner favorable to us, it may result in significant financial liability or adversely affect our reputation. In addition, litigation can be costly, regardless of outcome. Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputational damage caused by PPP related litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also have credit risk on PPP loans if a determination is made by the SBA that there is a deficiency in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded, or serviced by us, such as an issue with the eligibility of a borrower to 

 17 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

receive a PPP loan, which may or may not be related to the ambiguity in the laws, rules, and guidance regarding the operation of the PPP. In the event of a loss resulting from a default on a PPP loan and a determination by the SBA that there was a deficiency in the manner in which the PPP loan was originated, funded, or serviced by us, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if it has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency from us. We are not aware of any fraud related to PPP loans originated by the Bank. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 286 thousand of PPP loans yet to be forgiven. We are subject to credit risk. As of December 31, 2022, excluding PPP loans, approximately 47 percent of the Company s loan portfolio consisted of commercial, commercial construction, and commercial real estate loans. These types of loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than residential real estate or secured consumer loans. These types of loans are also typically larger than residential real estate loans and consumer loans. Because our loan portfolio contains a significant number of commercial, commercial construction and commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in non-performing loans. An increase in non-performing loans could result in a net loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for possible loan losses and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our allowance for loan losses may be insufficient. We maintain an allowance for loan losses, which is a reserve established that represents management s best estimate of probable losses that have been incurred within the existing portfolio of loans. The Company has determined, because of the 100 SBA guarantee, that no allowance for loan losses is required on the PPP loan portfolio. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management s continuing evaluation of industry concentrations; specific credit risks; loan loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political, and regulatory conditions and unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for possible loan losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem credits and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for possible loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for possible loan losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on information unavailable to, or judgments different than those of, management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance, we may need additional provisions to increase the allowance for possible loan losses. Any increases in the allowance resulting from loan loss provisions will result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The FASB issued an accounting standard on allowance for loan losses. This new accounting standard became effective for us beginning on January 1, 2023. This standard, referred to as CECL, requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on loans and recognize the expected credit losses as allowances for credit losses. This will change the current method of providing allowances for loan losses that are probable, which may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, and to greatly increase the types of data we will need to collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses. CECL may cause volatility in the allowance due to its forecasting requirement. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 18 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Our profitability depends significantly on economic conditions in Pennsylvania. Unlike larger or regional financial institutions that are more geographically diversified, our success is dependent to a significant degree on economic conditions in Pennsylvania, especially in Lehigh and Northampton Counties, which are the counties and markets primarily served by us in the years up to and including 2022. The banking industry is affected by general economic conditions, including the effects of inflation, recession, unemployment, real estate values, trends in national and global economics, and other factors beyond our control. An economic recession or a delayed recovery over a prolonged period of time in Pennsylvania, or more specific to the areas served by us, could cause an increase in the level of the Bank s non-performing assets and loan losses, thereby causing operating losses, impairing liquidity, and eroding capital. We can give no assurance that adverse changes in the local economy would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Strong competition within our market area may limit our growth and profitability. Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. The geographic market the Company serves is highly competitive for deposits and loans. The Company competes with local, regional, and national traditional banking institutions, as well as non-bank financial service providers such as credit unions, brokerage firms, insurance companies and mortgage companies. In the Company s primary market area, major regional and super-regional banks generally hold larger market share positions. By virtue of their larger capital bases and greater financial resources, these institutions have significantly larger lending limits, more robust advertising campaigns, larger branch networks, and can invest in technology on a larger scale. The industry, as a whole, competes primarily in the area of interest rates, products offered, customer service and convenience. Our profitability depends upon our ability to successfully compete in our market area. The Basel III capital rules require us to maintain higher levels of capital, which could reduce our profitability. Basel III targets higher levels of base capital, certain capital buffers, and a migration toward common equity as the key source of regulatory capital. Basel III signals a growing effort by domestic and international bank regulatory agencies to require financial institutions, including depository institutions, to maintain higher levels of capital. In the future, we may be required to maintain higher levels of capital, thus potentially reducing opportunities to invest capital into interest-earning assets, which could limit the profitable business operations available to us, and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. If our information systems are interrupted or sustain a breach in security, those events may negatively affect our financial performance and reputation. In conducting our business, we rely heavily on our information systems. Maintaining and protecting those systems and data is difficult and expensive, as is dealing with any failure, interruption, or breach in security of these systems, whether due to acts or omissions by us or by a third party, and whether intentional or not. Any such failure, interruption, or breach could result in failures or disruptions in our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan, and other systems. A breach of our information security may result from fraudulent activity committed against us or our customers, resulting in financial loss to us or our customers, or privacy breaches against our customers. Such fraudulent activity may consist of check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing , social engineering, identity theft, or other deceptive acts. Such fraudulent activity could be heightened by geopolitical events, including the Russia/Ukraine conflict. The policies, procedures, and technical safeguards put in place by us to prevent or limit the effect of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information systems and data may be insufficient to prevent or remedy the effects of any such occurrences. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions, or security breaches of our information systems, or those of our third party vendors, and data could damage our reputation, cause us to incur additional expenses, result in online services or other businesses becoming inoperable, subject us to regulatory sanctions or additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 19 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Our business operations and interaction with customers are increasingly done via electronic means, and this has increased risks related to cyber security. We are exposed to the risk of cyber-attacks in the ordinary course of our business. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. An increased level of attention in the industry is focused on cyber-attacks that include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. To combat against these attacks, we have policies and procedures in place to prevent or limit the effect of the possible security breach of our information systems and we have insurance against some cyber-risks and attacks. While we have not incurred any material losses related to cyber-attacks, nor are we aware of any specific or threatened cyber-incidents as of the date of this report, we may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences if we fall victim to successful cyber-attacks. Such negative consequences could include remediation costs, which may include liability for stolen assets or information and repairing system damage; deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party experts and consultants; lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; litigation; and reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. We operate in a highly regulated environment and may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. We are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by federal and state banking authorities. Any change in applicable regulations or federal, state, or local legislation could have a substantial impact on us and our operations. Additional legislation and regulations that could significantly affect our powers, authority and operations may be enacted or adopted in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, regulators have significant discretion and authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of laws by banks and bank holding companies in the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. The exercise of regulatory authority may have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We are required to make a number of judgments in applying generally accepted accounting principles and different estimates and assumptions in the application of these standards could result in a decrease in capital and/or other material changes to our reports of financial condition and results of operations. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, and the fair value of certain financial instruments (securities). While we have identified those accounting policies that are considered critical and have procedures in place to facilitate the associated judgments, different assumptions in the application of these standards could result in a decrease to net income and, possibly, capital and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, the FASB and the SEC issues changes to or updated interpretations of the financial accounting and reporting guidance that governs the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict, and could materially impact how we report our financial condition and results of operations. We could be required to apply new or revised guidance retrospectively, which may result in the revision of prior financial statements by material amounts. The implementation of new or revised guidance could also result in material adverse effects to our reported capital. Prior levels of market volatility were unprecedented and future volatility may have materially adverse effects on the market price of our common stock, our liquidity and financial condition. Starting in March 2020, the capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption related to the COVID-19 pandemic and, more recently, as a result of the failures of Silicon Valley Bank SVB and Signature Bank. In many cases, the markets exerted downward pressure on stock prices, security prices, and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to their underlying financial strength. If such levels of market disruption and volatility continue, there can be no assurance that we will not experience adverse effects, which may materially affect the market price of our common stock and/or our liquidity, financial condition, and profitability. 

 20 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Our banking subsidiary may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums or special assessments which may adversely affect our earnings. Poor economic conditions and the resulting bank failures from the most recent recession have stressed the Deposit Insurance Fund and increased the costs of our FDIC insurance assessments. Promptly following the recent failures of SVB and Signature Bank in March 2023, the federal banking regulators announced that the FDIC will use funds from the Deposit Insurance Fund to ensure that all depositors in SVB and Signature Bank are made whole, at no cost to taxpayers. We anticipate that the FDIC will impose special assessments on all banks in order to replenish the DIF, in addition to the recently announced increase in premiums. Additional bank failures may prompt the FDIC to increase its premiums above the recently increased levels or to issue additional special assessments. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums or special assessments that our banking subsidiary is required to pay for FDIC insurance. Any future changes in the calculation or assessment of FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and our ability to continue to pay dividends on our common stock at the current rate or at all. If we conclude that the decline in the value of any of our investment securities is other than temporary, we are required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings. We review our investment securities portfolio at each quarter-end reporting period to determine whether the fair value of individual securities or the portfolio as a whole is below the current carrying value. When the fair value of any of our investment securities has declined below its carrying value, we are required to assess whether the decline is other than temporary. If we conclude that the decline is other than temporary, we are required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings. Due to the complexity of the calculations and assumptions used in determining whether an asset is impaired, the impairment disclosed, or lack thereof, may not accurately reflect the actual impairment in the future. Our financial performance may suffer if our information technology is unable to keep pace with our growth or industry developments. Effective and competitive delivery of our products and services is increasingly dependent upon information technology resources and processes, both those provided internally as well as those provided through third party vendors. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services to enhance customer convenience, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have greater resources to invest in technological improvements. Additionally, as technology in the financial services industry changes and evolves, keeping pace becomes increasingly complex and expensive for us. Our failure to timely and effectively implement technological advances could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are highly reliant on third party vendors and our ability to manage the operational risks associated with outsourcing those services. We rely on third parties to provide services that are integral to our operations. These vendors provide services that support our operations, including the storage and processing of sensitive consumer and business customer data, as well as our sales efforts. A cybersecurity breach of a vendor s system may result in theft of our data or disruption of business processes. In most cases, we will remain primarily liable to our customers for losses arising from a breach of a vendor s data security system. We rely on our outsourced service providers to implement and maintain prudent cybersecurity controls. We have procedures in place to assess a vendor s cybersecurity controls prior to establishing a contractual relationship and to periodically review assessments of those control systems; however, these procedures are not infallible, and a vendor s system can be breached despite the procedures we employ. We cannot be sure that we will be able to maintain these relationships on favorable terms. The loss of these vendor relationships could disrupt the services we provide to our customers and cause us to incur expense in connection with replacing these services. 

 21 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The soundness of other financial institutions may adversely affect us. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be readily realized or liquidated at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to us. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. On March 10, 2023, the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of SVB, and on March 12, 2023, the FDIC took control and was appointed receiver of Signature Bank, in each case due primarily to liquidity concerns related to those institutions. As of March 13, 2023, we did not have any direct exposure to SVB or Signature Bank. However, if other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, our ability to access our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The trading volume in our common stock is less than that of larger public companies, which can contribute to volatility in our stock price and adversely affect the liquidity of an investment in our common stock. Our common stock is not traded on a security exchange. Trades in our stock made by certain brokerage firms are reported on the OTCQX Market Tier of the OTC Markets, but trading in our stock is sporadic. The trading history of our common stock has been characterized by relatively low trading volume. This lack of an active public market means that the value of a shareholder s investment in our common stock may be subject to sudden fluctuations, as individual trades have a greater effect on our reported trading price than would be the case in a broad public market with significant daily trading volume. The market price of our common stock may also be subject to fluctuations in response to numerous other factors, including the factors discussed in this report, regardless of our actual operating performance. The possibility of such fluctuations occurring is increased due to the illiquid nature of the trading market of our common stock. Therefore, a shareholder may be unable to sell our common stock at or above the price at which it was purchased, at or above the current market price, or at the time of his, her or its choosing. Our insiders control a substantial percentage of our stock and therefore have the ability to exercise significant control over our affairs. As of December 31, 2022, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned in excess of 28 of our issued and outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis. Such persons, as a group, will have sufficient votes to strongly influence the outcome of all matters submitted to our shareholders, including the election of directors. This concentration of ownership might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, and principal and interest on our debt, depends primarily on dividends from our banking subsidiary, which is subject to regulatory limits. Embassy Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company and its operations are conducted by its direct and indirect subsidiaries, primarily the Bank. Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock and principal and interest on our debt depends on our receipt of dividends from the Bank. Dividend payments from the Bank are subject to legal and regulatory limitations, generally based on net profits and retained earnings, imposed by the various banking regulatory agencies. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends is also subject to profitability, financial condition, liquidity, and capital management limits. There is no assurance that our subsidiary will be able to pay dividends in the future or that we will generate adequate cash flow to pay dividends in the future. Federal Reserve policy, which applies to us as a 

 22 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

registered bank holding company, also provides that dividends by bank holding companies should generally be paid out of earnings from both the current period and a designated look-back period. Our failure to pay dividends on our common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, Pennsylvania law, state and federal banking regulations, and our significant percentage of insider ownership, could act to delay or prevent a takeover by a third party. Various Pennsylvania laws affecting business corporations may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire us, even if the acquisition would be advantageous to our shareholders. By incorporating under Pennsylvania law, our board of directors owes its fiduciary duty solely to the corporation. As such, Pennsylvania law does not require a director to act solely because of the effect such action might have on an acquisition or potential acquisition of control of the corporation or the consideration that might be offered or paid to shareholders in such an acquisition. Additionally, Pennsylvania law: expands the factors and groups which a corporation s board of directors can consider in determining whether an action is in the best interests of the corporation, including the effect of such action on its shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers, creditors and communities; provides that a corporation s board of directors need not consider the interests of any particular group (including the shareholders) as dominant or controlling; provides that a corporation s directors, in order to satisfy the presumption that they have acted in the best interests of the corporation, need not satisfy any greater obligation or higher burden of proof with respect to actions relating to an acquisition or potential acquisition of control; and provides that actions relating to acquisitions of control that are approved by a majority of disinterested directors are presumed to satisfy the directors standard, unless it is proven by clear and convincing evidence that the directors did not assent to such action in good faith after reasonable investigation. In addition, we have various anti-takeover measures in place under our articles of incorporation and bylaws, including a supermajority vote requirement for mergers, advance notice requirements for nominations for election of directors and the presentation of shareholder proposals at meetings of shareholders, a staggered Board of Directors, and the absence of cumulative voting. Further, federal and state banking laws and regulations generally require filings and approvals prior to certain transactions that would result in a party acquiring control of our company. Any one or more of these laws or measures, particularly when coupled with the fact that our insiders hold approximately 28 of our voting shares, may impede the takeover of the Company and may prevent our shareholders from taking part in a transaction in which they could realize a premium over the current market price of our common stock. General Risk Factors Our controls and procedures may fail or could be circumvented. Management has implemented a series of internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures in order to ensure accurate financial control and reporting. However, any system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and/or procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operation and financial condition. 

 23 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Loss of our senior executive officers or other key employees could impair our relationship with our customers and adversely affect our business. We have assembled a leadership management team which has substantial background and experience in banking and financial services in the markets we serve. Loss of these key personnel could negatively impact our earnings because of their skills, customer relationships and/or the potential difficulty of promptly replacing them. Acts of terrorism, natural disasters, global climate change, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on our business and operations. Acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters, global climate change, pandemics, global conflicts, geopolitical events, including the military tensions between Russia and Ukraine, or other similar events, or a combination of these factor or other factors, could have a negative impact on our business and operations. While we have in place business continuity plans, such events could still damage our facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of our business (including communications and technology), result in harm to or cause travel limitations on our employees, and have a similar impact on our clients, suppliers, third-party vendors and counterparties. These events also could impact us negatively to the extent that they result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general economic activity in the United States or abroad, or in financial market settlement functions. In addition, these or similar events may impact economic growth negatively, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations, and may have other adverse effects on us in ways that we are unable to predict. Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and adversely affect our earnings. Reputational risk, or the risk to our earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from the actual or perceived manner in which we conduct our business activities, including banking operations, our management of actual or potential conflicts of interest and ethical issues, and our protection of confidential client information. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Although we take steps to minimize reputation risk in the way we conduct our business activities and deal with our customers, communities and vendors, these steps may not be effective. If we need to, or are compelled to, raise additional capital in the future, that capital may not be available when it is needed and on terms favorable to current shareholders. Federal banking regulators require us and our bank subsidiary to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. These capital levels are determined and dictated by law, regulation, and bank regulatory agencies. In addition, capital levels are also determined by our management and board of directors based on capital levels that they believe are necessary to support our business operations. As of December 31, 2022, all three capital ratios for us and our banking subsidiary were above well capitalized levels under current bank regulatory guidelines. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of our ability to raise additional capital on terms and time frames acceptable to us or to raise additional capital at all. If we cannot raise additional capital in sufficient amounts when needed, our ability to comply with regulatory capital requirements could be materially impaired. Additionally, the inability to raise capital in sufficient amounts may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operating. Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are nonspecific to us, such as severe disruption of the financial markets or negative news and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole as evidenced by recent turmoil in the domestic and worldwide credit markets. If we raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other securities, we would likely dilute the ownership interests of current investors and could dilute the per share book value and earnings per share of our common stock. Furthermore, a capital raise through issuance of additional shares of common stock may have an adverse impact on our stock price. 

 24 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Our common stock is equity and is subordinate to all of our existing and future indebtedness. Shares of our common stock are equity interests in our company and do not constitute indebtedness. As such, shares of our common stock rank junior to all indebtedness and other non-equity claims on us with respect to assets available to satisfy claims on us, including in a liquidation of us. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon the Bank s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the Bank s creditors, including the preferred claims of the Bank s depositors. Our common stock is not insured by any governmental entity. Our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you may lose some or all of your investment. Item 1B . UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. Item 2 . PROPERTIES. The Company, through the Bank, occupies ten (10) full-service banking offices in the Lehigh Valley: Northampton County: Hanover Township (includes administrative offices) Lower Saucon Township Lower Nazareth Township Borough of Nazareth Lehigh County: South Whitehall Township Salisbury Township Lower Macungie Township City of Bethlehem Borough of Macungie City of Allentown 
 The Company currently leases nine (9) of its bank premises and leases the land at Borough of Macungie branch. The Borough of Macungie branch building is owned by the Company. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. The Company and the Bank are an occasional party to legal actions arising in the ordinary course of its business. In the opinion of management, the Company has adequate legal defenses and/or insurance coverage respecting any and each of these actions and does not believe that they will materially affect the Company s operations or financial position. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . Not applicable. 

 25 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

PART II Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. (a) Shares of Company common stock are traded over-the-counter and in privately negotiated transactions. The Company s common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange. Trades in Company common stock made by certain brokerage firms are reported on the OTCQX Market Tier of the OTC Markets under the symbol EMYB . The following table reflects high and low bid prices for shares of the Company s common stock for the periods indicated, based upon information derived from www.otcmarkets.com. 2022 2021 High Low High Low First Quarter 21.00 20.01 16.75 14.25 Second Quarter 21.30 19.00 20.01 16.50 Third Quarter 21.40 18.80 21.20 19.00 Fourth Quarter 20.36 18.50 20.69 19.16 
 The above quotations may not reflect inter-dealer prices and should not be considered over-the-counter market quotations as that term is customarily used. (b) As of March 10, 2023, there are approximately 863 owners of record of the common stock of the Company. (c) On July 15, 2022, the Company paid 2,643,640 or 0.35 per share, in an annual cash dividend on its common stock. On July 16, 2021, the Company paid 2,252,429 or 0.30 per share, in an annual cash dividend on its common stock. As a general matter, cash available for dividend distribution to shareholders of the Company may come from dividends paid to the Company by the Bank, depending upon existing cash levels at the Company. See Supervision and Regulation Dividend Restrictions in Item 1 of this report for a description of restrictions that may limit the Company s ability to pay dividends on its common stock. (d) The following table sets forth information about options outstanding under the Company s shareholder approved Stock Incentive Plan, as of December 31, 2022: Number of Shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options Number of Shares remaining available for future issuance Equity Compensation Plans and Individual Employment Agreements - N/A 407,875 
 (e) Sales of Securities. None. 

 26 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

(f) Repurchase of Equity Securities. The following table sets forth the number of shares of common stock repurchased by the Company, and the average price paid for such shares, during the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company has not publicly announced any purchase plan or program. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 - 31, 2022 N/A N/A N/A N/A November 1 - 30, 2022 N/A N/A N/A N/A December 1 - 31, 2022 4,353 18.78 N/A N/A 
 Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This discussion and analysis provides an overview of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ), which require the Company to make estimates and assumptions. The Company believes that its determination of the allowance for loan losses involves a higher degree of judgment and complexity than the Company s other significant accounting policies. Further, this estimate can be materially impacted by changes in market conditions or the actual or perceived financial condition of the Company s borrowers, subjecting the Company to significant volatility of earnings. A material estimate that is particularly susceptible to significant change is the determination of the allowance for loan losses. The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses that represents management s estimate of the losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date and recorded as a reduction of the investment in loans. The allowance for loan losses is established through the provision for loan losses, which is a charge against earnings. Provision for loan losses is made to reserve for estimated probable losses on loans. The allowance for loan losses is a significant estimate and is regularly evaluated by the Company for adequacy by taking into consideration factors such as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, trends in actual and forecasted credit quality, including delinquency, charge-off and bankruptcy rates, and current economic conditions that may affect a borrower s ability to pay. The use of different estimates or assumptions could produce different provision for loan losses. Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate and reasonable. For additional discussion concerning the Company s allowance for loan losses and related matters, see Provision for Loan Losses and Allowance for Loan Losses in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements. Given the very subjective nature of identifying and valuing loan losses, it is likely that well-informed individuals could make materially different assumptions, and could, therefore calculate a materially different allowance value. While management uses available information to recognize losses on loans, changes in economic conditions may necessitate revisions in future years. In addition, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for 

 27 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

loan losses. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize adjustments to the allowance based on their judgments of information available to them at the time of their examination. GENERAL The Company is a Pennsylvania corporation organized in 2008 and registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the BHC Act. The Company was formed for purposes of acquiring the Bank in connection with the reorganization of the Bank into a bank holding company structure, which was consummated on November 11, 2008. Accordingly, the Company owns all of the capital stock of the Bank, giving the organization more flexibility in meeting its capital needs as the Company continues to grow. The Bank, which is the Company s primary operating subsidiary, was originally incorporated as a Pennsylvania bank on May 11, 2001 and opened its doors on November 6, 2001. It was formed by a group of local business persons and professionals with significant prior experience in community banking in the Lehigh Valley area of Pennsylvania, the Bank s primary market area. Since its inception, the Board s philosophy has been that, by running the Bank with a view toward the long term, only good things will happen for the Bank s customers, team members, shareholders, and the Lehigh Valley community. OVERVIEW The Company s assets grew 7.0 million from 1.63 billion at December 31, 2021 to 1.64 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase was due to an increase of 6.7 million in securities available for sale, an increase of 99.6 million in net loans receivable (excluding PPP loans), and an increase of 11.8 million in other assets; offset by a decrease of 102.4 million in cash and cash equivalents and a decrease of 8.3 million in net PPP loans receivable due to net loan forgiveness. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to repayments of FHLB long term borrowings of 14.7 million maturing during the first quarter of 2022, purchases of available for sale securities, and net loan growth (excluding PPP), offset, in part, by the forgiveness of PPP loans, an increase in deposits, and an increase in securities sold under agreement to repurchase. The 6.7 million growth in securities available for sale was net of an increase in unrealized losses of 63.2 million. The increase of 11.8 million in other assets was primarily due to the growth of 13.3 million in the deferred tax asset in relation to unrealized losses on securities. The current unrealized loss position of the securities portfolio is due to increasing market interest rates in response to economic conditions since purchase and not due to credit quality of the investment portfolio. Net loans receivable (excluding PPP loans) increased by 99.6 million to 1.20 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.10 billion at December 31, 2021. The market continues to be very competitive and the Company is committed to maintaining a high-quality portfolio that returns a reasonable market rate. While the past and current economic and competitive conditions in the marketplace have created more competition for loans to credit-worthy customers, the Company continues to expand its market presence and pipeline, and continues to focus on developing a reputation as being a market leader in both commercial and consumer/mortgage lending. Management believes that this combination of relationship building, cross marketing and responsible underwriting will translate into continued long-term growth of a portfolio of quality loans and core deposit relationships, although there can be no assurance of this. The Company continues to monitor interest rate exposure of its interest-bearing assets and liabilities and believes that it is well positioned for any anticipated future market rate adjustments. See expanded discussion under the Financial Condition: Loans section below. The Company s deposits grew 54.1 million from 1.47 billion at December 31, 2021 to 1.52 billion at December 31, 2022. The overall deposit growth was due to a highly effective relationship building, sales and marketing effort, which served to further increase the Company s overall presence in the market it serves, along with deposit relationships developed as a result of cross-marketing efforts to its loan and other non-depository banking service customers. Also contributing to the growth is the increased usage of the Company s online banking platform, competitively offered rates, and the continued convenience and efficiency of our branch network and branch personnel. The Company also continues to gain new deposit opportunities created by mergers, name changes, and 

 28 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

competitive branch hour adjustments and/or closures in the Company s market area, attracting new customers looking to relocate to a local, reputable community bank. The Company s net income increased 916 thousand, or 5.5 , to 17.7 million in 2022 from 16.8 million in 2021. Diluted earnings per share increased to 2.34 in 2022 from 2.22 in 2021, and basic earnings per share increased to 2.34 in 2022 from 2.23 in 2021, respectively. The difference in net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 resulted from increases in net interest income and a decrease in the provision for loan losses; offset by a slight decrease in non-interest income and an increase in non-interest expenses and income tax expense. The Company s pre-tax net income for 2021 included 2.7 million of PPP loan interest and fees, as compared to 184 thousand for 2022. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin The majority of the Company s earnings derives from net interest income, which is the difference between income earned on assets and the cost supporting those assets. The net interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average earning assets. Earning assets are composed primarily of loans and investments, along with interest-bearing deposits with other banks. Interest-bearing deposits and borrowings make up the cost of funds. Non-interest bearing deposits and capital are other components representing funding sources. Changes in the volume and mix of assets and funding sources, along with the changes in yields earned and rates paid, determine changes in net interest income and net interest margin. The timing of deposit and loan growth also impacts net interest income. Generally, changes in net interest income are measured by net interest rate spread and net interest margin. Interest rate spread is the mathematical difference between the average interest earned on earning assets and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities. Interest margin represents the net interest yield on earning assets. The interest margin gives a reader a better indication of asset earning results when compared to peer groups or industry standards. The Company determines interest rate spread and margin on both US GAAP and tax equivalent basis. The use of tax equivalent basis in determining interest rate spread and margin is considered a non-US GAAP measure. The Company believes use of this measure provides meaningful information to the reader of the consolidated financial statements when comparing taxable and non-taxable assets. However, it is supplemental to US GAAP which is used to prepare the Company s consolidated financial statements and should not be read in isolation or relied upon as a substitute for US GAAP measures. In addition, the non-US GAAP measure may not be comparable to non-US GAAP measures reported by other companies. The tax rate used to calculate the tax equivalent adjustments was 21 for 2022 and 2021. 2022 Compared to 2021 Total interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 50.4 million, compared to 47.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average earning assets were 1.58 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.47 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The tax equivalent yield on average earning assets was 3.22 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 3.25 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 91 thousand to 4.1 million, as compared to 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Average interest bearing liabilities were 1.16 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.08 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The yield on average interest bearing liabilities was 0.35 and 0.37 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Net interest income increased 2.8 million, or 6.4 , to 46.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 43.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The improvement in net interest income is, in part, the result of an increase in the balances of taxable and non-taxable loans, an increase in taxable and non-taxable 

 29 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

investments due to purchases of 93.3 million in 2022, along with an increase in the rates of non-taxable loans, taxable and non-taxable investments, federal funds sold, and interest bearing deposits with banks. Also contributing to the improvement in net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was a decrease in the balance of certificates of deposit, a decrease in interest expense on long term FHLB borrowings due to repayment in the first quarter of 2022, and no interest expense from PPPLF borrowings due to repayment in the first quarter of 2021. The improvements were offset, in part, by a decrease in the interest and fee income from PPP loans, a decrease in the balance of interest bearing due from banks, a decrease in the rates of taxable loans, and an increase in the balance and rates of interest bearing demand deposits, NOW, money market, and savings, along with an increase in the rate of certificates of deposit. The Company s net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.94 on a US GAAP basis and 2.96 on a non-US GAAP basis, compared to 2.96 on a US GAAP basis and 2.98 on a non-US GAAP basis for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company s net interest margin was also affected by the balance of PPP loans, which bear interest at a rate of 1.0 , and PPPLF borrowings, which bore an interest rate of 0.35 and were paid off in early February 2021. The net interest margin on a tax equivalent (non-US GAAP) basis excluding PPP loans and PPP interest income and PPPLF borrowings interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.97 , compared to 2.86 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 30 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The following table includes the average balances, interest income and expense and the average rates earned and paid for assets and liabilities for the periods presented. All average balances are daily average balances. Average Balances, Rates and Interest Income and Expense Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Average Tax Equivalent Average Tax Equivalent Balance Interest Yield Balance Interest Yield (Dollars in Thousands) ASSETS Loans - taxable (2) 1,145,441 41,813 3.65 1,101,030 40,633 3.69 Loans - Paycheck Protection Program 1,852 184 9.94 34,058 2,747 8.07 Loans - non-taxable (1) 6,451 209 4.10 6,302 193 3.88 Investment securities - taxable 290,357 5,921 2.04 177,719 2,765 1.56 Investment securities - non-taxable (1) 41,854 1,196 3.62 37,374 1,014 3.43 Federal funds sold 1,000 17 1.72 1,000 - 0.04 Interest bearing deposits with banks 88,996 1,045 1.17 111,115 154 0.14 TOTAL INTEREST EARNING ASSETS 1,575,951 50,385 3.22 1,468,598 47,506 3.25 Less allowance for loan losses (11,869) (11,096) Other assets 71,313 61,315 TOTAL ASSETS 1,635,395 1,518,817 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Interest bearing demand deposits, NOW and money market 247,379 184 0.07 225,658 142 0.06 Savings 751,101 2,189 0.29 635,626 1,775 0.28 Certificates of deposit 148,661 1,687 1.13 187,255 1,962 1.05 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings 15,437 43 0.27 27,520 118 0.43 Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility borrowings - - 0.00 4,256 15 0.35 TOTAL INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 1,162,578 4,103 0.35 1,080,315 4,012 0.37 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 357,184 301,800 Other liabilities 17,801 18,794 Stockholders equity 97,832 117,908 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 1,635,395 1,518,817 Net interest income 46,282 43,494 Tax equivalent adjustments: Loans 56 51 Investments 318 270 Total tax equivalent adjustments 373 321 Net interest income on a tax equivalent basis 46,655 43,815 Net interest spread (US GAAP basis) 2.84 2.86 Net interest margin (US GAAP basis) 2.94 2.96 Net interest spread (non-US GAAP basis) (3) 2.87 2.88 Net interest margin (non-US GAAP basis) (3) 2.96 2.98 (1) Yields on tax exempt assets have been calculated on a fully tax equivalent basis at a tax rate of 21 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. (2) The average balance of taxable loans includes loans in which interest is no longer accruing. (3) Non-US GAAP net interest spread and net interest margin calculated on a fully tax equivalent basis at a tax rate of 21 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

31 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The table below demonstrates the relative impact on net interest income of changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in rates earned and paid by the Company on such assets and liabilities. 2022 vs. 2021 Increase (decrease) due to changes in: (In Thousands) Volume Rate Total Interest-earning assets: Loans - taxable 1,639 (459) 1,180 Loans - Paycheck Protection Program (2,598) 35 (2,563) Loans - non-taxable 5 11 16 Investment securities - taxable 1,752 1,404 3,156 Investment securities - non-taxable 122 60 182 Federal funds sold - 17 17 Interest bearing deposits with banks (31) 922 891 Total net change in income on interest-earning assets 889 1,990 2,879 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest bearing demand deposits, NOW and money market 14 28 42 Savings 322 92 414 Certificates of deposit (404) 129 (275) Total deposits (68) 249 181 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other borrowings (52) (23) (75) Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility borrowings (15) - (15) Total net change in expense on interest-bearing liabilities (135) 226 91 Change in net interest income 1,024 1,764 2,788 
 Provision for Loan Losses The allowance for loan losses is established through provisions for loan losses charged against income. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level management considers to be adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management s periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance is based on known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant change. The Company has determined, because of the 100 SBA guarantee, that no allowance for loan losses is required on PPP loans. 

 32 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The allowance consists of general, specific, and unallocated components. The general component covers non-classified loans and classified loans not considered impaired, and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired and/or restructured. For loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. An unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. An allowance for loan losses is not maintained on loans designated as held for sale. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and/or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial and construction loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual consumer and home equity loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement or there is a possible loss expected. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the provision for loan losses was 895 thousand, compared to 915 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. Gross loans, excluding PPP loans, grew 100.3 million, or 9.1 , in 2022 over 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no charge-offs and 70 thousand in recoveries, as compared to 4 thousand in charge-offs and 3 thousand in recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for loan losses is a function of the allowance for loan loss methodology that the Bank uses to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for inherent loan losses after net charge-offs have been deducted. During the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company adjusted the economic risk factor and other external factor methodologies to incorporate the current economic implications of inflation rates, gas prices, supply chain disruptions, and any future interest rate increases. See further discussion following in the Credit Risk and Loan Quality section of the Bank s considerations of its December 31, 2022 allowance for loan loss levels. The allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 was 12.4 million representing 1.03 of outstanding loans receivable (excluding PPP loans), as compared to 11.5 million as of December 31, 2021, representing 1.04 of outstanding loans receivable. Based principally on economic conditions, asset quality, and loan-loss experience, including that of comparable institutions in the Bank s market area, the allowance is believed to be adequate to absorb any losses inherent in the portfolio. Because future events affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no assurance that the existing allowance for loan losses is adequate, or that material increases will not be necessary should the quality of the loans deteriorate. The Bank has not participated in any sub-prime lending activity. Non-interest Income Non-interest income is derived from the Company s operations and represents primarily merchant and credit card processing fees, debit card interchange fees, service fees on deposit and loan relationships and income from bank owned life insurance. Non-interest income also may include net gains and losses from the sale of available for sale securities, loans, and other real estate owned. Total non-interest income decreased by 57 thousand from 2.4 million at December 31, 2021 to 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The slight decrease is, in part, attributable to a decrease in bank owned life insurance 

 33 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

income of 83 thousand. The decrease in the bank owned life insurance income was primarily due to a decrease in separate account life insurance assets driven by the effect market conditions had on underlying life insurance assets, offset by death benefit proceeds recognized in the first quarter of 2022. Additional decreases in non-interest income are attributable to the gain on the sale of securities of 24 thousand and gain on the sale of other real estate owned of 103 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to no gains on the sale of securities and no gains on the sale of real estate owned for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was offset by an increase in merchant and credit card processing fees of 35 thousand, an increase in debit card interchange fees of 21 thousand, and an increase of 97 thousand in other service fees, in part, due to an expanding customer base, overdraft fees, and early certificates of deposit withdrawals. As the deposit customer account base continues to grow and the Company continues to mature and develop additional sources of fee income, non-interest income is expected to become a more significant contributor to the overall profitability of the Company. Currently, and unlike many in the industry, the Company does not derive additional non-interest fee income by selling its mortgages in the secondary market, nor does it offer trust or investment/brokerage services to its customers. Non-interest Expense Non-interest expenses represent the normal operating expenses of the Company. These expenses include salaries, employee benefits, occupancy, equipment, data processing, advertising and other expenses related to the overall operation of the Company. Non-interest expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 25.7 million, compared to 24.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in non-interest expenses is primarily due to an increase of 1.3 million, or 10.3 , over 2021, in salaries and employee benefits. The Company had an increase in full-time equivalent employees from one hundred six (106) at December 31, 2021 to one hundred nine (109) at December 31, 2022, respectively. New hires included a commercial lender and various branch and other operational personnel. The increase in the number of employees, together with the annual increases in salaries and benefits, an increase in employee taxes, an increase in health insurance cost, an increase in stock grant expense, a decrease in deferred loan costs primarily associated with no PPP loan originations in 2022, offset by a decrease in non-qualified pension expense, resulted in an increase in overall salary and benefits. Additional increases in non-interest expenses are attributable to an increase of 75 thousand in occupancy and equipment due, in part, to the opening of the Company s new branch office at 2002 West Liberty Street in Allentown, Pennsylvania, along with an increase in other occupancy expenses, an increase of 279 thousand in data processing due primarily to e-commerce, the expanding customer base, fees for the Company s transition to a new online banking platform, an increase in data communications due to fees associated with switching to a new vendor, along with an increase in ATM network fees, an increase of 100 thousand in professional fees, an increase of 65 thousand in charitable contributions primarily due to a Neighborhood Assistance Program contribution made in the first quarter of 2022, and a 190 thousand increase in other expenses due, in part, to an increase in bank shares tax, director compensation, customer entertainment, employee activities, and debit card production, offset by a decrease in operating expenses. These increases in non-interest expenses were offset, in part, by a decrease of 178 thousand in advertising and promotions, a decrease of 87 thousand in FDIC insurance due to a decrease in the quarterly assessment multiplier, and a decrease of 88 thousand in loan and real estate expenses primarily due to decreases in recording and filing fees, legal loan fees, appraisal fees, and other loan expenses. The Company s efficiency ratio was 52.9 and 52.6 for the year ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A breakdown of other non-interest expenses is included in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Report. Income Taxes The provision for income taxes was 4.3 million and 4.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The effective rate on income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 19.5 , respectively. 

 34 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION Securities The Company s securities portfolio continues to be classified, in its entirety, as available for sale. Management believes that a portfolio classification of available for sale allows complete flexibility in the investment portfolio. Using this classification, the Company intends to hold these securities for an indefinite amount of time, but not necessarily to maturity. Such securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of stockholders equity. The portfolio is generally structured to provide maximum return on investments while providing a consistent source of liquidity and meeting strict risk standards. Investment securities consist primarily of mortgage-backed securities issued by FHLMC or FNMA, taxable and non-taxable municipal bonds, government agency bonds, and Treasury bonds. The Company holds no high-risk or direct internationally exposed securities or derivatives as of December 31, 2022. The Company has not made any investments in non-U.S. government agency mortgage backed securities or sub-prime loans. The current liquidity of the portfolio has been impacted by the increase in market interest rates. Selling of securities would not be a primary source of short term liquidity needs given the unrealized losses currently in the portfolio. The Company s securities portfolio was 317.0 million at December 31, 2022, a 6.7 million increase from securities of 310.3 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in the investment portfolio resulted from the purchase of twelve (12) mortgage-backed securities, two (2) government agency bonds, twenty-five (25) tax-free municipal bonds, twelve (12) taxable municipal bonds, and eight (8) Treasury bonds totaling 93.3 million; offset by principal pay downs on mortgage-backed securities, the calls of seven (7) non-taxable municipal bonds, and the maturity of one (1) taxable municipal bond totaling 23.8 million, and an increase in unrealized losses of 63.2 million. The carrying value of the securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 includes a net unrealized loss of 64.7 million, which is recorded as accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders equity net of income tax effect. This compares to a net unrealized loss of 1.5 million at December 31, 2021. The current unrealized loss position of the securities portfolio is due to increasing market interest rates in 2022 in response to economic conditions since purchase. No securities are deemed to be other than temporarily impaired and the Company has the intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity or market price recovery. The following table sets forth the composition of the securities portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 2022 2021 (In Thousands) U.S. Treasury securities 16,771 - U.S. Government agency obligations 32,551 28,858 Municipal securities 58,617 61,104 U.S. Government sponsored enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - commercial 434 530 U.S. Government sponsored enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential 208,619 219,772 Total Securities Available for Sale 316,992 310,264 

35 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The following table presents the maturities and average weighted yields of the debt securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022. Maturities of mortgage-backed securities are based on estimated life. Yields are based on amortized cost. Securities by Maturities 1 year or Less 1-5 Years 5-10 Years Over 10 Years Total Average Average Average Average Average Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield (Dollars In Thousands) U.S. Treasury securities 2,481 2.90 14,290 2.94 - - - - 16,771 2.93 U.S. Government agency obligations 30,294 0.25 2,257 1.28 - - - - 32,551 0.32 Municipal securities 249 0.88 1,805 2.82 5,135 3.63 51,428 3.01 58,617 3.05 U.S. GSE - Mortgage- backed securities- commercial - - - - 434 2.39 - - 434 2.39 U.S. GSE - Mortgage- backed securities- residential - - 15,544 2.86 64,640 1.70 128,435 1.82 208,619 1.86 Total Debt Securities 33,024 0.45 33,896 2.78 70,209 1.85 179,863 2.16 316,992 1.98 
 Loans The loan portfolio comprises a major component of the Company s earning assets. All of the Company s loans are to domestic borrowers. Total net loans receivable (excluding PPP loans) at December 31, 2022 increased 99.6 million to 1.20 billion from 1.10 billion at December 31, 2021. The gross loan-to-deposit ratio (excluding PPP loans) increased from 76 at December 31, 2021 to 79 at December 31, 2022. The Company s loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 was comprised of residential real estate and consumer loans of 644.8 million, an increase of 25.4 million from December 31, 2021, and commercial loans of 563.6 million, an increase of 74.9 million from December 31, 2021. The Company has not originated, nor does it intend to originate, sub-prime mortgage loans. The Company was a participant in the SBA PPP to support the needs of its small business clients. PPP loans receivable at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 286 thousand and 8.6 million, respectively. Payment accommodations related to COVID-19 assistance were in the form of short-term (six months or less) principal and/or interest deferrals and the loans were considered current at the time of the accommodation. These payment accommodations were made in accordance with Section 4013 of the CARES Act and the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus and the Company did not categorize these modifications as troubled debt restructurings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had one hundred fifty-eight (158) loans totaling 98.9 million , for which the payment accommodation period has ended and the loans have resumed payments under their original contractual terms. 

 36 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The following table sets forth information on the composition of the loan portfolio by type at December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of the Company s loans are to domestic borrowers. December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Percentage of Percentage of Balance total Loans Balance total Loans (Dollars in Thousands) Commercial real estate 507,300 41.98 440,655 39.77 Commercial construction 16,761 1.39 6,100 0.55 Commercial 39,520 3.27 41,923 3.78 Residential real estate 643,975 53.30 618,694 55.84 Consumer 782 0.06 642 0.06 Gross loans 1,208,338 100.00 1,108,014 100.00 Unearned origination costs 275 25 Allowance for loan losses (12,449) (11,484) Net Loans 1,196,164 1,096,555 
 The following table shows the maturities of the commercial and consumer loan portfolios and the loans subject to interest rate fluctuations at December 31, 2022. One Year or Less After One Year Through Five Years After Five Years Through Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total (In Thousands) Commercial real estate 34,590 278,474 193,347 889 507,300 Commercial construction 16,015 746 - - 16,761 Commercial 5,472 25,682 7,917 449 39,520 Residential Real Estate 3,801 18,834 367,434 253,906 643,975 Consumer 329 374 26 53 782 60,207 324,110 568,724 255,297 1,208,338 Fixed Rates 40,912 323,320 568,697 241,495 1,174,424 Variable Rates 19,295 790 27 13,802 33,914 60,207 324,110 568,724 255,297 1,208,338 
 Credit Risk and Loan Quality The allowance for loan losses increased 965 thousand to 12.4 million at December 31, 2022 from 11.5 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the allowance for loan losses represented 1.03 and 1.04 of total loans receivable, respectively. During 2022, the Company increased the other economic conditions methodology to reflect record inflation, continued supply chain disruptions, and overarching economic implications caused by the Ukraine conflict, leading to an increase in the allowance for loan losses and a decrease in the unallocated reserve. In determining its allowance for loan loss level at December 31, 2022, the Company considered the health and composition of its loan portfolio going into and during the COVID-19 pandemic. All loans that had the CARES Act Section 4013 modification are provided additional qualitative reserve in the Company s allowance for loan loss calculation. The Company s non-performing loans to total loans receivable and nonperforming loans to total 

 37 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

loans receivable excluding PPP loans was 0.20 at December 31, 2022 and 0.23 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 approximately 95 of the Company s loan portfolio is collateralized by real estate. Based upon current economic conditions, the composition of the loan portfolio, the perceived credit risk in the portfolio and loan-loss experience of the Company and comparable institutions in the Company s market area, management feels the allowance is adequate to absorb reasonably anticipated losses. The Company will continue to evaluate the allowance for loan losses as new information becomes available. The Company adopted the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL FASB accounting standard effective January 1, 2023. In certain circumstances in which the Company has deemed it prudent for reasons related to a borrower s financial condition, the Company has agreed to restructure certain loans (referred to as troubled debt restructurings). Troubled debt restructured loans, which are considered non-performing loans, outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled 2.2 million and 2.4 million, respectively. Generally, a loan is classified as nonaccrual when it is determined that the collection of all or a portion of interest or principal is doubtful or when a default of interest or principal has existed for 90 days or more, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. A non-performing loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. Non-accrual loans outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled 192 thousand and 242 thousand, respectively. The Company s non-performing loans to total loans receivable was 0.20 at December 31, 2022, compared to 0.23 at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no charge-offs and 70 thousand in recoveries, as compared to 4 thousand in charge-offs and 3 thousand in recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had no recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate in the process of foreclosure. At December 31, 2021, the Company had 217 thousand in recorded investment in one (1) consumer mortgage loan collateralized by real estate property that was in the process of foreclosure. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no foreclosed assets. The details for the non-performing loans and assets are included in the following table: December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars In Thousands) Non-accrual - commercial - - Non-accrual - consumer 192 242 Restructured, accruing interest 2,182 2,337 Loans past due 90 or more days, accruing interest - - Total nonperforming loans 2,374 2,579 Foreclosed assets - - Total nonperforming assets 2,374 2,579 Nonperforming loans to total loans (excluding PPP loans) 0.20 0.23 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.14 0.16 Non-accrual loans to total loans (excluding PPP loans) 0.02 0.02 Allowance to non-accrual loans 6483.85 4745.45 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans (excluding PPP loans) 0.00 0.00 

38 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Allowance for Loan Losses Based upon current economic conditions, the composition of the loan portfolio and loan loss experience of comparable institutions in the Company s market areas, an allowance for loan losses has been provided at 1.03 of outstanding loans receivable. Based on its knowledge of the portfolio and current economic conditions, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the allowance is adequate to absorb reasonably anticipated losses. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 3.2 million of impaired loans (defined as a loan that management feels probable the Company will be unable to collect all amounts according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or loans considered to be troubled debt restructurings) compared to 3.5 million at December 31, 2021. Most of the Company s impaired loans required no specific reserves due to adequate collateral. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had impaired loans of 1.0 million requiring a specific reserve of 169 thousand. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had impaired loans of 1.1 million requiring a specific reserve of 164 thousand. The activity in the allowance for loan losses is shown in the following table, as well as period end loans receivable and the allowance for loan losses as a percent of the total loan portfolio (excluding PPP loans): December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars In Thousands) Loans receivable at end of year 1,208,613 1,108,039 Allowance for loan losses: Balance, beginning 11,484 10,570 Provision for loan losses 895 915 Loans charged off: Commercial real estate - - Commercial construction - - Commercial - - Residential real estate - (2) Consumer - (2) Total charged off - (4) Recoveries of loans previously charged-off: Commercial real estate - - Commercial construction - - Commercial - - Residential real estate 70 3 Consumer - - Total recoveries 70 3 Net charged off 70 (1) Balance at end of year 12,449 11,484 Allowance for loan losses to loans receivable at end of year 1.03 1.04 

39 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses The following table details the allocation of the allowance for loan losses to various loan categories (excluding PPP loans) and the related percent of total loans in each category. While allocations have been established for particular loan categories, management considers the entire allowance to be available to absorb losses in any category. December 2022 of Total Loans December 2021 of Total Loans (Dollars in Thousands) Commercial real estate 5,113 41.98 4,400 39.77 Commercial construction 200 1.39 71 0.55 Commercial 1,289 3.27 1,328 3.78 Residential real estate 4,960 53.30 4,718 55.84 Consumer 13 0.06 14 0.06 Unallocated 874 953 Total Allowance for Loan Losses 12,449 100.00 11,484 100.00 
 Deposits As growth continues, the Company expects that the principal sources of its funds will be deposits, consisting of demand deposits, NOW accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, and certificates of deposit from the local market areas surrounding the Company s offices. These accounts provide the Company with a source of fee income and a relatively stable source of funds. Total deposits at December 31, 2022 were 1.52 billion, an increase of 54.1 million, or 3.7 , over total deposits of 1.47 billion as of December 31, 2021. The increase in the Company s deposits was due to an increase of 58.3 million in non-interest bearing demand deposits and an increase of 57.8 million in time deposits, offset by a decrease of 3.8 million in interest bearing demand, NOW and money market deposits and a decrease of 58.2 million in savings deposits. The growth in total deposits was primarily due to organic growth of new and existing customers. The shift out of savings and into time deposits is primarily due to time deposits currently yielding higher rates due to the current rate environment. Included in the above mentioned increase was a 27.5 million increase in non-interest bearing demand personal deposits and a 30.8 million increase in non-interest bearing demand business deposits. The funds were primarily used to fund new loan growth, purchase securities, and to pay off FHLB long-term borrowings. Included in total deposits at December 31, 2022 were personal deposits of 1.09 billion, business deposits of 324.1 million, and municipal deposits of 102.6 million. Included in total deposits at December 31, 2021 were personal deposits of 1.05 billion, business deposits of 329.3 million, and municipal deposits of 88.5 million. The following table reflects the Company s deposits by category for the periods indicated. All deposits are domestic deposits. December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) Demand, non-interest bearing 381,811 323,513 Demand, NOW and money market, interest bearing 244,629 248,401 Savings 681,394 739,637 Time, 250 and over 82,916 54,739 Time, other 130,357 100,735 Total deposits 1,521,107 1,467,025 

40 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

The following table sets forth the average balance of the Company s deposits and the average rates paid on those deposits: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Average Average Average Average Amount Rate Amount Rate (Dollars In Thousands) Demand, NOW and money market, interest bearing deposits 247,379 0.07 225,658 0.06 Savings 751,101 0.29 635,626 0.28 Certificates of deposit 148,661 1.13 187,255 1.05 Total interest bearing deposits 1,147,141 0.35 1,048,539 0.37 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 357,184 301,800 Total 1,504,325 1,350,339 
 The following table displays the maturities and the amounts of the Company s certificates of deposit of 250,000 or more: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (In Thousands) 3 months or less 16,648 10,640 Over 3 through 6 months 13,303 17,170 Over 6 through 12 months 33,269 10,382 Over 12 months 19,696 16,547 Total 82,916 54,739 
 As a FDIC member institution, the Company s deposits are insured to a maximum of 250,000 per depositor through the DIF that is administered by the FDIC and each institution is required to pay quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. Liquidity Liquidity is a measure of the Company s ability to meet the demands required for the funding of loans and to meet depositors requirements for use of their funds. The Company s sources of liquidity are cash balances, due from banks, and federal funds sold. Cash and cash equivalents were 67.3 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 169.7 million at December 31, 2021. There are other sources of liquidity that are available to the Company, as well, including those described below. Additional asset liquidity sources include principal and interest payments from investment securities, unpledged investment securities, and loan portfolios. Long-term liquidity needs may be met by selling unpledged securities available for sale, selling or participating loans, or raising additional capital. Selling of securities would not be a primary source of short term liquidity needs given the unrealized losses currently in the portfolio. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 317.0 million of available for sale securities, compared to 310.3 million at December 31, 2021. Securities with carrying values of approximately 147.2 million and 114.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral to secure securities sold under agreements to repurchase, public deposits, and for other purposes required or permitted by law. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a maximum borrowing capacity for short-term and long-term advances of approximately 763.5 million. This borrowing capacity with the FHLB includes a line of credit of 150.0 million. 

 41 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

There were no short-term FHLB advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were no long term FHLB advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 14.7 million in long-term FHLB advances outstanding as of December 31, 2021. All FHLB borrowings are secured by qualifying assets of the Bank. The Bank also has a federal funds line of credit with the ACBB of 10.0 million, of which none was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Advances from this line are unsecured. The Company has a revolving line of credit facility with the ACBB of 7.5 million, of which none was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Advances from this line are unsecured. The Bank is a member of the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services (CDARS) program offered by Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC. CDARS is a funding and liquidity management tool used by banks to access funds and manage their balance sheet. It enables financial institutions to provide customers with full FDIC insurance on time deposits over 250 thousand that are placed in the program. The Bank also has available the Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) program, another program offered through Promontory Interfinancial Network, LLC, which is a product similar to CDARS, but one that provides liquidity similar to a money market or savings account. Because of the composition of the Company s balance sheet, its strong capital base, deposit growth, and borrowing capacity, the Company believes that it remains well positioned with respect to liquidity. While it is desirable to be liquid, it has the effect of a lower interest margin. The majority of the Company s funds are invested in loans; however, a portion is invested in investment securities that generally carry a lower yield. The Company has no investment in or financial relationship with any unconsolidated entities that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on liquidity or capital resources. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company s consolidated financial statements do not reflect various off-balance sheet arrangements that are made in the normal course of business, which may involve some liquidity risk. These commitments consist of unfunded loans and commitments, lines of credit, and letters of credit made under the same standards as on-balance sheet loan instruments. These off-balance sheet arrangements at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled 198.4 million and 164.7 million, respectively. Because these instruments have fixed maturity dates, and because many of them will expire without being drawn upon, they do not generally present any significant liquidity risk to the Company. For further information see Note 4. Management is of the opinion that the Company s liquidity is sufficient to meet its anticipated needs. Capital Resources and Adequacy Total stockholders equity was 88.3 million as of December 31, 2022, representing a net decrease of 34.2 million from December 31, 2021. The decrease in capital was primarily the result of an increase of 49.9 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss from unrealized losses on available for sale securities due to market conditions, as securities were affected by increasing market interest rates in 2022 leading to unrealized losses in the investment portfolio. The accumulated other comprehensive losses are excluded from both the Bank s and the Company s Tier 1 regulatory capital calculations. In addition, treasury stock purchases of 100 thousand and dividends paid of 2.6 million, were offset by net income of 17.7 million, an increase in common stock of 52 thousand, and an increase in surplus of 664 thousand due to stock grants, exercise of stock options, and employee stock purchases with compensation expense. The Company s tangible book value per share, calculated as total stockholders equity divided by outstanding common stock shares, was 11.64 and 16.24 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s tangible book value per share not including accumulated other comprehensive loss in the total stockholders equity numerator (a non-GAAP measure) was 18.37 and 16.40 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company believes this non-GAAP measurement enhances the overall understanding of Company performance and increases comparability of period to period results, but should not be viewed as a 

 42 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

substitute for the measure as determined in accordance with GAAP or an inference that future results will be unaffected by similar adjustments to be determined in accordance with GAAP. The following table presents the computation of this non-GAAP based measure shown together with its most directly comparable GAAP measure: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars In Thousands Except Per Share Data) Tangible Book Value Per Share Total stockholders equity 88,276 122,515 Addback: accumulated other comprehensive loss AOCL 51,107 1,194 Total stockholders equity not included AOCL (non-GAAP) 139,383 123,709 Common stock shares outstanding 7,586,991 7,541,776 Book value per share (most directly comparable GAAP based measure) 11.64 16.24 AOCL per share 6.74 0.16 Book value per share not including AOCL (non-GAAP) 18.37 16.40 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by banking regulators. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain actions by regulators that could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements. The regulations require that banks maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk weighted assets (as defined), and Tier 1 capital to average assets (as defined). As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met the minimum requirements. In addition, the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the amounts required to be considered well capitalized as defined in the regulations. The following table provides a comparison of the Bank s risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars In Thousands) Tier 1, common stockholders equity 139,175 123,520 Tier 2, allowable portion of allowance for loan losses 12,449 11,484 Total capital 151,624 135,004 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 12.9 12.8 Tier 1 risk based capital ratio 12.9 12.8 Total risk based capital ratio 14.1 14.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.3 7.7 Note: Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale are excluded from regulatory capital components of risk-based capital and leverage ratios. 
 In addition to the risk-based capital guidelines, the federal banking regulators established minimum leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to total assets) guidelines for bank holding companies. These guidelines provide for a minimum 

 43 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

leverage ratio of 3 for those bank holding companies which have the highest regulatory examination ratings and are not contemplating or experiencing significant growth or expansion. All other bank holding companies are required to maintain a leverage ratio of at least 4 . The capital ratios to be considered well capitalized under the new capital rules are: common equity of 6.5 , Tier 1 leverage of 5 , Tier 1 risk-based capital of 8 , and Total Risk-Based capital of 10 . The Company qualifies as a small bank holding company and is not subject to the Federal Reserve s consolidated capital rules, although an institution that so qualifies may continue to file reports that include such capital amounts and ratios. The Company has elected to continue to report those amounts and ratios. The following table provides the Company s risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars In Thousands) Tier 1, common stockholders equity 139,383 123,709 Tier 2, allowable portion of allowance for loan losses 12,449 11,484 Total capital 151,832 135,193 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 12.9 12.9 Tier 1 risk based capital ratio 12.9 12.9 Total risk based capital ratio 14.1 14.0 Tier 1 leverage ratio 8.3 7.7 Note: Unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale are excluded from regulatory capital components of risk-based capital and leverage ratios. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management A principal objective of the Company s asset/liability management policy is to minimize the Company s exposure to changes in interest rates by an ongoing review of the maturity and repricing of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The Asset Liability Committee (ALCO), which meets as part of the Board of Directors meeting, oversees this review, which establishes policies to control interest rate sensitivity. Interest rate sensitivity is the volatility of a company s earnings resulting from a movement in market interest rates. The Company monitors rate sensitivity in order to reduce vulnerability to interest rate fluctuations while maintaining adequate capital levels and acceptable levels of liquidity. The Company s asset/liability management policy, monthly and quarterly financial reports, along with simulation modeling, supplies management with guidelines to evaluate and manage rate sensitivity. 

 44 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

GAP, a measure of the difference in volume between interest bearing assets and interest bearing liabilities, is a means of monitoring the sensitivity of a financial institution to changes in interest rates. The chart below provides an indicator of the rate sensitivity of the Company. NOW and savings accounts are categorized by their respective estimated decay rates. The Company is liability sensitive, which means that if interest rates fall, interest income will fall slower than interest expense and net interest income will likely increase. If interest rates rise, interest income will rise slower than interest expense and net interest income will likely decrease. The Company continues to monitor interest rate exposure of its interest bearing assets and liabilities and believes that it is well positioned for any future market rate adjustments. Over 3 Over 1 Over 3 0 to 3 Months to Year to Years to Over 5 Months 12 Months 3 Years 5 Years Years Total (In Thousands) Interest-earning assets Federal funds sold and interest- bearing deposits 45,368 - - - - 45,368 Investment securities 10,764 44,347 62,098 43,020 157,758 317,987 Loans receivable, gross 64,031 144,786 280,220 221,716 497,860 1,208,613 Loans receivable - PPP, gross 1 3 19 263 - 286 Total interest-earning assets 120,164 189,136 342,337 264,999 655,618 1,572,254 Interest-bearing liabilities NOW and money market accounts 26,855 50,874 63,845 35,755 67,300 244,629 Savings 64,592 159,079 250,241 112,686 94,796 681,394 Certificates of deposit 30,712 101,577 78,236 2,748 - 213,273 Repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased 13,384 - - - - 13,384 Total interest-bearing liabilities 135,543 311,530 392,322 151,189 162,096 1,152,680 GAP (15,379) (122,394) (49,985) 113,810 493,522 419,574 CUMULATIVE GAP (15,379) (137,773) (187,758) (73,948) 419,574 GAP TO INTEREST EARNING ASSETS -0.98 -7.78 -3.18 7.24 31.39 CUMULATIVE GAP TO INTEREST EARNING ASSETS -0.98 -8.76 -11.94 -4.70 26.69 

45 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Based on a twelve-month forecast of the balance sheet, the following table sets forth our interest rate risk profile at December 31, 2022. For income simulation purposes, personal and business savings accounts reprice every three months, personal and business NOW accounts reprice every four months and personal and business money market accounts reprice every two months. Management reviews all assumptions on a periodic basis and believe current assumptions support market conditions. The impact on net interest income, illustrated in the following table, would vary if different assumptions were used or if actual experience differs from that indicated by the assumptions. Change in Interest Rates Percentage Change in Net Interest Income Down 100 basis points 1.7 Down 200 basis points 0.4 Up 100 basis points -2.6 Up 200 basis points -5.4 
 Return on Assets and Equity For the year ended December 31, 2022, the return on average assets was 1.08 , the return on average equity was 18.09 , and the ratio of average shareholders equity to average total assets was 5.98 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the return on average assets was 1.11 , the return on average equity was 14.24 , and the ratio of average shareholders equity to average total assets was 7.76 . Dividend Payout Ratio For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the dividend payout ratio was 14.94 and 13.42 , respectively. Effects of Inflation The majority of assets and liabilities of the Company are monetary in nature, and therefore, differ greatly from most commercial and industrial companies that have significant investments in fixed assets or inventories. The precise impact of inflation upon the Company is difficult to measure. Inflation may affect the borrowing needs of consumers, thereby impacting the growth rate of the Company s assets. Inflation may also affect the general level of interest rates, which can have a direct bearing on the Company. 

 46 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Not required. Item 8 . FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. Table of Contents Page Number Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 48 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 23) 49 Consolidated Balance Sheets 51 Consolidated Statements of Income 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 53 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 54 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 55 Notes to Financial Statements 57 

47 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Management Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon the evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. /s/ /s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. /s/ Judith A. Hunsicker David M. Lobach, Jr. Judith A. Hunsicker Chairman, President and First Executive Officer, Chief Operating Chief Executive Officer Officer, Secretary and Chief Financial March 17, 2023 Officer March 17, 2023 

48 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Embassy Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Embassy Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary (Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Allowance for Loan Losses General Component Qualitative Factors As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses and represents an amount, which, in management s judgment, will be adequate to absorb losses in the loan portfolio. Management develops the general component based on historical loan loss experience adjusted for qualitative factors not reflected in the historical loss experience. Historical loss ratios are measured using the average charge-off ratio for the most recent rolling four years plus current year to date. The qualitative factors used by the Company include factors such as national and local economic conditions, levels of and trends in delinquency rates, classified, and nonaccrual loans, quality of the loan review system, trends in volumes and terms of loans, changes in 

 49 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

lending policies, lending personnel, and collateral, concentrations in loan types, industry, and geography as well as other external factors, including regulatory risk. The adjustments for qualitative factors require a significant amount of judgment by management and involve a high degree of estimation uncertainty. We identified the qualitative factor component of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter as auditing the underlying qualitative factors required significant auditor judgment as amounts determined by management rely on analysis that is highly subjective and includes significant estimation uncertainty. Our audit procedures related to the qualitative factor component of the allowance for loan losses included the following, among others: Obtaining an understanding of the relevant controls related to the allowance for loan losses, including controls related to management s determination and review of the qualitative factors, and the completeness and accuracy of data used in determining qualitative factors. Testing of the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in determining qualitative factor adjustments by agreeing to internal and external source data. Testing of the mathematical accuracy of the allowance calculation, including the calculation of the qualitative factor component. Evaluating the reasonableness of management s conclusions regarding the appropriateness of the qualitative factor adjustments when compared to the underlying internal and external source data. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. March 17, 2023 

 50 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, December 31, ASSETS 2022 2021 (In Thousands, Except Share Data) Cash and due from banks Interest bearing demand deposits with banks Federal funds sold Cash and Cash Equivalents Securities available for sale Restricted investment in bank stock Loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses of in 2022; in 2021 Paycheck Protection Program loans receivable Premises and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Long-term borrowings - Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity: Common stock, par value; authorized shares; 2022 issued shares; outstanding shares; 2021 issued shares; outstanding shares Surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Treasury stock, at cost: and shares at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 51 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Income Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 INTEREST INCOME (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data) Loans, including fees Paycheck Protection Program loans, including fees Securities, taxable Securities, non-taxable Short-term investments, including federal funds sold Total Interest Income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased Long-term borrowings Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility borrowings - Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES Net Interest Income after Provision for Loan Losses OTHER NON-INTEREST INCOME Merchant and credit card processing fees Debit card interchange fees Other service fees Bank owned life insurance Gain on sale of securities - Gain on sale of other real estate owned - Total Other Non-Interest Income OTHER NON-INTEREST EXPENSES Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Advertising and promotion Professional fees FDIC insurance Loan real estate Charitable contributions Other Total Other Non-Interest Expenses Income before Income Taxes INCOME TAX EXPENSE Net Income BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE DIVIDENDS PER SHARE 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 52 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In Thousands) Net Income Change in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss: Unrealized holding loss on securities available for sale Less: reclassification adjustment for realized gains - Income tax effect Net unrealized loss Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 53 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common Stock Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data) BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2020 Net income - - - - Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - - Dividend declared and paid, per share - - - - Exercise of stock options, shares - - - Stock tendered for funding exercise of stock options, shares - - - Common stock grants to directors, shares - - - Common stock grants to officers, shares and compensation expense recognized on stock grants, net of unearned compensation expense of - - - Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan, shares - - - Purchase treasury stock, shares at per share, shares at per share, and at per share - - - - BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2021 BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2021 Net income - - - - Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - - Dividend declared and paid, per share - - - - Exercise of stock options, shares - - - Stock tendered for funding exercise of stock options, shares - - - Common stock grants to directors, shares - - - Common stock grants to officers, shares and compensation expense recognized on stock grants, net of unearned compensation expense of - - - Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan, shares - - - Purchase treasury stock, shares at per share, shares at per share and at per share - - - - Forfeiture of unvested common stock grants to officers to treasury stock, shares at a cost basis - - - - - - BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 54 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (In Thousands) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for loan losses Amortization of deferred loan costs Accretion of deferred Paycheck Protection Program loan fees Depreciation Net (accretion) amortization of investment security premiums and discounts Stock compensation expense Net realized gain on sale of other real estate owned - Income on bank owned life insurance Deferred income taxes Realized gain on sale of securities available for sale - (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable Decrease in other assets Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable Decrease in other liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of securities available for sale Maturities, calls and principal repayments of securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale - Net increase in loans Net decrease in Paycheck Protection Program loans Net redemption (purchase) of restricted investment in bank stock Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned - Purchases of premises and equipment Death benefit proceeds on bank owned life insurance - Net Cash Used in Investing Activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase in deposits Net increase (decrease) in securities sold under agreements to repurchase Proceeds from Employee Stock Purchase Plan Repayment of long-term borrowed funds - Repayment of Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility borrowed funds - Purchase of treasury stock Exercise of stock options, net of payment for stock tendered Dividends paid Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - BEGINNING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - ENDING 

55 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOWS INFORMATION Interest paid Income taxes paid Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: Other real estate acquired in settlement of loans - Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities - 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

 56 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 57 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

other-than-temporary impairment charges during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. impairment charge is necessary related to the FHLB or ACBB restricted stock as of December 31, 2022. impairment charge was taken related to the FHLB or ACBB restricted stock as of December 31, 2021. and vary in terms. 
 
 58 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

years and home equity loans may have maturities up to years. Other consumer loans include installment loans, car loans, and overdraft lines of credit. Some of these loans may be unsecured. For all classes of loans receivable, the accrual of interest may be discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan is currently performing. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, unpaid interest credited to income in the current year is reversed. Interest received on nonaccrual loans, including impaired loans, generally is applied against principal. Generally, loans are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time (generally six months) and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. The past due status of all classes of loans receivable is determined based on contractual due dates for loan payments. Small Business Administration s SBA guarantee, the Company has determined that no allowance for loan losses is required on PPP loans. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on the Company s past loan loss experience, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. Management maintains the allowance for loan losses at a level it believes adequate to absorb probable credit losses related to specifically identified loans, as well as probable incurred losses inherent in the remainder of the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet dates. The allowance for loan losses account consists of specific and general reserves. For the specific portion of the allowance for loan losses, a loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. All amounts due according to the contractual terms means that both the contractual interest and principal payments of a loan will be collected as scheduled in the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, ability to pay and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Loans considered impaired are measured for impairment based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. If the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral dependent, is less than the recorded investment in the loan, including accrued interest and net deferred loan fees or costs, the Company will recognize the impairment by adjusting the allowance for loan losses account through charges to earnings as a provision for loan losses. For loans secured by real estate, estimated fair values are determined primarily through third-party appraisals. When a real estate secured loan becomes impaired, a decision is made regarding whether an updated certified appraisal of 
 
 59 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

60 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

foreclosed assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. to , leasehold improvements for the life of the lease, building for , computer equipment and data processing software for to , and automobiles for . 
 
 61 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of potential common shares, stock options Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 There were stock options not considered in computing diluted earnings per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. consecutive months of service during which at least hours of service are completed. The employees may contribute up to the maximum percentage allowable by law of their compensation to the Plan, and the Company provides a match of percent of the first percent to eligible participating employees. Full vesting in the Plan is prorated equally over a period. The Company s contributions to the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 62 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

63 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

- U.S. Government agency obligations - Municipal bonds U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - commercial - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential Total December 31, 2021: U.S. Government agency obligations - Municipal bonds U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - commercial - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential Total 

64 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - commercial U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential 
 There were sales of securities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Gross gains of thousand were realized on the sales of securities for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were gross losses on the sales of securities for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following table shows the Company s investments gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively: - - U.S. Government agency obligations - - Municipal bonds U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - commercial - - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential Total Temporarily Impaired Securities December 31, 2021 : U.S. Government agency obligations Municipal bonds - - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential - - Total Temporarily Impaired Securities 
 The Company had one hundred ninety four securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022 and seventy securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company either has the intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity or market price recovery or believes that it is more likely than not that it will not be required to sell such securities. Management believes that the unrealized loss only 
 
 65 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, were subject to agreements to repurchase, pledged to secure public deposits, or pledged for other purposes required or permitted by law. thousand at December 31, 2022 and million, net of thousand of unearned origination fees and costs, at December 31, 2021, respectively, separately from loans receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. PPP loans are SBA guaranteed and the Company has determined that allowance for loan losses is required on PPP loans. All PPP loans are risk rated as pass. The Company has only two PPP loans remaining at December 31, 2022. PPP loans are excluded in the following composition and credit quality tables. The following table presents the composition of loans receivable (excluding PPP loans): Commercial construction Commercial Residential real estate Consumer Total Loans Unearned net loan origination costs Allowance for Loan Losses Net Loans 
 The following table summarizes information in regard to the allowance for loan losses (excluding PPP loans) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: Charge-offs - - - - - - - Recoveries - - - - - Provisions Ending Balance - December 31, 2022 Year Ending December 31, 2021 Beginning Balance - December 31, 2020 Charge-offs - - - - Recoveries - - - - - Provisions Ending Balance - December 31, 2021 

66 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment - - - Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Loans receivable: Ending balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment - Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment December 31, 2021 Allowance for Loan Losses Ending Balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment - - - Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment Loans receivable: Ending balance Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment - Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

67 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Commercial construction Commercial - - - - Residential real estate Consumer - - - - With an allowance recorded: Commercial real estate - - - - - Commercial construction Commercial Residential real estate Consumer - - - - - Total: Commercial real estate - Commercial construction Commercial Residential real estate Consumer - - - - - December 31, 2021 With no related allowance recorded: Commercial real estate Commercial construction Commercial - - - - Residential real estate Consumer - - - - With an allowance recorded: Commercial real estate - - - - Commercial construction Commercial Residential real estate Consumer - - - - - Total: Commercial real estate - Commercial construction Commercial Residential real estate Consumer - - - - - 

68 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

- - Commercial construction - - Commercial - - Residential real estate - Consumer - - - Total - December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate - - Commercial construction - - Commercial - - Residential real estate - Consumer - - - Total - 
 The following table presents nonaccrual loans by classes of the loan portfolio: Consumer - - Total 

69 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

- Commercial construction - - - - - Commercial - - - Residential real estate - - Consumer - - - - - Total - - December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate - - - - - Commercial construction - - - - - Commercial - - - - - Residential real estate - - Consumer - - - - - Total - - 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had foreclosed assets or recorded investment in consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate in the process of foreclosure. At December 31, 2021, the Company had thousand in recorded investment in one (1) consumer mortgage loan collateralized by real estate property that was in the process of foreclosure. In April 2022, the borrower repaid the loan in full with no loss to the Company. Troubled Debt Restructurings The Company may grant a concession or modification for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial condition that it would not otherwise consider, resulting in a modified loan which is then identified as a troubled debt restructuring TDR ). The Company may modify loans through rate reductions, extensions to maturity, interest only payments, or payment modifications to better coincide the timing of payments due under the modified terms with the expected timing of cash flows from the borrowers operations. Loan modifications are intended to minimize the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral. TDRs are considered impaired loans for purposes of calculating the Company s allowance for loan losses. The Company identifies loans for potential restructure primarily through direct communication with the borrower and the evaluation of the borrower s financial statements, revenue projections, tax returns, and credit reports. Even if the borrower is not presently in default, management will consider the likelihood that cash flow shortages, adverse economic conditions, and negative trends may result in a payment default in the near future. 
 
 70 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

- Commercial construction - Commercial - Residential real estate - Consumer - - - Total - December 31, 2021 Commercial real estate - Commercial construction - Commercial - Residential real estate Consumer - - - Total 
 There were new TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table presents new TDRs during the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 The TDR listed above, consisting of a six-month interest only period, required an impairment reserve of thousand recorded in the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2021. As December 31, 2022 and 2021, available commitments were outstanding on TDRs. There were loans that were modified and classified as a TDR within the prior twelve months that experienced a payment default (loans ninety or more days past due) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. loans totaling million, for which the payment accommodation period had ended and the loans had resumed payments under their original contractual terms. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had one hundred ninety-nine loans totaling million, for which the payment accommodation period had ended and the loans had resumed payments under their original contractual terms. 

 71 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Commitments to grant loans, variable - Unfunded commitments under lines of credit, fixed Unfunded commitments under lines of credit, variable Standby letters of credit Total 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. The Company evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation. Collateral held varies but may include personal or commercial real estate, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. million and million, respectively, and the approximate value of underlying collateral upon liquidation that would be expected to cover this maximum potential exposure was million and million, respectively. The current amount of the liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for guarantees under standby letters of credit issued is not considered material. 

 72 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Leasehold improvements Buildings Computer equipment and data processing software Automobiles Accumulated depreciation 
 Demand, NOW and money market, interest bearing Savings Time, 250 and over Time, other Total deposits 
 At December 31, 2022, the scheduled maturities of time deposits are as follows (in thousands): 2024 2025 2026 2027 

73 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Information concerning securities sold under agreements to repurchase is summarized as follows: Weighted average interest rate at the end of the year Average daily balance during the year Weighted average interest rate during the year Maximum month-end balance during the year 
 The Company enters into agreements under which it sells securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities. Under these arrangements, the Company may transfer legal control over the assets but still retain effective control through an agreement that both entitles and obligates the Company to repurchase the assets. As a result, these repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized financing arrangements (i.e., secured borrowings) and not as a sale and subsequent repurchase of securities. The obligation to repurchase the securities is reflected as a liability in the Company s consolidated balance sheets, while the securities underlying the repurchase agreements remain in the respective investment securities asset accounts. In other words, there is no offsetting or netting of the investment securities assets with the repurchase agreement liabilities. In addition, as the Company does not enter into reverse repurchase agreements, there is no such offsetting to be done with the repurchase agreements. The right of offset for a repurchase agreement resembles a secured borrowing, whereby the collateral would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase agreement should the Company be in default (e.g., fails to make an interest payment to the counterparty). For private institution repurchase agreements, if the private institution counterparty were to default (e.g., declare bankruptcy), the Company could cancel the repurchase agreement (i.e., cease payment of principal and interest), and attempt collection on the amount of collateral value in excess of the repurchase agreement fair value. The collateral is held by a third-party financial institution in the counterparty s custodial account. The counterparty has the right to sell or repledge the investment securities. For government entity repurchase agreements, the collateral is held by the Company in a segregated custodial account under a tri-party agreement. The following table presents the liabilities subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: - - - December 31, 2021 Repurchase Agreements: Corporate Institutions - - - 

74 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

million and million, respectively. . The Bank has an agreement with the FHLB, which allows for borrowings up to a percentage of qualifying assets. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had a maximum borrowing capacity for short-term and long-term advances of approximately million, of which million is available for borrowing at December 31, 2022 due to an outstanding letter of credit in amount of thousand. This borrowing capacity with the FHLB includes a line of credit of million. There were short-term FHLB advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. There were long term FHLB advances outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and million in long-term FHLB advances outstanding as of December 31, 2021. All FHLB borrowings are secured by qualifying assets of the Bank. The Bank also has a federal funds line of credit with the ACBB of million, of which was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Advances from this line are unsecured. million, of which was outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Advances from this line are unsecured. million and million, respectively, accrued under these plans. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, thousand and thousand, respectively, were expensed under these plans. years. The SIP authorizes the Board of Directors, or a committee authorized by the Board of Directors, to award a stock based incentive to (i) designated officers (including officers who are directors) and other designated employees at the Company and its subsidiaries, and (ii) non-employee members of the Board of Directors and advisors and consultants to the Company and its subsidiaries. The SIP provides for stock based incentives in the form of incentive stock options as provided in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and deferred stock awards. The term of the option, the amount of time for the option to vest after grant, if any, and other terms and limitations will be determined at the time of grant. Options granted under the SIP may not have an exercise period that is more than from the time the option is granted. The maximum number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the SIP increased from to (in order to replenish the shares that were previously issued). The SIP provides for appropriate adjustments in the number and kind of shares available for grant or subject to outstanding awards under the SIP to avoid dilution in the event of merger, stock splits, stock dividends or other changes in the capitalization of the Company. The SIP expires on . At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the SIP. 

 75 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

to . Management recognizes compensation expense for the fair value of the restricted stock awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Since inception of the SIP and through the Company s restricted stock grants activity for the year ended December 31, 2022, there have been awards granted. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were and awards granted, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company recognized thousand and thousand in compensation expense for the restricted stock awards. Information regarding the Company s restricted stock grants activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Granted Vested Non-Vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested Forfeited Non-Vested at December 31, 2022 

76 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

stock compensation expense related to these options for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized cost to the stock options. Activities under the SIP, related to stock options, is summarized as follows: Granted - - Exercised Forfeited - - Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted - - Exercised Forfeited - - Outstanding, December 31, 2022 - Exercisable, December 31, 2022 - - 
 There were remaining stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Employee Stock Purchase Plan: hours per week and more than five months in a calendar year is eligible to participate. The purchase price for shares purchased under the plan shall initially equal of the fair market value of such shares on the date of purchase. The purchase price may be adjusted from time to time by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the discount to fair market value shall not exceed . The Company has authorized shares of its common stock for the plan, of which shares have been issued as of December 31, 2022. The Company recognized discount expense in relation to the employee stock purchase plan of thousand during the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 77 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 Reclassification adjustments for gains on securities transactions included in net income (A),(B) - - - Total other comprehensive loss (A) Realized gains on securities transactions included in gain on sales of securities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. (B) Tax effect included in income tax expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 A summary of the realized gains on securities available for sale for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net of tax, is as follows: Income taxes - Net of tax - 
 A summary of the accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax, is as follows: Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income - Net other comprehensive loss during the period Balance December 31, 2022 Balance January 1, 2021 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net other comprehensive loss during the period Balance December 31, 2021 
 effective March 26, 2020, the Company had minimum reserve requirement. 

 78 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Tier 1 common capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) December 31, 2021: Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 common capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

79 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Tier 1 common capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) December 31, 2021: Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 common capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 

80 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

- U.S. Government agency obligations - - Municipal bonds - - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - commercial - - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential - - December 31, 2022 Securities available for sale - - U.S. Government agency obligations - - Municipal bonds - - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - commercial - - U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprise (GSE) - Mortgage-backed securities - residential - - December 31, 2021 Securities available for sale - - 
 The fair value of securities available for sale are determined by matrix pricing (Level 2), which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices for the specific securities, but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the security s terms and conditions, among other things. For financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, the fair value measurements by level within the fair value hierarchy used at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: December 31, 2021 Impaired loans - - 
 Impaired loans are those that are accounted for under existing FASB guidance, in which the Bank has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. Fair values may also include qualitative adjustments by management based on economic conditions and liquidation 
 
 81 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

real estate properties acquired through, or in lieu of, foreclosure. The following table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: Appraisal of collateral and Appraisal adjustments (1) to - (- pending agreement of sale Liquidation expenses (2) to - (- December 31, 2021: Impaired loans Appraisal of collateral and Appraisal adjustments (1) to - (- pending agreement of sale Liquidation expenses (2) to - (- (1) Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors including economic conditions and the age of the appraisal. The range and weighted average of appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal. (2) Appraisals and pending agreements of sale are adjusted by management for liquidation expenses. The range and weighted average of liquidation expense adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal or pending agreement of sale. 

82 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

- - Securities available-for-sale - - Loans receivable, net of allowance - - Paycheck Protection Program loans receivable - - Restricted investments in bank stock - - Accrued interest receivable - - Financial liabilities: Deposits - - Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased - - Accrued interest payable - - Off-balance sheet financial instruments: Commitments to grant loans - - - - - Unfunded commitments under lines of credit - - - - - Standby letters of credit - - - - - December 31, 2021: Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents - - Securities available-for-sale - - Loans receivable, net of allowance - - Paycheck Protection Program loans receivable - Restricted investments in bank stock - - Accrued interest receivable - - Financial liabilities: Deposits - - Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased - - Long-term borrowings - - Accrued interest payable - - Off-balance sheet financial instruments: Commitments to grant loans - - - - - Unfunded commitments under lines of credit - - - - - Standby letters of credit - - - - - 
 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. During 2022, loans totaling million were disbursed and loan repayments totaled million. 

 83 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fees paid to related parties for legal services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. The Company leases its main banking office from an investment group comprised of related parties and its West Broad Street office also from a related party, as disclosed in Note 15. and , respectively, with branch leases having a weighted average discount rate of and , respectively, and equipment leases having a weighted average discount rate of and , respectively. These leases expire at various dates through October 2030. All operating equipment leases do not have renewal language in their contracts and therefore use the current term. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the operating leases overall had a weighted average lease term of and years, respectively, with the branch leases having a weighted average life of and years, respectively, and equipment leases having a weighted average life of and years, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the Company had right of use assets of million (included in other assets) and lease liabilities of million (included in other liabilities and at December 31, 2021, the Company had right of use assets of million (included in other assets and lease liabilities of million (included in other liabilities), respectively. The cost for operating leases was million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Operating cash flow paid for lease liabilities was million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. In addition to fixed rentals, the leases require the Company to pay certain additional expenses of occupying these spaces, including real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, and repairs. These additional expenses, along with depreciation on leasehold improvements, are included in occupancy and equipment expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. A portion of these leases are with related parties as noted in the following table. A reconciliation of operating lease liabilities by minimum lease payments by year and in aggregate and discount amounts in aggregate, as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 - 2027 - Thereafter - - Total Payments Less: Discount Amount Total Lease Liability 
 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as described in Note 14. 

 84 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Deferred Income Tax Expense 
 A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax at a rate of as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to the income tax expense included in the consolidated statements of income is as follows: Tax-exempt interest Bank owned life insurance Other Income Tax Expense 
 The Company evaluates its tax positions which is recognized as a benefit only if it is more likely than not that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that has a likelihood of being realized on examination of more than 50 percent. For tax positions not meeting the more likely than not test, no tax benefit is recorded. Under the more likely than not threshold guidelines, the Company believes no significant uncertain tax positions exist, either individually or in the aggregate, that would give rise to the non-recognition of an existing tax benefit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had material unrecognized tax benefits or accrued interest and penalties. The Company s policy is to account for interest as a component of interest expense and penalties as a component of other expense. 

 85 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Deferred compensation Lease liability Unrealized loss on securities available for sale Other Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred tax liabilities: Premises and equipment Prepaid assets Deferred loan costs Right of use asset Total Deferred Tax Liabilities Net Deferred Tax Asset 

86 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Other assets Investment in subsidiary Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Other liabilities Stockholders equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME Equity in net income of banking subsidiary Income before income taxes Income tax benefit Net income Equity in other comprehensive loss of banking subsidiary Comprehensive (loss) income 

87 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock compensation expense Net change in other assets and liabilities Equity in net income of banking subsidiary Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities Cash Flows Provided By Investing Activities: Dividend from banking subsidiary Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Exercise of stock options, net of payment for stock tendered, and proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Purchase of treasury stock Dividends paid Net Cash Used in Financing Activities Net Increase in Cash Cash Beginning Cash - Ending 

88 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. Item 9A . CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of December 31, 2022, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing, and reporting information required to be disclosed by the Company within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. A Report of Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is located on page 48 of this report, and incorporated herein by reference. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION . None. Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 

 89 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The information required by Part III, Item 10, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Governance of the Company, Board of Directors, Information as to Nominees and Directors, Executive Officers, Nominating Process, Code of Conduct (Ethics), Committees of the Board of Directors , Report of Audit Committee and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. Item 11 . EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by Part III, Item 11, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Director Compensation, Executive Compensation, Agreements with Executive Officers and Pay versus Performance in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. In accordance with Item 402 (v) of Regulation S-K, the information set forth under the caption Pay versus Performance in such proxy statement will be deemed to be furnished in this report and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act as a result of furnishing the disclosure in this manner. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The information required by Part III, Item 12, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under Item 5 of this report and the information under the caption Information Concerning Share Ownership in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. Item 13 . CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by Part III, Item 13, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. Item 14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by Part III, Item 14, is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , Fees of Independent Accountants and Report of Audit Committee in the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the Company s 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. 

 90 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

PART IV Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . (a) Financial Statement Schedules can be found under Item 8 of this report. (b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K: Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (conformed) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 3.2 By-Laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 4.1 Description of the Company s Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.1 Amended and Restated Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Annex A of Registrant s definitive proxy statement filed on May 1, 2019). 10.2 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.3 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement Executive Officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.4 Lease Agreement dated June 11, 2001 for the Rte. 512 Bethlehem office, Bethlehem, PA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2021). 10.5 Lease Addendum dated January 1, 2005 for additional space in Rte. 512 Bethlehem office, Bethlehem, PA (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2021). 10.6 Second Lease Expansion Addendum dated October 21, 2011 by and between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Red Bird Associates, LLC. 10.7 Lease Renewal and Modification Agreement dated May 4, 2012 by and between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Red Bird Associates LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2018). 10.8 Lease Renewal dated February 17, 2017 by and between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Red Bird Associates, LLC. 10.9 Lease Expansion Agreement dated June 15, 2018 by and between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Red Bird Associates, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2018). 10.10 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and David M. Lobach, Jr., dated May 24, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2018). 10.11 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated May 24, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2018). 10.12 Employment Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated February 20, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2021). 10.13 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated November 19, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.14 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and David M. Lobach, Jr., dated November 19, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.15 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and David M. Lobach, Jr., dated November 21, 2011. 10.16 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and David M. Lobach, Jr., dated November 19, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.17 Amendment No. 2 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and David M. Lobach, Jr., dated January 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2019). 

91 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (Continued) Exhibit Number Description 10.18 Amendment No. 3 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and David M. Lobach, Jr., dated January 23, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020). 10.19 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated November 19, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.20 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated January 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2019). 10.21 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated January 23, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020). 10.22 Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated November 19, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.23 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated January 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2019). 10.24 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated January 23, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 11, 2020). 10.25 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated December 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2021). 10.26 Amendment No. 1 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated December 21, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.27 Amendment No. 2 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated December 20, 2017. 10.28 Amendment No. 3 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated December 21, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2018). 10.29 Amendment No. 4 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and Judith A. Hunsicker, dated December 18, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2020). 10.30 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated December 23, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2021). 10.31 Amendment No. 1 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated December 21, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 10.32 Amendment No. 2 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated December 20, 2017. 10.33 Amendment No. 3 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated December 21, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2018). 10.34 Amendment No. 4 to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley and James R. Bartholomew, dated December 18, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2020). 

92 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (Continued) Exhibit Number Description 10.35 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of Registrant s Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2022). 11.1 The statement regarding computation of per share earnings required by this exhibit is contained in Note 1 to the financial statements captions Earnings Per Share. 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.1 XBRL - Related Documents No. Description 101. INS XBRL Instance Document. 101. SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101. CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101. LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101. PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101. DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) This instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL. 
 Item 16. FORM 1 0-K SUMMARY. None. 

 93 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

SIGN ATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed in its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EMBASSY BANCORP, INC. Dated: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. David M. Lobach, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: March 17, 2023 By: /s/ Judith A. Hunsicker Judith A. Hunsicker First Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer 

94 
 Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ Frank Banko III Frank Banko III, Director Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ Geoffrey F. Boyer Geoffrey F. Boyer, Director Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ John G. Englesson John G. Englesson, Director Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ Bernard M. Lesavoy Bernard M. Lesavoy, Director Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. David M. Lobach, Jr., Director and Chairman of the Board Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ John C. Pittman John C. Pittman, Director Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ Patti Gates Smith Patti Gates Smith, Director Dated: March 17, 2023 /s/ John T. Yurconic John T. Yurconic, Director 

95 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 emyb-20221231xex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT Amendment is made as of the 21st day of November , 2011, by and between DAVID M. LOBACH, JR. Executive and EMBASSY BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY, a Pennsylvania banking institution having its principal office in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania (the Bank ). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS , the Bank and the Executive entered into an Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement dated November 19, 2010 (the SERP ), and 

WHEREAS , the Bank and the Executive desire to amend the SERP to provide for gross-up payments for any excise tax on payments to be made by the Bank thereunder consistent with the gross-up language contained in Executive s Employment Agreement with Bank. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. The SERP is hereby amended to provide that, should the total of all amounts or benefits payable under the SERP, together with any other payments which Executive has a right to receive from the Bank, any affiliates or subsidiaries of the Bank, or any successors of any of the foregoing, result in the imposition of an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any successor thereto), Executive shall be entitled to an additional excise tax adjustment payment in an amount such that, after the payment of all federal and state income and excise taxes, Executive will be in the same after-tax position as if no excise tax had been imposed. Any payment or benefit which is required to be included under Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code (or any successor provisions thereto) for purposes of determining whether an excise tax is payable shall be deemed a payment made to Executive or a payment which Executive has a right to receive for purposes of this provision. The Bank (or its successor) shall be responsible for the costs of calculation of the deductibility of payments and benefits and the excise tax by the Bank s independent certified accountant and tax counsel and shall notify Executive of the amount of excise tax prior to the time such excise tax is due. If at any time it is determined that the additional excise tax adjustment payment previously made to Executive was insufficient to cover the effect of the excise tax, the gross-up payment pursuant to this provision shall be increased to make Executive whole, including an amount to cover the payment of any penalties resulting from any incorrect or late payment of the excise tax resulting from the prior calculation. All amounts required to be paid pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid at the time any withholding may be required (or, if earlier, the time Executive shall be required to pay such amounts) under applicable law, and any additional amounts to which Executive may be entitled shall be paid or reimbursed no later than fifteen (15) days following confirmation of such amount by the Bank s independent certified accountant provided, however, that any payments to be made under this paragraph shall in all events be made no later than the end of Executive s taxable year next following the taxable year in which the Executive remits such excise tax payments. The parties recognize that the actual implementation of the provisions of this paragraph are complex and agree to deal with each other in good faith to resolve any questions or disagreements arising hereunder. 

2. Capitalized terms used herein, but not defined herein, shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the SERP. 

3. In all other respects, the SERP, as amended above, is hereby ratified and confirmed by the Bank and the Executive. All other provision of the SERP shall remain in full force and effect as amended hereby. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties, each intending to be legally bound, have executed this Amendment as of the date, month and year first above written. 

ATTEST: 

EMBASSY BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY 

/s/ Lynne M. Neel 

By: 

/s/ Judith A. Hunsicker, SEVP CFO 

WITNESS: 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Lynne M. Neel 

/s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. 

\ 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 emyb-20221231xex10_27.htm
 EX-10.27

Exhibit 10.27

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT Amendment is made as of the 20th day of December , 2017 , by and between JUDITH A. HUNSICKER Executive and EMBASSY BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY, a Pennsylvania banking institution having its principal office in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania (the Bank ). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS , the Bank and the Executive entered into a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement dated December 23, 2015 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the SERP ); and 

WHEREAS , the Bank and the Executive desire to amend the SERP to increase the amount of the benefit thereunder. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. Paragraph 1(b) of the SERP is hereby amended to provide that the Normal Retirement Supplemental Pension (as defined in the SERP) shall be 38,268 . 

2. In all other respects, the SERP, as amended above, is hereby ratified and confirmed by the Bank and the Executive. All other provisions of the SERP shall remain in full force and effect as amended hereby. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties, each intending to be legally bound, have executed this Amendment as of the date, month and year first above written. 

ATTEST: 

EMBASSY BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY 

/s/ Lynne M. Neel 

By: 

/s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. 

WITNESS: 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Lynne M. Neel 

/s/ Judith A. Hunsicker 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.32>
 4
 emyb-20221231xex10_32.htm
 EX-10.32

Exhibit 10.32

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT Amendment is made as of the 20th day of December, 2017 , by and between JAMES R. BARTHOLOMEW Executive and EMBASSY BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY, a Pennsylvania banking institution having its principal office in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania (the Bank ). 

WITNESSETH 

WHEREAS , the Bank and the Executive entered into a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement dated December 23, 2015 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the SERP ); and 

WHEREAS , the Bank and the Executive desire to amend the SERP to increase the amount of the benefit thereunder. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1. Paragraph 1(b) of the SERP is hereby amended to provide that the Normal Retirement Supplemental Pension (as defined in the SERP) shall be 24,198 . 

2. In all other respects, the SERP, as amended above, is hereby ratified and confirmed by the Bank and the Executive. All other provisions of the SERP shall remain in full force and effect as amended hereby. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties, each intending to be legally bound, have executed this Amendment as of the date, month and year first above written. 

ATTEST: 

EMBASSY BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY 

/s/ Judith A. Hunsicker 

By: 

/s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. 

WITNESS: 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ Judith A. Hunsicker 

/s/ James R. Bartholomew 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 emyb-20221231xex10_6.htm
 EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6

SECOND LEASE EXPANSION ADDENDUM 

THIS SECOND LEASE EXPANSION ADDENDUM (this Addendum is dated as of October 21 , 2011 (the Effective Date ), and is by and between EMBASS Y BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY Embassy and RED BI RD ASSOCIATES, LLC Red Bird ). 

WHEREAS, by Le ase Agreement dated June 11, 200 1, Embassy leased from Gateway Associates, LLC, approximately 7,827 square feet of office space on the first floor of the office building commonly known as 100 Gateway Drive, Hanover Township, Northampton County, PA; and 

WHEREAS, said Lease Agreement was amended by a First Amendment dated August 6, 2001; and 

WHEREAS, the said building was acquired from Gateway Associates, LLC by Red Bird on January 10, 2003, together with an assignment to Red Bird of all leases affecting the premises; and 

WHEREAS, the said Lease Agreement was amended by a Lease Addendum dated January 1, 2005 (the First Lease Expansion Addendum ; and 

WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Lease Agreement in order to provide for the lease b y Embassy of an additional 4,303 square feet of space on the second floor of the premises. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants herein contained, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Lease. Red Bird hereby leases to Embassy and Embassy hereby leases f rom Red Bird approximately 4,303 square feet of office space on the second floor of the premises known as 100 Gateway Drive , Hanover Township, Northampton County , Pennsylvania . The additional space to be occupied by Embassy is shown and more fully described on Exhibit A , attached hereto. 

2. Term. This Addendum and the lease of additional space shall be effective as of January 1, 2012 (the Commencement Date ), and shall continue for the remaining term of the underlying Lease Agreement, including all renewal options. 

3. Increased Rent. As a result of the additional space added to the existing lease, Embassy s annual base re nt shall be increased by 73,151.00 (4,303 additional square feet at 17.00 per square foot per year), or 6,095.92 per month. 

4. Rent Escalator. On each anniversary of the Commencement Date, the annual base rent for the additional space provided for herein shall increase by three (3 

percent per year, to be calculated in the same manner as set forth in Exhibit C of the Lease Agreement. 

5. Leasehold Improvement Allowance. Red Bird hereby grants to Embassy a tenant improvemen t allowance of 88,175.00 (3,527 square feet of interior rentable or usable space at 25.00 per square foot), which amount may be used by Embassy as an offset against the rent due hereunder. 

6. Operating Expenses. As a result of Embassy s lease of the additional space provided for herein, its share of the Operating Expenses (as defined in the Lease Agreeme nt) shall be increased to 62 (an increase of 14.5 arising from this second expansion) . 

7. Renewal. The parties agree and acknowledge Embassy s current lease term expires February 28, 2012, and it is the party s intent to negotiate and renew Embassy s lease as to all of its leased space. Any renewal of such leased space shall include the additional leased space provided for in this second expansion. Additionally, and notwithstanding the Rent Escalator language set forth above, it is the parties intent to consolidate the annual rent escalations so that upon a certain date, all of Embassy s rent shall increase by the applicable percentage on an annual basis. 

8. Right of First Refusal. 

A. In the event Red Bird receives a written offer for the lease of any portion of the 100 Gateway Drive building (other than renewals of currently existing leases), and there has been no default under the Lease Agreement, Embassy shall have a right of first refusal to lease such space at the rent and on the terms contained in such written offer. Red Bird shall provide written notice of any such offer to Embassy, whereupon Embassy shall exercise its right of first refusal, if at all, within 30 days of receipt of such notice, by providing written notice to Red Bird of the same . The parties shall thereafter promptly execute a lease amendment for such space, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the notice. If Embassy does not exercise such right within 30 days, Red Bird shall be free to lease such space to such third party upon the terms and conditions contained in the written notice. 

B. In the event Red Bird receives a written offer to purchase the 100 Gateway Drive building a nd related land, improvements and associated condominium rights (i.e. Red Bird s entire interest in the premises as acquired from Gateway Associates, LLC), and there has been no default under the Lease Agreement, Embassy shall have a right of first refusal to purchase such property on the terms contained in such written offer. Red Bird shall provide written notice of any such offer to Embassy, whereupon Embassy shall exercise its right of first refusal, if at all, within 30 days of receipt of such notice, by providing written notice to Red Bird of the same. The parties shall thereafter promptly execute an agreement of sale, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the notice. If Embassy does not exercise such right within 30 days, Red Bird 

shall be free to sell the property to such third party upon the terms and conditions contained in the written notice. 

9 . Incorporation by Reference. Except as provided herein, all terms and provision s of the Lease Agreement (as amended) are incorporated herein by reference, and are hereby ratified and confirmed as if the additional space leased hereunder was included as part o f the terms of the original Lease Agreement. 

10 . Entire Agreement. This Addendum, together with the underlying Lease Agreement (as amended), contains the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the p arties have executed this Addendum as of the day and year first above written. 

ATTEST: 

EMBASSY BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY 

/s/ Judith A. Hunsicker 

By: 

/s/ Lynne M. Neel 

Judith A. Hunsicker 

Lynne M. Neel, SVP 

RED BIRD ASSOCIATES, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Bernard M. Lesavoy 

Bernard M. Lesavoy 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.8>
 6
 emyb-20221231xex10_8.htm
 EX-10.8

Exhibit 10.8

LEASE RENEWAL AGREEMENT - 2017 

THIS LEASE RENEWAL AGREEMENT (this Agreement is dated as of February 1 7 , 2017 (the Effective Date ), and is by and between EMBASS Y BANK FOR THE LEHIGH VALLEY Embassy and RED BI RD ASSOCIATES, LLC Red Bird ). 

WHEREAS, by Le ase Agreement dated June 11, 200 1, Embassy leased from Gateway Associates, LLC, approximately 7,827 square feet of office space on the first floor of the office building commonly known as 100 Gateway Drive, Hanover Township, Northampton County, PA , Suite 100 ; and 

WHEREAS, said Lease Agreement was amended by a First Amendment dated August 6, 2001; and 

WHEREAS, the said building was acquired from Gateway Associates, LLC by Red Bird on January 10, 2003, together with an assignment to Red Bird of all leases affecting the premises; and 

WHEREAS, the said Lease Agreement was amended by a Lease Addendum dated January 1, 2005 , adding approximately 4,349 square feet of office space, known as Suite 200 (the First Lease Expansion Addendum ; and 

WHEREAS, the said Lease Agreement was amended by a Second Lease Exp ansion Addendum dated January 1, 2012 , adding approximately 4,303 square feet of office space, known as Suite 210 ; and 

WHEREAS, the said Lease Agreement was amended by a Lease Renewal and Modification Agreement dated May 4, 2012; and 

WHER EAS, the parties desire to renew the Lease Agreement (as amended) as set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants herein contained, the parties agree as follows: 

1. Renewal . Embassy hereby exercises its option to renew the term of the lease for five years, as more fully described in paragraph 37 of the original Lease Agreement. Red B ird confirms there has been no D efault under such Lease Agreement (as defined therein) , waives the 180 day written notice requirement, a nd accepts such renewal. The parties agree the renewal t erm shall run from March 1, 2017 through February 28, 2022 . 

2 . Rent Escalator. Consistent with the agreement of the parties and the prior Lease Renewal and Modification Agreement, o n each anniversary of the commencement 

of this renewal term (and any subsequent renewal terms) , the Base R ent shall increase by two percent (2 . 

3 . Ratification . Except as provided herein, all terms and provision s of the original Lease Agreement (as amended) are incorporated herein by reference, and ar e hereby ratif ied and confirmed. 

4 . Entire Agreement. This Agreement , together with the underlying Lease Agreement (as amended), contains the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the p arties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

ATTEST: 

EMBASSY BANK FOR THE 

LEHIGH VALLEY 

/s/ Lynne M. Neel 

By: 

/s/ James R. Bartholomew 

RED BIRD ASSOCAITES, LLC 

By: 

/s/ Bernard M. Lesavoy 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 emyb-20221231xex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

1. Embassy Bank for the Lehigh Valley, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; a state-chartered bank organized under Pennsylvania Banking Code of 1965. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 emyb-20221231xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-169018, 333-212583, and 333-233401) of Embassy Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary of our report dated March 1 7 , 202 3 relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this annual report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 202 2 . 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Allentown, Pennsylvania 

March 1 7 , 20 23 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 emyb-20221231xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, David M. Lobach, Jr., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Embassy Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) I evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. 

David M. Lobach, Jr. 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

DATED: March 1 7 , 20 2 3 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 emyb-20221231xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Judith A. Hunsicker, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Embassy Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) I evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 

/s/ Judith A. Hunsicker 

Judith A. Hunsicker 

First Executive Officer , Chief Operating 

Officer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer 

DATED: March 1 7 , 20 2 3 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 emyb-20221231xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and 

Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

We hereby certify that the foregoing Form 10-K of Embassy Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 20 2 2 complies in all respects with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained therein fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Embassy Bancorp, Inc. 

/s/ David M. Lobach, Jr. 

David M. Lobach, Jr. 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Judith A. Hunsicker 

Judith A. Hunsicker 

First Executive Officer , Chief Operating 

Officer, Secretary and Chief Financial Officer 

DATED: March 1 7 , 20 2 3 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 emyb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 emyb-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 emyb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 emyb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 emyb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

