<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1868775_0001213900-23-017253.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3401631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210201</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>709134</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>640666</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>896026</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>862411</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-017253.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303163051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-017253
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASPAC I Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001868775
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41285
		FILM NUMBER:		23704606

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 39, MARINA BAY FINANCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		TOWER 2, 10 MARINA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018983
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(65) 6818 5796

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 39, MARINA BAY FINANCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		TOWER 2, 10 MARINA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			SINGAPORE
		STATE:			U0
		ZIP:			018983

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPAC I Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210629

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPAC I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210628

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPAC I Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-017253.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_aspac1acq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
________________ 

Commission file number: 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 
 
 N/A (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading 
Symbol Name of Each Exchange on 
Which Registered Units, each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share, no par value, three-fourths (3/4) of one redeemable Warrant and one Right ASCAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole Warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share ASCAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share ASCAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error
to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of
the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was million. 

As of March 1, 2023, Class A ordinary shares and one Class
B ordinary share were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

part I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 7 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 7 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 7 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 7 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 7 

part II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 8 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 8 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 9 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 14 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 15 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 15 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 15 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 16 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 16 

part III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 17 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 23 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 24 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 26 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 28 

part IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 29 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 33 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical
are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

the delisting of our securities from Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following a business combination; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when
management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

part
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

A SPAC I Acquisition Corp.
(the Company, we, us, or our is a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated
in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to herein as our initial business
combination or Business Combination. 

The Registration Statement
for our initial public offering was declared effective on February 14, 2022 (the Initial Public Offering or IPO ).
On February 17, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of 6,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share Ordinary Share ), three-fourths (3/4) of one redeemable warrant Warrant ), and one right Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at an
offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to 900,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement with A SPAC (Holdings) Acquisition Corp.,
the Company s sponsor, of 2,875,000 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating
total proceeds of 2,875,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the public Warrants sold in the IPO, as set forth in the Underwriting
Agreement, except as described in the Warrant Agreement. 

On February 17, 2022, a total
of 60,600,000 10.10 per Unit) of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established
for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders (the Trust Account ). 

Subsequently, on February
25, 2022, the underwriters notified the Company their election to exercise their over-allotment option in full. The closing of the issuance
and sale of the additional Units (the Over-Allotment Option Units occurred on March 1, 2022. The total aggregate issuance
by the Company of 900,000 Over-Allotment Option Units at a price of 10.00 per unit generated total gross proceeds of 9,000,000. On March
1, 2022, simultaneously with the closing and sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional
270,000 Private Warrants to the sponsor generating gross proceeds of 270,000. 

The Private Warrants were
issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

On March 1, 2022, an additional
 9,090,000 10.10 per Unit) consisting of the net proceeds from the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, less the underwriter s
discount of 0.20 per Over-Allotment Option Unit 180,000), and the gross proceeds from the sale of the additional private warrants 270,000)
were placed in the Trust Account, resulting in a total of 69,690,000 held in the Trust Account as of that date. 

Proposed Business Combination 

On February 15, 2023, the
Company entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with NewGenIvf Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company NewGen ), certain shareholders of NewGen (the Principal Shareholders ), A SPAC I Mini Acquisition Corp., a
British Virgin Islands business company (the Purchaser ), and A SPAC I Mini Sub Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (the Merger Sub ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the Company
will be merged with and into the Purchaser, the separate corporate existence of the Company will cease and the Purchaser will continue
as the surviving corporation and (ii) Merger Sub will merge with and into NewGen and NewGen will continue as the surviving company under
the laws of the Cayman Islands and become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (the NewGen Business Combination ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid to existing shareholders of NewGen is 50,000,000,
which will be paid entirely in stock, comprised of newly issued Class A ordinary shares of the Purchaser at a price of 10.00 per share. 

1 

The Merger Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed Merger is subject to certain
conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

Concurrently with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, the Company, the Purchaser, NewGen and certain shareholders of NewGen (the Supporting Shareholders entered into a voting and support agreement (the Support Agreement pursuant to which such Supporting Shareholders have
agreed, among other things, to vote in favor of the NewGen Business Combination, the adoption of the Merger Agreement and any other matters
necessary or reasonably requested by the Company, the Purchaser or the Company for consummation of the NewGen Business Combination and
the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

See the Current Report on
For 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on February 16, 2023 for additional information. 

Extension and Redemptions 

On
February 13, 2023, at its Extraordinary General Meeting (the Extension Meeting ), the Company s shareholders approved
a proposal to amend and restate the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Charter Amendment to, among other things, allow the Company to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination up to eight (8) times
for an additional one (1) month each time from February 17, 2023 to October 17, 2023. In connection with the shareholders vote
at the Extension Meeting, 3,272,305 Class A ordinary shares were tendered for redemption. On February 14, 2023, following the shareholder
approval, the Company filed the Charter Amendment with the British Virgin Islands Registrar of Corporate Affairs. On February 14, 2023,
the Company made a deposit of 90,000 (the Extension Payment to the Trust Account and extended the from February 17, 2023
to March 17, 2023. Following such redemptions and the deposit of the Extension Payment, the amount of funds remaining in the Trust Account
was approximately 37.3 million. 

Background and Competitive Strengths 

We believe the experience and network of relationships
of our management and director team will give us distinct advantages in sourcing, structuring and consummating a business combination.
We believe that our team has a diverse set of skills, including experience across business development, entrepreneurship, investment,
finance and marketing, which will provide us access to proprietary deals, assist us in identifying and evaluating a target, manage risk
and effect a successful business combination. However, none of our management and director team is obligated to remain with the company
after an acquisition transaction, and we cannot provide assurance that the resignation or retention of our current management will be
a term or condition in any agreement relating to an acquisition transaction. Moreover, despite the competitive advantages we believe we
have, we remain subject to significant competition with respect to identifying and executing an acquisition transaction. 

We will seek to capitalize
on the experience and networks of the members of our management and director team: Mr. Claudius Tsang, Mr. Abuzzal Abusaeri, Mr. John
Brebeck, and Mr. Giang Nguyen Hoang. Our team consists of highly experienced professionals who have significant experience in investing
in both public and private companies. Members of our management also have extensive experience in sourcing and evaluating potential investment
opportunities as well as deal negotiation, corporate finance, business operations and management. We have developed a proprietary network
of relationships with business leaders, investors and intermediaries that we believe can generate deal flow for us. We believe that our
team has a strong and complementary set of skills which will allow us to identify a target, execute a business combination and deliver
returns for our shareholders. 

2 

Other Acquisition Considerations 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly
renders valuation opinions or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of
our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the
target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Members of our management
and director team may directly or indirectly own our Class A ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition
to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our sponsors, directors
and officers presently has, and in the future any of our sponsors, directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to
such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, if any of our officers or directors
becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such
entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would
materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors are, and may become a sponsor, an officer or director of other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding that, such officers and directors
will continue to have a pre-existing fiduciary obligation to us and we will, therefore, have priority over any special purpose acquisition
companies they subsequently join. 

Redemption rights for public shareholders upon
consummation of our initial business combination 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion their shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of taxes
payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust
account is initially anticipated to be 10.10 per share. Our initial shareholder has agreed to waive their right to receive liquidating
distributions if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the requisite time period. However, if our initial shareholder
or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquires public shares in or after the initial public offering, they will be entitled
to receive liquidating distributions with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within
the required time period. 

3 

Redemption of public shares and liquidation
if no initial business combination 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed that we will complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering
(or October 17, 2023, if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination within the time period specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), pro rata to our public shareholders
by way of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs. This redemption of public shareholders
from the trust account shall be effected as required by function of our memorandum and articles of association and prior to any voluntary
winding up, although at all times subject to the Business Companies Act, 2004 of the British Virgin Islands, as amended (the Companies
Act ). 

Following the redemption of
public shares, we intend to enter voluntary liquidation which is the statutory process for formally closing and dissolving
a company under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Given that we intend to enter voluntary liquidation following the redemption of
public shareholders from the trust account, we do not expect that the voluntary liquidation process will cause any delay to the payment
of redemption proceeds from our trust account. In connection with such a voluntary liquidation, the liquidator would give notice to creditors
inviting them to submit their claims for payment, by notifying known creditors (if any) who have not submitted claims and by placing a
public advertisement in at least one newspaper published in the British Virgin Islands newspaper and in at least one newspaper circulating
in the location where the company has its principal place of business, and taking any other steps he considers appropriate to identify
the company s creditors, after which our remaining assets would be distributed. As soon as the affairs of the company are fully
wound-up, the liquidator must complete his statement of account and file notice with the Registrar that the liquidation is complete. We
would be dissolved once the Registrar issues a Certificate of Dissolution. 

Our initial shareholder has
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination
within the applicable period from the closing of our initial public offering. 

However, if our initial shareholder,
or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire public shares in or after the initial public offering, they will be entitled to
redemption rights with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the required time
period. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our private placement warrants, which will expire
worthless in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within the required time period. We will pay the costs of
our liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account or interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. However,
the liquidator may determine that he or she requires additional time to evaluate creditors claims (particularly if there is uncertainty
over the validity or extent of the claims of any creditors). Also, a creditor or shareholder may file a petition with the BVI court which,
if successful, may result in our liquidation being subject to the supervision of that court. Such events might delay distribution of some
or all of our remaining assets. 

Additionally, in any liquidation
proceedings of the company under British Virgin Islands law, the funds held in our trust account may be included in our estate and subject
to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any such claims deplete the trust account
we may not be able to return to our public shareholders the liquidation amounts payable to them. 

If we do not complete an
initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering, other than the proceeds deposited in
the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account or any amount that may be deposited into the trust account to extend the date by which the Company has to complete
a business combination, the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could,
however, become subject to the claims of our creditors, which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders.
The actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.10, plus interest (net of taxes payable, and
less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 

4 

Although we will seek to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our
public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they
would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of
fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in
order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third
party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an
analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver
if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third
party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other
consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to
execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future
as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account or any amount that may be deposited into the trust account to extend the date by which the Company has to complete
a business combination, our sponsor agreed that it will be liable to us,
if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with
which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below 10.10 per share,
except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our
sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, our sponsor may not be able to
satisfy those obligations. Other than as described above, none of our other officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by
third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. We have not independently verified
whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy his indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are
securities of our company. We believe the likelihood of our sponsor having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will
endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 

If we are deemed insolvent
for the purposes of the Insolvency Act, 2003 of the British Virgin Islands, as amended (the Insolvency Act (i.e. (i) we
fail to comply with the requirements of a statutory demand that has not been set aside under section 157 of the Insolvency Act; (ii) execution
or other process issued on a judgment, decree or order of a British Virgin Islands Court in favor of a creditor of the company is returned
wholly or partly unsatisfied; or (iii) either the value of the company s liabilities exceeds its assets, or the company is unable
to pay its debts as they fall due), then there are very limited circumstances where prior payments made to shareholders or other parties
may be deemed to be a voidable transaction for the purposes of the Insolvency Act. A voidable transaction would include,
for these purposes, payments made as unfair preferences or transactions at an undervalue . A liquidator appointed
over an insolvent company who considers that a particular transaction or payment is a voidable transaction under the Insolvency Act could
apply to the British Virgin Islands Courts for an order setting aside that payment or transaction in whole or in part. 

Additionally, if we enter
insolvent liquidation under the Insolvency Act, the funds held in our trust account will likely be included in our estate and subject
to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any insolvency claims deplete the trust
account you may not be able to return to our public shareholders the liquidation amounts due them. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of a redemption of the public shares prior to any winding up
in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within 12 months of the closing of the offering (or October 17, 2023,
if we decide to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), (ii) if they redeem their shares in connection with an
initial business combination that we consummate or (iii) if they redeem their shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of
our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the time period specified in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business
combination activity. In no other circumstances shall a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection
with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share
of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

5 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours.
Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or
through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target
businesses that we could complete a business combination with utilizing the net proceeds of the initial public offering, our ability to
compete in completing a business combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources.
Furthermore, the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, we acquire a target business or businesses having a
fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (less deferred underwriting discounts and any taxes payable
on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the
business combination, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights, and
our outstanding private placement warrants and the potential future dilution they represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target
businesses. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors
presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition
opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need
to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to
us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, subject to his
or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer
or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our
company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to
pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially
undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information 

We are an emerging growth
company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised, and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised
standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statement with another public company which is neither an emerging
growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the date of the IPO, (b)
in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. 

6 

Employees 

We currently have one officer.
This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much of his time as
he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he will devote in any time
period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business
combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

Our independent
registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability
continue as a going concern . 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had cash of 54,719 and a working capital of 9,721. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs
as a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses in connection with our initial
business combination activities. Management s plans to address any need for additional capital are discussed in Part II,
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that
any efforts to raise capital (if required) or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others,
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statement contained elsewhere in
this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

If we were considered to be a foreign
person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination
is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in
the United States CFIUS ). 

Our sponsor is controlled
by or has substantial ties with non-U.S. persons domiciled outside the U.S. Acquisitions and investments by non-U.S. persons in certain
U.S. businesses may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review
certain transactions involving investments by foreign persons in U.S. businesses that have a nexus to critical technologies, critical
infrastructure and/or sensitive personal data in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the U.S.
Were we considered to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us
and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions,
CFIUS review and/or mandatory filings. 

If our potential initial business
combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may not be able to consummate an initial
business combination with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we
may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business
combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide
to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial
business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first
obtaining CFIUS clearance. The potential limitations and risks may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from
pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders.
As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely
affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover, the process of government
review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination,
our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time-period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public
shareholders may only receive their pro rata share of amounts held in the Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. This
will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your
investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at Level 39, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 2, 10 Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018983. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any
material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim,
or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

7 

part
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade
on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol ASCAU on February 15, 2022. Our ordinary shares, warrants
and rights commenced separate trading on Nasdaq on or about March 17, 2022, under the symbols ASCA, 
 ASCAW and ASCAR, respectively. 

Holders of Record 

At March 1, 2023, there were
5,421,695 ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by four holders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the
records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary shares whose shares are held in the names of various
security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time and we will only pay such dividend out
of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under laws of the British Virgin Islands. In addition,
our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future.
Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On February 13, 2023, at its
Extraordinary General Meeting (the Extension Meeting ), the Company s shareholders approved a proposal to amend and
restate the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Charter Amendment to, among
other things, allow the Company to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination up to eight (8) times for an additional
one (1) month each time from February 17, 2023 to October 17, 2023. In connection with the shareholders vote at the Extension Meeting,
the holders of 3,272,305 Class A ordinary shares exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 10.29 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 33.7 million. As such, approximately 47.4 of the public shares
were redeemed and approximately 52.6 of the public shares remain outstanding. Following such redemptions and the deposit of the Extension
Payment, the amount of funds remaining in the Trust Account was approximately 37.3 million. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

8 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and
analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed in the British Virgin Islands on April 29, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). 

Proposed Business Combination 

On February 15, 2023, the
Company entered into a merger agreement (the Merger Agreement with NewGenIvf Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company NewGen ), certain shareholders of NewGen (the Principal Shareholders ), A SPAC I Mini Acquisition Corp., a
British Virgin Islands business company (the Purchaser ), and A SPAC I Mini Sub Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (the Merger Sub ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the Company
will be merged with and into the Purchaser, the separate corporate existence of the Company will cease and the Purchaser will continue
as the surviving corporation and (ii) Merger Sub will merge with and into NewGen and NewGen will continue as the surviving company under
the laws of the Cayman Islands and become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (the NewGen Business Combination ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid to existing shareholders of NewGen is 50,000,000,
which will be paid entirely in stock, comprised of newly issued Class A ordinary shares of the Purchaser at a price of 10.00 per share. 

The Merger Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed Merger is subject to certain
conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

Concurrently with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, the Company, the Purchaser, NewGen and certain shareholders of NewGen (the Supporting Shareholders entered into a voting and support agreement (the Support Agreement pursuant to which such Supporting Shareholders have
agreed, among other things, to vote in favor of the NewGen Business Combination, the adoption of the Merger Agreement and any other matters
necessary or reasonably requested by the Company, the Purchaser or the Company for consummation of the NewGen Business Combination and
the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

See the Current Report on
For 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on February 16, 2023 for additional information. 

Extension and Redemptions 

On
February 13, 2023, at its Extraordinary General Meeting (the Extension Meeting ), the Company s shareholders approved
a proposal to amend and restate the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Charter Amendment to, among other things, allow the Company to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination up to eight (8) times
for an additional one (1) month each time from February 17, 2023 to October 17, 2023. In connection with the shareholders vote
at the Extension Meeting, 3,272,305 Class A ordinary shares were tendered for redemption. On February 14, 2023, following the shareholder
approval, the Company filed the Charter Amendment with the British Virgin Islands Registrar of Corporate Affairs. On February 14, 2023,
the Company made a deposit of 90,000 (the Extension Payment to the Trust Account and extended the from February 17, 2023
to March 17, 2023. Following such redemptions and the deposit of the Extension Payment, the amount of funds remaining in the Trust Account
was approximately 37.3 million. 

9 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering IPO described below and, subsequent to the IPO, our only
activities have been seeking a target business with which to complete a business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account after the initial public offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a
public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection
with searching for, and completing, a business combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net income of 500,650, which consisted of loss of approximately 504,907 derived from general and administrative expenses,
offset by interest earned on marketable securities of approximately 1,005,557. 

For the period from April
29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 2,250, which consisted of formation and operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

On February 17, 2022, the
Company consummated the IPO of 6,000,000 units (which does not include the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in
the IPO) at an offering price of 10.00 per unit (the Units ), generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000 and incurring offering
costs of 4,348,878, of which 2,100,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company
consummated the private placement Private Placement with A SPAC (Holdings) Acquisition Corp., the Company s sponsor,
of 2,875,000 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 2,875,000.
Upon the closing of the IPO on February 17, 2022, 60,600,000 10.10 per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units
in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account. A total of 1,025,000 was deposited into the operating
account of the Company. 

The Company granted the underwriter
a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 900,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On February 25, 2022,
the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option to purchase 900,000 Units (the Over-allotment Offering ). Concurrently
with the underwriter s exercise of such option, the Company consummated a private placement of 270,000 private placement warrants
at a price of 1.00 per warrant (the Over-allotment Private Placement ). A total of 9,090,000, comprised of the net proceeds
of the Over-allotment Offering and proceeds from the Over-allotment Private Placement, was placed in the Trust Account. 

Following the IPO, the full
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Warrants, we had 1,025,000 of cash held outside of the Trust Account,
after payment of costs related to the IPO, available for working capital purposes. We incurred a total of 4,918,415 in transaction costs,
including 1,380,000 of cash underwriting fees, 2,415,000 of deferred underwriting fees, the fair value of the representative shares
of 571,448, and 551,967 of other offering costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 527,123
and none for the period from April 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had marketable securities of 70,694,702 held in the Trust Account consisting United States government securities with a maturity of 185
days or less. We intend to use substantially all of funds held in the Trust Account, and any additional funding from our sponsor s
promissory note commitment, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our
share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in
the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target
business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations,
for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay
any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the
funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

10 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash of 54,719 outside of the Trust Account and working capital of 9,721. On January 27, 2023, our Sponsor loaned to us 500,000
pursuant to a promissory note. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the completion of the Business Combination. 

The Company has 12 months
from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination (unless further extended as described herein). It is uncertain that we
will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will
be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

Until consummation of the
Business Combination, we intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition
candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the
target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. If our estimate of the costs of identifying
a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. In this event, our officers,
directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If
we consummate an initial Business Combination, we would repay such Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released
to us upon consummation of the Business Combination. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of
the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be
used for such repayment. Except for the 500,000 the Sponsor loaned to us pursuant to a promissory note on January 27, 2023, the terms
of such Working Capital Loans by our initial shareholders, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. 

We expect to continue to
incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of
the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in
accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the working capital loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of the
Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors. In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period (by October 17, 2023), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a
voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to
consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such
additional condition also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

11 

Contractual Obligations 

At December 31, 2022 we did
not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than the commitments
to the below: 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, the private placement warrants (and their underlying securities) and the warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working
Capital Loans (and their underlying securities) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed
on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that the Company
register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founder shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
commencing three months prior to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of
the private placement warrants and warrants issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (or underlying securities)
can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of
a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted Chardan,
the representative of the underwriters in the IPO a 45-day option from the date of the IPO prospectus to purchase up to 900,000 additional
Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 25, 2022, the underwriters
exercised their over-allotment option to purchase 900,000 Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 9,000,000. 

The underwriters were paid
a total cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 1,380,000 upon the closing of the IPO and full exercise of the over-allotment
option. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred commission of 0.35 per unit, or 2,415,000, which will be paid upon
the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Representative s Ordinary Shares 

The Company issued to Chardan
and/or its designees a total of 69,000 Class A ordinary shares at the closing of the IPO and full exercise of the over-allotment option. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Deferred Offering Costs 

Deferred offering costs consist
of direct costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the IPO and that will be charged to shareholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. Should the IPO prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs, as well as additional expenses to
be incurred, will be charged to operations. 

Warrant Instruments 

The Company accounts for warrants
as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the instruments specific terms and applicable
authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers
whether the instruments are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC
480, and whether the instruments meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the instruments
are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the instrument holders could potentially require net cash settlement 
in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires
the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while
the instruments are outstanding. The Company determined that upon further review of the warrant agreement, management concluded that the
public warrants and private warrants issued pursuant to the warrant agreement qualify for equity accounting treatment. 

12 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

The Company accounts for its
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity . Ordinary share subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at
fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The Company s
ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are subject to occurrence of uncertain future events and considered to be outside
of the Company s control. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either
(i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that
the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement will be treated as a deemed dividend
(i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

In March 2022, the Company
revisited its application of ASC 480-10-S99 on the Company s financial statements and determined that a change in accounting method
for redeemable shares is necessary. Subsequently in March 2022, the Company changed its accounting method to accrete the changes in the
redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become
redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument. The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements
of ASC 250 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections which requires that an entity may voluntarily change an accounting principle
only if it justifies the use of an allowable alternative accounting principle on the basis that it is preferable and meets criteria such
as authoritative support, rationality and industry practice. The Company believes that the change in accounting principle is preferable
as it meets all three criteria. First, the accretion method is one of the two accounting methods supported by ASC 480-10-S99. Second,
justification for the change is rational in terms of presenting financial position and results of operations. When evaluating a change
in accounting methods, the Company considered several factors such as: 1) conformity with broad concept of accounting (i.e., more accurate
reflection of permanent and temporary equity) and 2) suitability in light of business circumstances, plans and policies (i.e., compliance
with Nasdaq listing requirements and the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association). Finally, the accretion
method is adopted by other similarly situated SPACs (i.e., smaller sized SPACs listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market). 

ASC 250-10-50-1 through 250-10-50-3
require that a change in accounting principle made in an interim period be reported by retrospective application, both to the prior years,
as well as to the interim periods within the fiscal year that the accounting change was adopted. The Company does not qualify for the
restatement of financial statements since it initially elected an allowable accounting method (full redemption) for the accounting of
redeemable shares in the Form 8-K Audited Balance Sheet as of February 17, 2022 which was filed on March 4, 2022; as such, there is no
error to be restated on. On April 5, 2022, the Company filed Form 8-K Pro Forma Balance Sheet as of February 17, 2022 reflecting the change
in accounting method. In addition, the change of accounting principle does not have any impact on the previously issued financial statements. 

The Company has adopted the
accretion method starting its first quarter ending March 31, 2022 and recognizes changes in redemption value in additional paid-in capital
(or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period leading up to a Business Combination.
The change to the accretion method does not have any impact on the Company s Statements of Operations or Cash Flows. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

The Company complies with
accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The condensed statements of operations include a presentation
of income (loss) per redeemable share and income (loss) per non-redeemable share following the two-class method of income per share. In
order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered
the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss)
is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based
on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion
to redemption value of the common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders.
As of December 31,2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or
converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic
loss per share for the period presented. 

13 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU
2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation
of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance
pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures
for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends
the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. The
amendments are effective for smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

Our management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for
qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with
new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the consolidated financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective
dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404,(ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies
under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional
information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive
compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation
to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public
Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

14 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

This information appears following Item 15 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer
(our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant
to Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

15 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and
regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, 

(2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections . 

Not applicable. 

16 

part
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Claudius Tsang 
 46 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman 
 
 Abuzzal Abusaeri 
 48 
 Independent Director 
 
 Giang Nguyen Hoang 
 36 
 Independent Director 
 
 John Brebeck 
 58 
 Independent Director 

Below is a summary of the business experience
of each our executive officers and directors: 

Mr. Claudius
Tsang has served as our Chief Executive Officer since April 2021 and Chairman and Chief Financial Officer since July 2021. Mr.
Tsang has over 20 years of experience in capital markets, with a strong track record of success in private equity, M A
transactions, and PIPE investments. Mr. Tsang was the Co-head of Private Equity (North Asia) at Templeton Asset Management Limited
and a Partner of Templeton Private Equity Partners, a leading global emerging markets private equity firm that is part of Franklin
Templeton Investments. Since 2022, Mr. Tsang has been the non-executive director of Unity
Group Holdings International Limited (SEHK:1539), a publicly listed investment company engages in the leasing and trading of energy saving
products in Hong Kong. During his 15-year career at Templeton, Mr. Tsang served in various positions, including Partner, Senior
Executive Director, and Vice President. Mr. Tsang was responsible for the overall investment, management, and operations activities
of Templeton Private Equity Partners in North Asia. His role encompassed overseeing the analysis and evaluation of opportunities for
strategic equity investments in Asia. During his tenure, Mr. Tsang managed 1 billion in private equity funds, with approximately 50
portfolio companies. He was also involved in the management of a 3 billion fund, which was the largest Central Eastern European
listed closed-end fund at the time of IPO in London. From July 2007 to June 2008, Mr. Tsang joined Lehman Brothers, where he managed
private equity projects in Hong Kong, China, Taiwan and the United States. At Lehman Brothers, Mr. Tsang managed 500 million
proprietary funds. Mr. Tsang served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Model Performance Acquisition Corp., from March
2021 and July 2021 respectively, until it closed its business combination with MultiMetaVerse Inc. in January 2023. Since November
2022, he has served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director of A Paradigm Acquisition Corp., and as the Chief
Investment Officer of JVSPAC Acquisition Corp. since April 2021. He has served as
the Chief Financial Officer of A SPAC II Acquisition Corp since July 2021 and as the Director and Chief Executive Officer of A SPAC
(HK) Acquisition Corp since February 2022 and March 2022, respectively. Mr. Tsang served as a director of the CFA Society of
Hong Kong from 2013 to 2021. Mr. Tsang obtained a Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of
Business in 2017, a bachelor s degree in law from Tsinghua University in 2005, and a bachelor s degree in engineering
from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1998. Mr. Tsang is also a CFA charter holder. 

Mr. Abuzzal
Abusaeri has served as our director since February 2022. Mr. Abusaeri has almost two decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions, growth strategy
formulation and capital market transactions across a range of portfolio companies in diverse industries. Since 2016, Mr. Abusaeri
has been the Head of Corporate Finance with a focus on Mergers and Acquisitions for Global Mediacom, a leading media and
entertainment group in Indonesia. During his tenure, Mr. Abusaeri manages sell-side and buy-side M A investments of the company,
advises investments within the venture capital space and leads issuance of bonds. His experience entails acquisitions and strategic
investments in a number of media and technology companies in emerging markets. From 2009 to 2016, Mr. Abusaeri served as the Vice
President of Corporate Finance for Fairways Investment Group, an Indonesian based investment holding company focusing on consumer
related companies. Mr. Abusaeri was responsible for managing portfolio companies which included acting as Chief Financial Officer
and leading the development of a consumer lending startup, and overseeing the growth strategy and execution of an Indonesian
healthcare company. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Abusaeri served as the Senior Assistant Vice President for Bank Danamon, one of the
largest bank of Indonesia with approximately IDR200 trillion asset size in 2020. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Abusaeri served as the
Assistant Vice President for Bank Lippo, currently Bank CIMB Niaga. During his tenure, Mr. Abusaeri led the bank s business
and economic research unit where he conducted a number of research within Indonesia s consumer and corporate banking industry.
From 2004 to 2005, Mr. Abusaeri served as the Research Analyst for McKinsey and Co, where he was part of the firm s financial
institution group practice and part of the team that advised a number of large Indonesian banks. From 2003 to 2004, Mr. Abusaeri
served as the Research Analyst for DBS Vickers Securities, a securities and derivatives brokerage firm with international Asian
focus in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Mr. Abusaeri obtained his Master of
Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business in 2018, Master of Science in Investment Management
from Bayes Business School, University of London in 2002, and bachelor degree of Economics from the Trisakti University in 1998. 

17 

Mr. Giang Nguyen
Hoang has served as our director since February 2022. Mr. Giang has over 13 years of experience in capital market, business
management, strategic management, entrepreneurship, and risk management. Since 2020, Mr. Giang has served as the Chairman for DNSE
Securities JSC, a stock trading and brokerage firm in Vietnam. Since 2018, Mr. Giang has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer for Encapital Fintech JSC, a fintech company in Vietnam providing financial technology solutions for investors in Vietnam.
During his tenure, Mr. Giang was responsible for setting the vision, direction and strategy for the organization and was responsible
for overseeing the growth and expansion of the business. Mr. Giang also serves as a board member of numerous organizations,
including TNG Investment and Trading JSC (HNX:TNG), a publicly listed garment manufacturing company in Vietnam (since 2021), and
Southern Gas Trading Joint Stock Company (since 2019). From 2008 to 2018, Mr. Giang was a 10-year veteran of VNDIRECT Securities
Corporation, a publicly listed brokerage firm in Vietnam, focusing on individual investors through a proprietary online trading
platform, where he held various positions including Chief Executive Officer, Risk Management Manager, Manager, and Business Analyst
for Research and Development Department. During his tenure, Mr. Giang oversaw the company s business strategy, operations and
compliance matters. Mr. Giang obtained his Master of Business Administration from the University of Chicago Booth School of
Business, and his Bachelor of Science and Computer Engineering from University of Nebraska. 

Mr. John
Brebeck has served as our director since February 2022. He has over 25 years of experience in corporate management, capital
market, strategic development, and business operations. Since 2021, Mr. Brebeck has served as the Vice President of Investor
Relations for Glass House Brands, a vertically-integrated producer of premium sun-grown cannabis, with
a dedicated focus on the California market and building leading, lasting brands to serve consumers across all segments . From
2018 to 2021, Mr. Brebeck served as the Senior Advisor to Quantum International Corp., a research-based capital market solution
provider specializing in long-term shareholder value creation, AGM management, capital market and corporate financial solutions.
From 2008 to 2022, he also served as the External Director for Dalton Greater China Fund, an equity fund that targeted companies
benefiting from China s growth and that sought to capitalize on inefficiencies in the China equity markets. From 2014 to 2021,
Mr. Brebeck served as a board member for Hydroionic Envirotec Company Limited, a technology company working towards zero heavy metal
emissions and focusing heavy metal recycling. From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Brebeck served as the Managing Director for Peace Field
Limited, a Hong Kong based professional service provider that offers financial, strategic, and operational advisory services for
mid-market companies. Prior to 2014, Mr. Brebeck served in numerous positions, including as President of Yuanta Investment
Consulting, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yuanta Financial Holdings, a leading domestic broker in Taiwan, and as research head for
The Dalton Greater China Fund and JP Morgan Securities in Taiwan. Mr. Brebeck is a Chartered Financial Analyst. He obtained his
Master of Business Administration degree from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business and his Bachelor of Arts in China
Regional Studies from Georgetown University. 

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Directors 

Our Board of Directors consists
of four members. The holder of our outstanding Class B ordinary share will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation
of our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares, including the public shares, will not have the right to
vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended by a resolution passed by holders of at least a majority of our ordinary shares who are eligible to vote and attend
and vote in a general meeting our shareholders. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special
rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of
the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by the holder of our outstanding Class B ordinary share. 

Our officers are elected by
the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of Directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems
appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief
Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices
as may be determined by the Board of Directors. 

18 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with the company). Our board has determined that each of Mr. Abuzzal Abusaeri, Mr. Giang Nguyen Hoang and Mr. John
Brebeck are independent directors under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present. 

Board Committees 

Our Board of Directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating committee. Each committee operates under a charter,
in the form previously filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, adopted
in connection with the consummation of the IPO, and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Subject to phase-in rules
and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our audit committee are Abuzzal Abusaeri, Giang Nguyen Hoang and John Brebeck. Mr.
Abusaeri serves as chairperson of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Abusaeri qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors
and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other
registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in
order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the
independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control
review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the
preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal,
regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

19 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the Board of Directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Abuzzal Abusaeri, Giang Nguyen Hoang and John Brebeck.
Mr. Abusaeri serves as chairperson of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the
principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive
Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements
for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter provides that
the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other
adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before
engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will
consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating committee of the
Board of Directors, which consists of Abuzzal Abusaeri, Giang Nguyen Hoang and John Brebeck, each of whom is an independent director under
the Nasdaq listing standards. Mr. Abusaeri will serves as chairperson of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our Board of Directors. The nominating committee considers persons
identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are
specified in the nominating committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the Board of Directors and
bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the
shareholders. 

20 

The nominating committee will
consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in
evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the Board of Directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or
attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under British Virgin Islands law, directors and
officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different classes of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a
duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having
both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried
out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors
have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized
in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted
in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Each of our directors and
officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity.
Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and
only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under British Virgin Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or
officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would
materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

21 

In addition, our sponsor,
officers and directors are now, and may in the future, sponsor or participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of,
any other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period
in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments, may present additional conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented, in pursuing an initial business target
and in allocating their time to devote to our affairs. In particular, our officers and directors, and affiliates of our officers and directors,
are currently sponsoring other blank check companies, and may look for an acquisition target in any location, has a window in which it
may complete its initial business combination that overlaps the corresponding window we have. However, we do not believe that any such
potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, because our management and director
team has experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously. Potential investors should also be
aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment
and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated.
Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business
combination within 12 months after the closing of the initial public offering (or October 17, 2023, if we extend the period of time to
consummate a business combination). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds
of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares and warrants
and rights will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable
by our sponsor until the earlier of (1) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and (2) the date on which
we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination
that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the last sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits,
share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. With
certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor. Since our sponsor
and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares, warrants and rights, our officers and directors may have a
conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

The conflicts described above
may not be resolved in our favor. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions or an independent accounting
firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit
our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to the
terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares held by them (and their permitted transferees will agree)
and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination, to the extent permitted by
law. 

22 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers
and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Claudius Tsang 
 
 A Paradigm Acquisition Corp. 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

Female Entrepreneurs Worldwide 
 
 Internet Community 
 
 Advisor 

ACH 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Investment Director 

Beijing ReeChain Technology Limited 
 
 Blockchain 
 
 Director 

JVSakk Asset Management Limited 
 
 Finance 
 
 Partner 

JVSPAC Acquisition Corp. 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chief Investment Officer 

A SPAC II Acquisition Corp. 
 
 SPAC 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

A SPAC (HK) Acquisition Corp 

Unity Group Holdings International Limited. 

SPAC 

Investment 

Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director 

Non-executive director 

Abuzzal Abusaeri 
 
 Global Mediacom 
 
 Media and entertainment 
 
 Head of Corporate Finance 

Fairways Capital 
 
 Investment 
 
 VP Corporate Finance Strategy 

Bank Danamon 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Sr AVP Strategic Planning 

Bank Lippo 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 AVP 

McKinsey Co 
 
 Management Consulting 
 
 Research Analyst 

DBS Vickers 
 
 Equity Brokerage 
 
 Research Analyst 
 
 Giang Nguyen Hoang 
 
 DNSE Securities Joint Stock Company 
 
 Securities trading 
 
 Chairman 

Encapital Financial Technology Joint Stock Company 
 
 Fintech software 
 
 Founder Chairman CEO 

Encapital Holdings Joint Stock Company 
 
 Investment 
 
 Founder, Chairman CEO 

Eagle Partner Advisory Joint Stock Company 
 
 Investment advisory 
 
 CEO 

Southern Gas Trading Joint Stock Company 
 
 Gas trading 
 
 Member of BOD 

TNG Investment and Trading Joint Stock Company 
 
 Textile 
 
 Member of BOD 

Enpay Payment Joint Stock Company 
 
 Payment Medetiary 
 
 Chairman 
 
 John Brebeck 
 
 Glass House Brands 
 
 Consumer Packaged Goods 
 
 Vice President, Shareholder 

Hydroionic Technologies 
 
 Metal Reycling 
 
 Shareholder 

Northwest Biotherapeutics (NWBO) 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Shareholder 

Gogolook 
 
 Application Software 
 
 Shareholder 

eCloud Valley (6689.TW) 
 
 Cloud Services Provider 
 
 Shareholder 

Grassdoor 
 
 Delivery Service 
 
 Shareholder 

Bayshore Hospitality 
 
 Hospitality 
 
 Shareholder 

Healthy Pecan Farms 
 
 Pecan grower 
 
 Shareholder 

Polarean Imaging PLC (POLX.L) 
 
 Medical Imaging 
 
 Shareholder 

Remotek (3391.TW) 
 
 Telecom Power 
 
 Shareholder 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted a code of conduct
and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The code of ethics
codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

BVI law does not limit the
extent to which a company s articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent
any provision providing indemnification may be held by the BVI courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification
against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Under our memorandum and articles of association, we indemnify against
all expenses, including legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection
with legal, administrative or investigative proceedings for any person who: 

is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed proceedings,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that the person is or was our director; or 

is or was, at our request, serving as a director or officer of, or in any other capacity is or was acting
for, another body corporate or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 

These indemnities only apply
if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to our best interests and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person
had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

This standard of conduct is
generally the same as permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law for a Delaware corporation. Insofar as indemnification for
liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling us under the foregoing
provisions, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

23 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and
greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting
persons. 

Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable
to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any
employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will
be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the
reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement,
or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
as of March 1, 2023 the number of Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and directors and (iii) all of
our officers and directors as a group. As of March 1, 2023, we had 5,421,695 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Unless otherwise
indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. 

Ordinary shares which an individual
or group has a right to acquire within 60 days pursuant to the exercise or conversion of options, warrants or other similar convertible
or derivative securities are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or
group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the
table. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Ordinary Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Claudius Tsang (3) 
 1,725,000 
 31.8 
 
 Abuzzal Abusaeri 

Giang Nguyen Hoang 

John Brebeck 

All executive officers and directors as a group (4 individuals) 
 1,725,000 
 31.8 

A SPAC (Holdings) Acquisition Corp. 
 1,725,000 
 31.8 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (4 
 400,033 
 7.4 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5 
 655,600 
 12.0 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (6 
 649,925 
 12.0 
 
 MMCAP International Inc. SPC (7) 
 500,000 
 9.2 
 
 Karpus Investment Management (8 
 497,850 
 9.2 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is Level 39, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Tower 2, 10 Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018983. 

24 

(2) 
 Excludes shares issuable pursuant to warrants and rights issued in connection with the IPO, as such warrants and rights are not exercisable or convertible, as the case may be, until after the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of shares owned by A SPAC (Holdings) Acquisition Corp., over which Mr. Claudius Tsang has voting and dispositive power. A SPAC (Holdings) Acquisition Corp. also owns one Class B ordinary share. 
 
 (4) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 
 
 (6) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 
 
 (7) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G jointly filed by MMCAP International Inc. SPC and MM Asset Management Inc. The addresses for the reporting persons are c/o Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 1348, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and 161 Bay Street, TD Canada Trust Tower Suite 2240, Toronto, ON M5J 2S1 Canada, respectively. 
 
 (8) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed by the reporting person. The address for the reporting person is 183 Sully s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. 

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Warrants

The founder shares, and private
warrants, and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant
to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us to be entered into by our sponsor, officers and directors. Those lock-up provisions
provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A) six months
after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price
of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances,
subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after
our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a
liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right
to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants
at any time, except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors,
any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s immediate family or an affiliate of such
person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of
the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) in the event of our liquidation
prior to our completion of our initial business combination; or (f) by virtue of the laws of the British Virgin Islands or our sponsor s
operating agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (f) these permitted
transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered
into by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions). 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private warrants, shares being issued to the underwriters of the initial public offering, and warrants that may be issued on conversion
of working capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after
conversion to our Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with
respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to
register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides
that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable
lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) six months after the completion of our initial
business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of Class A ordinary shares equals
or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination, or (y) the date
following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants, including the component securities therein,
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the above, the shares to be issued to the underwriters
in the initial public offering will be further subject to the limitations on registration requirements imposed by FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8).
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

25 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On June 7, 2021, we issued
2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 or approximately 0.01 per share. On July
19, 2021, 2,874,999 Class B ordinary shares were repurchased and cancelled at an aggregate repurchase price of 25,000 or approximately
 0.01 per share, resulting in one Class B ordinary share in issue after the repurchase. On the same day, we issued 2,300,000 Class A ordinary
shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.01 per share. Subsequently, on January 14, 2022,
our sponsor surrendered for no consideration and we canceled 575,000 of such Class A ordinary shares, resulting in 1,725,000 Class A ordinary
shares remaining outstanding. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement with the Sponsor of 2,875,000 warrants (the
 Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of 2,875,000. On March 1, 2022, simultaneously
with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional 270,000 Private Warrants to
the sponsor generating gross proceeds of 270,000. Each private placement warrant is identical to the warrants sold in the IPO, except
with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to the founder shares or private placement warrants. The warrants will expire worthless if we do not
consummate a business combination within the time period specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

On January 27, 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount up to 500,000 (the Second Note to A SPAC (Holdings)
Acquisition Corp., the Company s sponsor. Pursuant to the Second Note, the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount
up to 500,000 payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates a business combination. In the event that the Company
does not consummate a business combination, the Second Note will be terminated. The Second Note is convertible into warrants having the
same terms and conditions as the public warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The Second Note does
not bear interest. 

As more fully discussed above,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
British Virgin Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that
may take priority over their duties to us. 

Other than the foregoing,
no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a
loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers,
directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no
cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,150,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to the initial holders, including as to exercise price, exercisability and
exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist
with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do
not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in
our trust account. 

26 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with
any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable,
as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued on conversion of working
capital loans (and in each case holders of their component securities, as applicable), which is described under the heading Registration
Rights. 

Related Party Policy 

We have adopted a code of
ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our Board
of Directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics,
conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company. The code of ethics is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which our IPO prospectus
is a part. 

In addition, our audit committee,
pursuant to a written charter that we have adopted, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the
extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting
at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire
audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee
will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent
accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s
fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered
to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made
to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of the initial public
offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of up to 500,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor for working capital
purposes; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
business combination; and 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been
determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,150,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender; 

Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

27 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Item 14 . Principal
Accountant Fees and Services. 

On March 10, 2022, the
Company dismissed Bernstein Pinchuk LLP as its independent registered public accounting firm and engaged Marcum Bernstein
 Pinchuk LLP as its independent registered public accounting firm. Marcum Bernstein Pinchuk LLP changed its name to
Marcum Asia CPAs LLP Marcum Asia on September 7, 2022. The engagement of Marcum
Asia was approved by the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. During the period from March 10, 2022
through December 31, 2022, Marcum Asia has acted as our principal independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a
summary of fees paid or to be paid to both firms for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees
consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Bernstein Pinchuk LLP in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Bernstein Pinchuk LLP
totaled 65,790 for the period from April 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and 26,135 from January 1, 2022 through March
10, 2022. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum Asia since its engagement on March 10, 2022 totaled 108,150 for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial information included in our regulatory filings. 

Audit - Related Fees .
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. During the period from April 29, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not pay Bernstein Pinchuk LLP or Marcum Asia any audit-related
fees. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay
Bernstein Pinchuk LLP or Marcum Asia for tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice for the period from April 29, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

All Other Fees . We did
not pay Bernstein Pinchuk LLP or Marcum Asia for any other fees for the period from April 29, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

28 

part
IV 

Item 15 . Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial
Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) Financial
Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the
SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

29 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement,
 dated February 14, 2022, by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022) 

2.1 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated
 as of February 15, 2023, by and among A SPAC I Acquisition Corp., NewGenIvf Limited, certain shareholders of NewGenIvf Limited, A
 SPAC I Mini Acquisition Corp., and A SPAC I Mini Sub Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 16, 2023) 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum
 and Articles of Association of A SPAC I Acquisition Corp, amended and restated on February 14, 2023 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 16, 2023) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 10, 2022) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary
 Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on February 10, 2022) 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on February 10, 2022) 

4.5 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated
 February 14, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022) 

30 

4.6 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated
 February 14, 2022, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022) 

4.7 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements by and
 between the Registrant and each of the initial shareholders, officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust
 Account Agreement, dated February 14, 2022 by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18,
 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement,
 dated February 14, 2022, among the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial shareholders (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18,
 2022) 

10.4 
 
 Warrant Subscription Agreement,
 dated February 14, 2022, by and between the Registrant and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022) 

10.5 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement,
 dated February 14, 2022 by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022) 

10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated
 February 14, 2022 among the Registrant, directors, officers and shareholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 18, 2022) 

10.7 
 
 Securities Subscription
 Agreement, dated June 4, 2021, by and between the Registrant and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration
 Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022) 

10.8 
 
 Securities Subscription
 Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Registrant and the sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration
 Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 10, 2022) 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note, dated
 January 27, 2023, issued to the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
 Securities Exchange Commission on February 3, 2023) 

10.10 
 
 Voting and Support Agreement,
 dated as of February 15, 2023, by and among A SPAC I Acquisition Corp., A SPAC I Mini Acquisition Corp., NewGenIvf Limited, and certain
 shareholders of NewGenIvf Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on February 16, 2023) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated
 Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on February 16, 2023) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 16, 2023) 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February
 10, 2022) 

31 

21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 10, 2022) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee
 Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange
 Commission on February 10, 2022) 

99.3 
 
 Nominating Committee Charter
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 10, 2022) 

99.4 
 
 Press Release dated February
 16, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
 on February 16, 2023) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished
solely to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Company, whether made before or after the
date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not Applicable. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

Dated: March 3, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Claudius Tsang 

Name: 
 Claudius Tsang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and
Chief 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 Claudius Tsang 
 
 Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal 
 Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Abuzzal Abusaeri 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 Abuzzal Abusaeri 

/s/ John Brebeck 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 
 
 John Brebeck 

/s/ Giang Nguyen Hoang 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3 , 2023 
 
 Giang Nguyen Hoang 

33 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum Asia LLP 
 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity/Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
A SPAC I Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of A SPAC I Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations,
change in shareholders equity and cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 29, 2021 (Inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 29, 2021 (Inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the company s liquidation
date is less than one year from the date of the financial statements is issued. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum Asia CPAs llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 3, 2023 

Firm ID#: 

NEW YORK OFFICE 7 Penn Plaza Suite
830 New York, New York 10001 

Phone 646.442.4845 Fax 646.349.5200 
www.marcumasia.com 

F- 2 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Deferred offering costs 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Shares Subject to Redemption and Shareholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, no par value; shares at accretion carrying value with redemption value of per share 

Shareholders Equity 

Preference shares, no par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 6,900,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 (1) 

Class B ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities, Shares Subject to Redemption, and Shareholders Equity 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 
 For the period from April 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares attributable to A SPAC I Acquisition Corp.

1 2 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per share, ordinary shares attributable to A SPAC I Acquisition Corp.

(1) 

(2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A 

Class B 

(Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional 
 paid-in capital 

deficit) 
Retained 
earning 

Total 
Shareholders 
 equity 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Sale of public units in initial public offering 

Sale of private placement warrants 

Issuance of Representative shares 

Underwriter commissions 

() 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Initial measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion of ordinary shares to redemption value 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

Balance December 31, 2022 

For the period from April 29, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 
 
 Balance April 29, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Founder Shares to Sponsor (1)
 (2) 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

(1) 

(2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from April 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned in trust account 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

General and administrative expenses paid by related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in trust account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement warrants 

Payment of underwriters commissions 

Payment of offering costs 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Payment of related party advances 

Payment of promissory note - related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Deferred underwriting commission 

Initial measurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

units (which does
not include the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters in the IPO) at an offering price of per unit (the Units ),
generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement Private
Placement with A SPAC (Holdings) Acquisition Corp. (the Sponsor of warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds of . 

per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and a portion of the sale of the
Private Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust
as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution
of the Trust Account as described below. 

Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Option Units ),
if any. Subsequently, on February 25, 2022, the over-allotment option was exercised in full. The closing of the Over-Allotment Option
Units occurred on March 1, 2022 simultaneously with the consummation of the private sale of an additional Private Warrants to
the sponsor generating gross proceeds of . A total of , comprised of the net proceeds of the Over-allotment Offering
and proceeds from the Over-allotment Private Placement, was placed in the Trust Account. 

including 
of cash underwriting fees, , of deferred underwriting fees, the fair value of the representative shares of , and ,
of other offering costs. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

F- 7 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in
conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s
remaining shareholders and the Company s Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held
in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered
or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 8 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

and a working capital of . 

to the Trust Account on February 14, 2022, the Company extended the time to complete the Business Combination by one month, or
March 17, 2023, to consummate a Business Combination (unless further extended pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association). It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

F- 9 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

and in cash as of
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents for both periods. 

were held
in cash and investments in the Trust Account. The Company s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised
of investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities. The estimated fair value of investments held in the Trust
Account are determined using available market information. 

F- 10 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

F- 11 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Accretion of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

F- 12 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Units at a price of per
Unit. . 

Public Shares sold as part
of the Units contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender
offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control
of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. If it is probable that the equity
instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the
date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the
instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately.
The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings,
additional paid-in capital). 

and Nil accretion of carrying value to redemption value, respectively. 

F- 13 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, with no par value Class B
ordinary shares for an aggregate price of . Founder Shares have been retroactively restated to reflect a share repurchase
and subscription agreement pursuant to which on July 19, 2021, Class B ordinary shares were repurchased and cancelled
at an aggregate repurchase price of or approximately per share, resulting in one Class B ordinary share in issue after
the repurchase. On the same day, the Company issued Class A ordinary shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price
of , or approximately per share. Subsequently, on January 14, 2022, the Company canceled of such founder shares,
resulting in founder shares remaining outstanding. The Class B ordinary share will automatically be canceled at the time of
the initial Business Combination. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ).
This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the completion of the IPO. The Note was fully repaid on April 26, 2022. As
of December 31, 2022, there was no amount outstanding under the Note. 

(the Second Note to the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Second
Note, the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount up to payable promptly after the date on which the Company
consummates a Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Second Note will be
terminated. The Second Note is convertible into warrants having the same terms and conditions as the public warrants, at the price of
 per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The Second Note does not bear interest. 

of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrant
would be identical to the Private Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of . The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the IPO, except with respect to certain
registration rights and transfer restrictions. The proceeds from the Private Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held
in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale
of the Private Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and
the Private Warrants and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

F- 14 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 25, 2022, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option to purchase Units, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

per unit, or upon the closing of the IPO and over-allotment. In addition, the underwriters will be entitled
to a deferred commission of per unit, or , which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts
held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Class A ordinary shares Representative Shares at the closing of the IPO and over-allotment.
The Representative Shares are identical to the public shares except that Chardan Capital Markets, LLC has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any such Representative Shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. In addition, Chardan
Capital Markets, LLC has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the
Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. The shares have been deemed
compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement
of sales in the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of
any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person
for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the IPO registration statement, nor may they be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the IPO registration statement
except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates. 

Class B ordinary shares were repurchased and cancelled at an aggregate repurchase price of or approximately per
share, resulting in one Class B ordinary share in issue after the repurchase. On the same day, the Company issued 
Class A ordinary shares to the sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of , or approximately per share.
Subsequently, on January 14, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration and canceled of such Class A
ordinary shares, resulting in Class A ordinary shares remaining outstanding. 

F- 15 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

shares of preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be
determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preference shares
issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares with no par value. As of December 31, 2022, there
were shares of Class A ordinary shares outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption. Of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding, up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company
by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part,
so that the Initial Shareholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO.
As a result of the underwriters election to exercise their over-allotment option in full on February 25, 2022, no Class A
ordinary shares are currently subject to forfeiture. 

Class B ordinary shares with no par value. On December 31, 2022, one share Class B ordinary was outstanding, which will automatically be canceled
at the time of the initial Business Combination. 

Warrants outstanding. The Company will account for the Warrants as equity instruments. The Public Warrants
will become exercisable on the later of the completion of a Business Combination and twelve months from the effective date of the
IPO registration statement. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement
covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is
not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise Pubic Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to
exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 16 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

F- 17 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

3 

, (ii) volatility
of , (iii) estimated term of years, resulting in 

F- 18 

A SPAC I ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

(the Second Note to A SPAC (Holdings) Acquisition Corp.,
the Company s sponsor. Pursuant to the Second Note, the Sponsor agreed to loan to the Company an aggregate amount up to 
payable promptly after the date on which the Company consummates a Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate
a Business Combination, the Second Note will be terminated. The Second Note is convertible into warrants having the same terms and conditions
as the public warrants, at the price of per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. The Second Note does not bear interest. 

Class A ordinary shares were tendered for redemption. On February 14, 2023, following the shareholder approval,
the Company filed the Charter Amendment with the British Virgin Islands Registrar of Corporate Affairs. On February 14, 2023, the Company
made a deposit of (the Extension Payment to the Trust Account and extended the from February 17, 2023 to March
17, 2023. Following such redemptions and the deposit of the Extension Payment, the amount of funds remaining in the Trust Account was
approximately million. 

, which will be paid entirely in stock,
comprised of newly issued Class A ordinary shares of the Purchaser at a price of per share. 

F-19 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-7_aspac1acq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, the
end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, A SPAC I Acquisition Corp. (the Company, we, 
 us, or our has four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s Class A ordinary shares, no par value ordinary shares ),
warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares warrants ), rights to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share
and units comprised of one Class A ordinary share, three-fourths (3/4) of one redeemable warrant and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10)
of one Class A ordinary share. 

The following description of
the Company s share capital and provisions of the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and
the Companies Act are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association and the Companies Act. 

General 

Pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 100,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with no par value each, 100
Class B ordinary shares with no par value each and 1,000,000 preference shares with no par value each. 

Units 

Each unit has an offering price
of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share, three-fourths (3/4) of one redeemable warrant and one right to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one Class A ordinary share. 

You must exercise warrants in
multiples of four warrants, at a price of 11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment described in the initial public offering prospectus,
to validly exercise your warrants. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his, her or its warrants only
for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
warrants will trade. 

Each right entitles the holder
thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon completion of our initial business combination. We will not
issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share
or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of British Virgin Islands law. As a result, you must hold rights in
multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A ordinary shareholders
and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders
and vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the
right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not
be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association with class rights may not be amended without a resolution passed by holders of at least a majority of the total number
of ordinary shares of that class that have voted and are entitled to vote thereon. Unless specified in the Companies Act, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary
shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders (other than the election of directors prior
to our initial business combination), and the affirmative vote of a majority of our Class B ordinary shares is required to approve
the election of directors prior to our initial business combination. Directors are elected for the term as determined by the holders of
Class B ordinary shares prior to the closing of a business combination, and for the term fixed by the shareholders or directors appointing
him/her not exceeding two years after the closing of a business combination. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election
of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the Class B ordinary shares voted for the election of directors can
elect all of the directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when,
as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

1 

Because our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into
a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of ordinary
shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder
approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with NASDAQ corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on NASDAQ. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings or elect directors. We
may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will provide our Class A
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business
combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described in the initial public offering prospectus.
The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
discounts we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself
in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which
they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described in the initial public
offering prospectus. 

Founder Shares 

The Class A ordinary shares held
by our initial shareholder are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units that were sold in the initial public
offering, and our initial shareholder has the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) Class A ordinary shares
held by our initial shareholder are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (ii) our sponsor,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and
(B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to
complete our initial business combination within 12 months after the closing of the initial public offering (or October 17, 2023, if we
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within such time period. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) six months after the completion
of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of the
Class A ordinary shares equal or exceed 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights issuances,
subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after
our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having
the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

2 

Class B Shares 

Our sponsor holds one Class B
ordinary share. The Class B ordinary share will automatically be canceled at the time of our initial business combination. 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors
will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other
special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board of Directors
will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board of Directors
to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control
of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently
intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

You must exercise warrants in
multiples of four warrants, at a price of 11.50 per full share, subject to adjustment, to validly exercise your warrants. Pursuant to
the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. No fractional
warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will become exercisable on the later
of (a) twelve (12) months from the date of the initial public offering prospectus and (b) thirty (30) days after the first date on which
the Company completes an initial business combination. However, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective
and current registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary share issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current
prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the Class
A ordinary share issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of our initial business
combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall
have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption
from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m.,
New York City time or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional
Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to
be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of
the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (z) the volume weighted
average trading price of our ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we
consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Price is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Price, and the 16.50 per share redemption trigger
price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Value. 

We may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

3 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice
of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of our ordinary
shares equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send
the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The right to exercise will be forfeited
unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record
holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s warrant upon surrender
of such warrant. 

The redemption criteria for our
warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price
and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share
price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the
warrants. 

We will not redeem the warrants
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is
effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period,
except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities
Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of Class A ordinary shares
upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to
effect such registration or qualification. 

If we call the warrants for redemption
as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless
basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y) the fair market value. The fair market
value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on
the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. For example, if a holder
held 400 warrants to purchase 300 shares and the fair market value on the trading date prior to exercise was 15.00, that holder
would receive 70 shares without the payment of any additional cash consideration. Whether we will exercise our option to require
all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our
ordinary shares at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share
issuances. 

The warrants will be issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should
review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding warrants
(including the private placement warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The exercise price and number of
ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend,
extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for
issuances of Class A ordinary share at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their
warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

4 

Except as described above, no
public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary share unless at the time a holder seeks to
exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the Class A
ordinary shares have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder
of the warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain
a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants.
However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle
any such warrant exercise. If the prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not
current or if the Class A ordinary shares is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the
warrants reside, we will not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market
for the warrants may be limited and the warrants may expire worthless. 

We have agreed that, subject to
applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants
are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the initial public offering except that, (i) they will not be redeemable
by us, (ii) they may be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor to the Permitted Transferees and (iii) they may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis. In addition, the private placement warrants (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable except for transfers (i) among the initial shareholders
or to the initial shareholder s members or the company s officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to
a holder s shareholders or members upon the holder s liquidation, in each case if the holder is an entity, (iii) by bona
fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the
holder s immediate family, in each case for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution
upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to the company for no value for cancellation in connection
with the consummation of a business combination, (vii) in the event of the company s liquidation prior to its consummation
of an initial business combination or (viii) in the event that, subsequent to the consummation of an initial business combination,
the company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results in all of the company s
shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, in each case (except for clauses
(vi), (vii) or (viii) or with the company s prior written consent) on the condition that prior to such registration for
transfer, the warrant agent shall be presented with written documentation pursuant to which each permitted transferee or the trustee or
legal guardian for such permitted transferee agrees to be bound by the transfer restrictions contained in the warrant agreement and any
other applicable agreement the transferor is bound by. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will receive
one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such
right redeemed all Class A ordinary shares held by it in connection with the initial business combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial business combination.
If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement
will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the Class A ordinary shares will
receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively
convert its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration)
upon consummation of the business combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election to convert
the rights into underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. 

5 

If we are unable to complete
an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights
will not receive any such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the
trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As soon as practicable upon the
consummation of our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights
agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such rights the number of full Class A
ordinary shares to which it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly
upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their rights
for Class A ordinary shares should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in
nature and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation
of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no
ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver
securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. 

The shares issuable upon conversion
of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). We will not issue fractional shares upon conversion
of the rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the
applicable provisions of British Virgin Islands law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for
all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required
time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to
their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and
the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the
rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This
provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal
district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within
the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not
anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare
dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Right Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary
shares and warrant agent for our warrants and right agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

6 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21>
 3
 f10k2022ex21_aspac1acq.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

List of Subsidiaries of A SPAC I Acquisition
Corp. 

None. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 4
 f10k2022ex31_aspac1acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION OF PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Claudius Tsang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of A SPAC I Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 3, 2023 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal executive officer and Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 f10k2022ex32_aspac1acq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of A SPAC
I Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 3, 2023 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal executive officer and Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 asca-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 asca-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 asca-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 asca-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 asca-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

