<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1847416_0001213900-23-024075.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4439905</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>548570</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>876520</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>968463</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1006221</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>912192</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024075.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329160249
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Orion Biotech Opportunities Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001847416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40410
		FILM NUMBER:		23775151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-303-7822

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VANDERBILT AVENUE, 26TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024075.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_orionbiotech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Not Applicable 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value, and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant ORIAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants included as part of the Units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 ORIAW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was approximately . Solely for purposes of this disclosure, ordinary shares held by executive officers
and directors of the Registrant as of such date have been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination
of executive officers and directors as affiliates is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purposes. 

As of March 29, 2023, Class
A ordinary shares, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares ), were
issued and outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 CERTAIN TERMS 
 
 ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 iv 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 
 v 

PART I 

1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 54 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 54 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 54 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 54 

PART II 

55 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 55 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 56 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 57 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 63 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 63 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 63 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 63 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 64 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 64 

PART III 

65 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 65 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 74 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 75 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 77 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 79 

PART IV 

80 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 
 80 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 80 

i 

CERTAIN
TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the company, adopted on May 12, 2021. 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; 

forward purchase agreement are to the agreement between the company and the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to purchase up to 20,000,000 of forward purchase units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share and will be sold at a purchase price of 10.00 per forward purchase unit in a private placement concurrently with the closing of the initial Business Combination; 

forward purchase investor are to MSD Partners which entered into the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase shares are to Class A ordinary shares to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase securities are to the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants; 

forward purchase units are to the units consisting of one forward purchase share and one-fifth of one forward purchase warrant to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase warrants are to warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

founders are to James Huang and Chrystyna Bedrij Stecyk; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial public offering are to the company s offering on May 12, 2021 of 20,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. 

ii 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

MSD Capital are to MSD Capital, L.P., the family office of Michael Dell and his family; 

MSD Partners are to MSD Partners, L.P., an SEC registered investment adviser formed by partners of MSD Capital; 

ordinary resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

Panacea are to Panacea Venture Healthcare, a venture capital firm focused on early and growth stage healthcare companies globally; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and to be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

special resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

sponsor are to Orion Sponsor Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Strategic Advisors are to John Phelan and Robert Platek. and 

we, us, our, company, our company or Orion are to Orion Biotech Opportunities Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

iii 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some of the statements contained in this Report
may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies
regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or
circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean
that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

the proceeds from the sale of the forward purchase units being available to us; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained
in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There
can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These
risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution
you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments
in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments
may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iv 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

The following is a summary of the principal risks
described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described
in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently
believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material
risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past performance by Mr. Huang and others on our management team, MSD Capital, MSD Partners, or Panacea or any of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the business we may acquire. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation
of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

v 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

We may engage our underwriter or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us after this Report, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriter is entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business
combination and results of operations. 

Our search for a business
combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a business
combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and additional sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in markets around the world. 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

The other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 

vi 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination.
We have not yet identified any potential business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive
discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target. 

Our Forward Purchase Agreement and Committed Capital 

We believe our ability to complete our initial
business combination will be enhanced by the additional security we bring by the forward purchase agreement we entered into with the forward
purchase investor pursuant to which the forward purchase investor has agreed to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 20,000,000 of forward
purchase units. Each forward purchase unit will consist of one Class A ordinary share, or a forward purchase share, and one-fifth of
one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share, or a forward purchase warrant, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, and will
be sold in a private placement concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The amount of forward purchase units
sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be subject to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. 

The forward purchase shares will generally be
identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in the initial public offering, except that they will be entitled
to certain registration rights. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they
are held by the forward purchase investor or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

We believe our committed capital ensures alignment
with shareholders and will make us more attractive to a potential business combination target. 

Competitive Advantages 

We believe that Orion s team has differentiated
operational and investment experience that could be helpful in our pursuit of an initial business combination. We anticipate that this
experience and our affiliation with MSD Partners will position us as a compelling partner to potential targets in the biotechnology and
life sciences industries. We may also be able to offer value to a target business following the completion of an initial business combination
by providing access to our management team s extensive industry network, operational expertise, and capital markets resources. 

Proven track record of value creation :
Our team brings extensive industry experience and strong track records. Panacea has consistently performed in the top quartile among 2008-2018 vintage
venture capital firms based on performance benchmarks, delivering over 1.2 billion 910 million realized) of total value on
 240 million invested over 31 different investments. MSD Partners and MSD Capital together have over two decades of investment experience
and have generated billions of dollars of investment profits. We believe we will benefit from MSD Partners strong reputation in
the marketplace and institutional platform with experienced investment, risk management, and infrastructure personnel. 

1 

Extensive public markets experience : Our
team has extensive experience in helping companies successfully navigate the capital markets, particularly advising on and executing the
transition from private to public markets for growth companies. MSD Partners has been investing in the public markets for many years and
takes a long-term, private equity-like approach to the public markets, investing alongside high-quality management
teams and striving to build positive working relationships. Our CEO James Huang is a biotechnology industry veteran, having previously
held positions as Vice President of Business Development and Commercial Operations at Tularik Inc., which went public through an IPO on
the Nasdaq in December 1999 and reached a billion dollar market capitalization shortly thereafter, becoming one of the first billion
dollar biotechnology IPOs. Tularik was later acquired by Amgen for 1.3 billion. Mr. Huang was also President of Anesiva
Inc. (formerly known as Corgentech) which had a successful IPO on the Nasdaq in 2004. Since becoming a venture capitalist in 2007, Mr. Huang
has invested in 31 companies of which 10 subsequently listed on exchanges in the United States, Hong Kong and China, seven
companies were exited through trade sale, and two have recently filed for public listings. 

Robust transaction sourcing capabilities :
Our team has a broad network of relationships in the biotechnology and life sciences sectors, including with venture capitalists, private
and public investors, industry executives, key opinion leaders, and investment bankers. We expect these relationships to be helpful in
our pursuit of an initial business combination. Our team s investment experience spans the public, venture capital, and private
equity markets in biotechnology and life sciences. 

Deep relationships across the biotechnology
ecosystem : Our team maintains relationships with senior executives throughout the biotechnology and life sciences industries. We believe
this could provide access to deal flow and operational expertise. Many of our management team s former companies have been acquired
by strategic purchasers, including Amgen, Johnson Johnson, Medtronic, Actelion, Windtree, and PTC Therapeutics. Our team s
past employers and portfolio companies have also established strategic licensing and collaboration relationships with prominent biopharmaceutical
companies including Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Johnson Johnson, and many biotechnology companies. 

Underwriting and transactional capabilities
across platforms : Our team has extensive underwriting and transactional expertise that we believe will be helpful in our
pursuit of an initial business combination. Mr. Huang and Ms. Chrystyna Bedrij Stecyk have a process of proactively
identifying superior management teams with novel therapeutic platforms prior to their steepest value inflection points, providing the
potential to generate significant value to investors. MSD Partners cross-asset platform and team-oriented culture have
helped generate attractive investment opportunities across its investment platforms in the past. MSD Partners integrated, multi-strategy structure
allows it to quickly understand business models and evaluate a diverse set of investment opportunities across industries and cycles. MSD
Partners evaluates hundreds of private and public investments each year. 

Ability to effect real business transformation
and growth : Our team has unique capabilities to improve business operations following a combination. Our team s experience will
not only help to identify potential targets, but also to scale the business post-combination and deploy capital thoughtfully in the
future. Through Panacea Advisory LLC, an organization made of ex-FDA staff, Panacea provides full regulatory consulting services
encompassing CMC, IND, and NDA filings of products in development. We believe our team s extensive operating network will be invaluable
in furthering a company s growth following the completion of our initial business combination. We will offer potential targets expertise,
vision, and resources to help them grow their business. We intend to improve operations through our team s network of relationships,
including our board members, management team, and operational advisors expertise. 

2 

Acquisition Strategy 

Investment Scope 

Orion intends to target companies with transformational
ideas that leverage science and business to develop innovative therapies or life sciences technologies. We expect these innovations to
offer the potential to significantly advance the standard of care or diagnostic capability for the disease of focus and offer attractive
risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. We believe that Orion s team is well positioned to identify attractive acquisition
opportunities because of its reputation, experience, and track record of investing success. Over the years, our team has built significant
domain knowledge, relationship networks, and experience in the biotechnology and life sciences industries. We have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important when evaluating prospective target businesses, but these criteria and guidelines
are not intended to be exhaustive or absolute. We may ultimately decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target that
does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines: 

A high probability of clinical and regulatory success 

The potential to transform or significantly enhance benefits to patients compared with the existing standard of care or technological capability 

A biomarker or other leading-edge method that increases the probability of commercial success for the company s therapeutic or platform 

Significant embedded or underexploited growth opportunities that can be monetized 

Unique competitive positioning for developing therapies or technologies that can be first-in-class or best-in-class in their respective categories and are expected to maintain competitive advantage in the long term 

A management team that has the requisite expertise to execute on the program and ability to manage a publicly listed company 

Unique Approach 

We believe we are further differentiated by the
following approach employed by Panacea Venture, which we believe will be helpful in sourcing and executing on an initial business combination: 

Identify and invest in highly innovative growth stage companies as well as successful teams/academic leaders with rich industry experience 

Predict and adapt to industry trends and regulatory policies, enabling the target company to maximize potential growth 

Employ the 4C strategy: Intellectual Capital, Human Capital, Venture Capital, and Government Capital 

Adopt an operator-investor approach to help grow companies, providing critical resources and support 

3 

Market Opportunity 

The biotechnology and life sciences industries
are large and growing markets that we believe offer many attractive opportunities for a potential business combination. 

Large addressable market with secular growth :
Industry demand for innovative and effective therapies continues to drive long-term growth in the biopharmaceutical industry. According
to EvaluatePharma, worldwide prescription drug sales are expected to grow at a 7.4 CAGR between 2020 and 2026, with sales expected to
reach almost 1.4 trillion by 2026. A greater proportion of industry sales generating from oncology therapies, hundreds of anticipated
approvals from the current clinical pipeline, and a larger amount of sales of biologic and orphan drugs underpin this growth. 

Growth in research and development : Scientific
breakthroughs and innovations in oncology, gene therapy, synthetic biology, personalized medicine, precision medicine, rare diseases,
and other sub-sectors of the biopharmaceutical and life sciences industries, are creating new opportunities for investors in the
sector. According to EvaluatePharma, worldwide pharmaceutical R D spend is expected to reach over 230 billion by 2026, an approximately
50 increase over ten years. 

Robust private market deal activity : Strong
levels of venture capital activity in the biotechnology sector support our pursuit of an initial business combination. According to a
recent Analyst note from Pitchbook, biotechnology and pharmaceutical start-ups raised over 23 billion in venture capital financing
across 865 deals in 2020 as of November 18, 2020 breaking the deal value record set in 2018. Since 2015, biotechnology and pharmaceutical
start-ups raised over 80 billion across over 4,000 deals. Many of these companies continue to grow and may view the public
markets as an attractive alternative to support their growth. 

Regulatory environment : The FDA continues
to approve new drugs at a healthy pace. There were 228 novel drug approvals in the five-year period from 2016 to 2020. This
represents a 44 increase over the number of novel drugs approved over the period from 2010 to 2014. The constructive regulatory environment
is encouraging continued investment in the biotechnology and life sciences sectors. 

Initial Business Combination 

We must consummate our initial business combination
with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account
(excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We do not currently intend to purchase
multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination, although there is no assurance that
will be the case. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination.
If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or
an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

4 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own or acquire shares will own or acquire 100 
of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business
combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for
all of the outstanding capital stock of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with
financing our initial business combination. In such cases, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity
interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such
business or businesses that is owned or acquired by us is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial
business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of
the target businesses. 

We may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity
jointly with one or more entities affiliated with MSD Partners, MSD Capital, Panacea Ventures and/or one or more investors in funds managed
by MSD Partners or Panacea Ventures, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may co-invest with
us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition
by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar
issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout this Report. The amount and other terms
and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified
future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions
of our Class B ordinary shares, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that
our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum
of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering plus all shares issued in the specified
future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agreed to waive such adjustment
with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders
of our Class B ordinary shares at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion
ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B
ordinary shares, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If such adjustment is waived,
the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our ordinary shares. 

We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with
the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and
regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other
obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

5 

Corporate Information 

Our executive offices are located at One Vanderbilt
Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10017 and our telephone number is (212) 303-1650. Our corporate website address is www.orionbiotechopportunities.com.
Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference
in, and is not considered part of, this Report or the registration statement of which this Report forms a part. You should not rely on
any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the
prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS
Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250
million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted
companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying
with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from
the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a
period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits,
income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains
or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures
or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or
capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

6 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive
business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional
initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners
of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our
Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing
us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious
and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process
takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses
in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in
connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have
negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for
acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers
and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management
team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank
check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business
combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following
the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least
 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A
ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250,000,000 as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100,000,000 during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30. 

Financial Position 

With funds available for a business combination
initially in the amount of 194,000,000, after payment of the estimated expenses of our initial public offering and 7,000,000 of deferred
underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital
for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because
we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing,
we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target
business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us. 

7 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination
General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placements warrants, our equity,
debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop agreements we may enter into). We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may
be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such
companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection
with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination
company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the
purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We have not selected any business combination
target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with any business combination target. Additionally,
we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct
any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officers and directors.
Accordingly, there is no current basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we
may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target
business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business
may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the
chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We may need to obtain additional financing to
complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held
in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no
prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently
a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities,
the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

Our process of identifying acquisition targets
will leverage our founders and our management team s unique industry experiences, proven deal sourcing capabilities and broad
and deep network of relationships in numerous industries, including executives and management teams, private equity groups and other institutional
investors, large business enterprises, lenders, investment bankers and other investment market participants, restructuring advisers, consultants,
attorneys and accountants, which we believe should provide us with a number of business combination opportunities. We expect that the
collective experience, capability and network of our founders, directors and officers, combined with their individual and collective reputations
in the investment community, will help to create prospective business combination opportunities. 

In addition, we anticipate that target business
candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds.
Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings.
These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many
of these sources will have read our final prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as
well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. 

8 

While we do not presently anticipate engaging
the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these
firms, including the underwriter or one of their affiliates, or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
In addition, the underwriter may provide these services without additional compensation. We will formally engage a finder only to the
extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if
finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue.
Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the
funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with
which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by the company prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it
is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation,
finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated acquisition of
such target by us. We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, administrative support and other
services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination
company following our initial business combination. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are
affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring
of Our Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal
and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to
structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to identify and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with,
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members
of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination.
In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent
of our sponsor. 

9 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the
necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team,
if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our
management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure
you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek
to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder
approval for business or other reasons. 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) ordinary shares that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20 of the voting power then issued and outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

10 

The Companies Act and Cayman Islands law do not
currently require, and we are not aware of any other applicable law that will require, shareholder approval of our initial business combination. 

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited
to: 

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; 

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions
with Respect to Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any
time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic
information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and
others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination
or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have
not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public
shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when
they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by
Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would
be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We
do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange
Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine
at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. 

11 

The purpose of any such transactions could be
to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval
of the business combination, (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met or (iii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants or any matter submitted to the
warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the
completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our
securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a
national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue
privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private
transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem
their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder
has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at
the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates
will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they
may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of
the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon
Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject
to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order
to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor and our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public
offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our
Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

12 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed
business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required
to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the
business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either
(i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by
us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of
the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we
were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules).
Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we
do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions
in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule or we choose
to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. 

If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial
business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy, who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the Company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and
public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition
to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 7,500,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted),
or 1,250,001, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 20,000,000 public shares sold
in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed
transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our
initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote
to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. 

13 

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary
shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the
Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted
to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete
the initial business combination. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of
Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior
consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by
such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or
our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could
threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management team at
a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no
more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small
group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection
with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of
cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their
redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender
their certificates, if any, to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as
applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially
scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements,
which may include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a
public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials,
as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which
to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

14 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder.
However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their
shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must
be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to
deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion
of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose
above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to
the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general
meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder
delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s
election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination,
unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election
of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply
request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed
to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
If No Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that we have only 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate an initial business
combination. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing
procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

15 

Our sponsor and each member of our management
team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering). 

Our sponsor, executive officers, and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any
such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the
number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).
If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net
tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This
redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer,
director, or any other person. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,000,000
of proceeds held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses,
although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and
without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our
creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.00. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we
will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we
do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account
for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such
agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case
in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third
party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible
instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose
particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree
to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriter will
not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such
entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or
agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust
account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in
the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to
the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. However, we have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our sponsor may
not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

16 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to
satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be
less than 10.00 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding
our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will
also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 1,000,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection
with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be
liable for claims made by creditors; however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received
by any such shareholder. 

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account,
we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy
or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions
received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential
transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 

As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court
could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not consummate an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion
of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent
completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances
will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result
in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have
also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

17 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses
seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business
combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other
resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection
with our public shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target
businesses. In addition, potential target businesses may also consider whether undertaking their own registered public offering rather
than a business combination with a blank check company would be preferable. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10017. The cost for our use of this space is included in the
up to 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative support and other services. We consider our current
office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have three executive officers. These
individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as
they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any
time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business
combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or
governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this Report and the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any
of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation
of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our shareholders may not be afforded an
opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve
our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable Cayman Islands law
or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the Nasdaq
rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval
if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange
rule, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell
their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as
the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly,
we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of
the business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled Item 1. Business Shareholders May Not Have the Ability
to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may
complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote
on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be
at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial
business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis,
20 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary
shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary
resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented
in person or by proxy, who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders 
founder shares, we would need 7,500,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 1,250,001, or 6.25 (assuming
only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we
seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and our management team to vote in favor of
our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial
business combination. 

19 

The ability of our public shareholders to
redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it
difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and payment
of deferred underwriting commissions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently,
if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination and payment of deferred underwriting commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing
condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for
an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business
combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure
the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising
additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B ordinary shares
result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares
at the time of our business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination
available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the representative will
not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will
distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and
after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public shareholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If
you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may
trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your
investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares
in the open market. 

20 

The requirement that we consummate an initial
business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering may give potential target businesses leverage over
us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination
targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination
on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period with that particular
target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we
get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial
business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

We may not be able to consummate an initial
business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering, in which case we would cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business
and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering. Our ability to
complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt
markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues both in the U.S. and globally and,
while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial
business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 outbreak may negatively impact businesses we may
seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that,
if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures
with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less
than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by
shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or
warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary
shares or public warrants. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are
under no obligation to do so. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to
engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust
account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. 

21 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive
officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already
elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their
shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants
on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing
condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our
initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the
extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1. Business Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions
with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates
will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. 

Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly
or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater
technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited
when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire
with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer
holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction
with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our
initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business
combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other
risk factors herein. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose
acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies
have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for
an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

22 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms.
Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions including
between the U.S. and China and between Russia and Ukraine, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations
or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability
to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination
on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer
insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company,
the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure
to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination
entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for
run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

We may engage our underwriter or one of
its affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business
combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriter is entitled to receive deferred
commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may
cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection
with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may engage our underwriter or one of its affiliates
to provide additional services to us after, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services,
acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay our underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable
fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will
be entered into with our underwriter or its affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services were paid to our underwriter
or its affiliates prior to the date that was 60 days from the date of our final prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriter s
compensation in connection with our initial public offering. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are
conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriter s or its affiliates financial interests
tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such
additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business
combination. 

23 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
(COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

On March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization
characterized the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak as a pandemic . The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted, and a significant
outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that adversely affects the economies and financial markets
worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely
affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to
restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services
providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our
search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new
information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among
others. While vaccines for COVID-19 are being, and have been developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine will be durable
and effective consistent with current expectations. In addition, if any treatment of vaccine for COVID-19 is ineffective or underutilized,
any impact on our business may be prolonged. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for
an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately
consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent
on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also
have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to
the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business
combination and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on the business,
investments and results of our operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination and results
of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules
(the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving
SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies;
effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the
potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become
subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised
form, and certain positions and legal conclusions expressed by the SEC in connection with the 2022 Proposed Rules may materially adversely
affect our ability to negotiate and complete our business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

24 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical
conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities
and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in markets around the world. 

United States and global markets
are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia
in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military
forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions
and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions
from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States,
have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing
geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in
Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices,
credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions
could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management 

Since our sponsor, executive officers, and
directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public
shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular
business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On February 8, 2021, the sponsor paid an aggregate
of 25,000 for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of 7,187,500 founder shares, or approximately
 0.004 per founder share. On February 25, 2021, the sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting
in an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares outstanding. On February 25, 2021, the sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of
the independent directors. The recipient will not be subject to the forfeiture provisions described above. On June 28, 2021, the over-allotment
option expired, and the sponsor forfeited 750,000 founder shares. As a result, as of December 31, 2022, there were 5,000,000 founder shares
outstanding, and our sponsor owned 4,880,000 founder shares. 

Prior to the initial investment in the company
of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined
by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do
not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,333,333 private placement warrants,
each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant 6,500,000
in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. If we do not consummate
an initial business within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will expire
worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business
following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the closing of our initial
public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

25 

Our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check
company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently
has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

In addition, our founders and our directors and
officers, or any of their respective affiliates may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition
objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and
(ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in
any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although
we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

26 

Our executive officers and directors will
allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and directors are not required
to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our
operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors
for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number
of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our independent directors also serve as officers
and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote
substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time
to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Involvement of members of our management
and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or negative publicity unrelated
to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

Members of our management team and companies with
which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including
transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management
and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental
investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity
may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination
in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are an exempted company under the laws of the
Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to
achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business
combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by Mr. Huang and others
on our management team, MSD Capital, or MSD Partners, or Panacea or any of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future
performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the business we may acquire. 

Information regarding performance by, or businesses
associated with, Mr. Huang and others on our management team or their respective affiliates, including MSD Partners, Panacea and
MSD Capital, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience of and performance by Mr. Huang and others on our
management team or their respective affiliates, including MSD Partners, Panacea and MSD Capital, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we
will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to
any initial business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or any of their
respective affiliates performance, including the performance of Mr. Huang or MSD Partners or MSD Capital or Panacea, as indicative
of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management team
has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. An investment in us is not an investment in either MSD Partners
or MSD Capital or Panacea. 

27 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in
connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein,
(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares
the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their
Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled
to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated
an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary
shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Holders
of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business
that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However,
because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt
from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be
afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we have a
longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public
offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us
unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

In evaluating a prospective target business
for our initial business combination, our management will rely on the availability of the funds from the sale of the forward purchase
units to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the sale of the forward purchase
units does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination. 

Prior to the consummation of our initial public
offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement with the forward purchase investor providing for the purchase of up to 20,000,000
of forward purchase units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in a private placement which occurred concurrently with the closing
of our initial business combination. However, if the sale of the forward purchase units does not close, we may lack sufficient funds to
consummate our initial business combination. The number of forward purchase units to be purchased by the forward purchase investor will
be subject to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. The obligation to purchase the forward purchase units is subject
to customary closing conditions, including that our initial business combination must be consummated substantially concurrently with,
and immediately following, the purchase of the forward purchase units. The obligations of the forward purchase investor under the forward
purchase agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders are redeemed by the company and the
amount of forward purchase units sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be subject to the forward purchase investor s
sole discretion. The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in
our initial public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights, as described herein. The forward purchase
warrants will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by the forward purchase investor or its permitted
assignees and transferees. 

28 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender
offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these
procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering
Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

We were approved to list our units on Nasdaq on
the date of our final prospectus and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants were also listed on Nasdaq promptly after their date of
separation. Although after giving effect to our initial public offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing
standards set forth in Nasdaq s listing standards, our securities may not be, or may not continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the
future or prior to the completion of our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to
the completion of our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally,
we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities
(generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on Nasdaq. For instance, the share price of our securities would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholders 
equity would generally be required to be at least 4,000,000 and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with
at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least 2,500). We may not be able to meet those initial
listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be
quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies,
other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers,
or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer
listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each
state in which we offer our securities. 

29 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess
of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business
combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally,
you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as
a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to
sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for
what remains of the 24 months following the closing of our initial public offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search
for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management
team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants, only 1,000,000 is available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working
capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans
from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates is still sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the
24 months following the closing of our initial public offering; however, our estimate may not be accurate, and our sponsor, members
of our management team or any of their affiliates are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available
to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business.
We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent
designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more
favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently
required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching
for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

If we are required to seek additional capital,
we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates or other third parties to operate
or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds
released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of
the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete our
initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public
share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by
shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

30 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the share price of our securities, which could cause
you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business
with which we combine, this diligence may not surface all material issues with a particular target business. In addition, factors outside
of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or
write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a
manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate
impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our
securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result
of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly,
any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.00 per public share. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated
an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption
right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were
not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount
received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such
creditors. Pursuant to that certain letter agreement among the company, the sponsor and the company s executive officers and directors,
our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (excluding our independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering
into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the
actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per
public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax
obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a
waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. Our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

31 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors
to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except
to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood
of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and
our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes
or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

The net proceeds of our initial public offering
and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 200,000,000 may only be invested in direct U.S.
Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury
obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative
interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market
Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States.
In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be
reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive
their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is
reduced below 200,000,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our
board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board
of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result,
a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

32 

If, before distributing the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders
and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or winding-up law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of
our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business
other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash
items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination
business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We
do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in
United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to
invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan
targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant
bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of
our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to
amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or
to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or
pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. If we
do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination
within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

33 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their
interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination,
and results of operations. 

If we do not consummate an initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such
24 months before redemption from our trust account. 

If we do not consummate an initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption
of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount
therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must
comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive
the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior
to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their
Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not
complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company
to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against
us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid
out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty
of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting
until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings
to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors
and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors
being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

34 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares will
not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares
will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you
may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

We did not register the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at the time of our initial public
offering, and we are not registering such securities at this time. Furthermore, such registration may not be in place when an investor
desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire
worthless. 

We did not register the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at the time of the initial public offering,
and we are not registering such securities at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our
commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We may not able to do so
if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement
or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC
issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required
to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive
upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant
(subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class
A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our
reasonable best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants
in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state
securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire
worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price
solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists
for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of
the warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its transferees (which
may include our management team) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while
holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for
sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

The warrants may become exercisable and
redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security
at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not
the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary
shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive
a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will
be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business
days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

35 

Our warrants and units committed to be issued
in connection with the forward purchase agreement are accounted for as a derivative liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance
with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We account for our warrants and the units committed
to be issued in connection with the forward purchase agreement as a derivative liability and will record them at fair value upon issuance
with any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent
third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class
A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants or units that are accounted for as a derivative
liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Our warrants are accounted for as a derivative
liability and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an
adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business
combination. 

We account for our warrants as a derivative liability
and will record them at fair value upon issuance with any changes in fair value each period reported in earnings as determined by us based
upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may seek a SPAC that does not have
warrants that are accounted for as a derivative liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination
with a target business. 

The grant of registration rights to our
initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants and the purchaser of the forward purchase units may make it more difficult
to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class
A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights
agreement, our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which
founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement
warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion
of such warrants. Further, pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, we have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts (i) to file within
30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement for a secondary offering of the forward purchase
shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared
effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after the initial filing, and (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of
such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the holders of the forward purchase securities or their assignees
cease to hold the securities covered thereby, and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction
or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. After such registration statement is declared effective, the holders of the forward
purchase securities may cause us to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the forward
purchase agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration rights to the holders of forward purchase securities to
include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination
more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek
in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is
expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

36 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may pursue business combination opportunities
in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate
our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet
selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition
or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may
not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore,
some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. An investment in our units may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct
investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their
securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in
industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a business combination outside
of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers
an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination target, we may not adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s
expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained
in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that
we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors.
Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in
the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not
have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria. 

Although we have identified general criteria for
evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination
will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some
or all of these criteria, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general
criteria. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria, a greater
number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target
business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction
is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may
be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general
criteria. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

37 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that
the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial business combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking
firm which is a member of FINRA that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are currently 480,000,000 and
45,000,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount
does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares at the time of
our initial business combination as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Immediately
after our initial public offering, there were no preference shares issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i)
receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders
prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with
a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

38 

Our initial shareholders may receive additional
Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of our initial business combination at a ratio such
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus
(ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities
or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued,
deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor,
members of our management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans and the forward purchase securities.
In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we do not complete
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a passive foreign investment
company PFIC within the meaning of Section 1297(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants,
the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.
Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending
on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any
assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as
a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be
determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request,
we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including
a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election,
but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect
to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. 

We may, in connection with our initial business
combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target
company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrantholder to recognize taxable
income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrantholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a
tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrantholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders
or warrantholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

39 

After our initial business combination,
it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located
outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business
combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

In particular, there is uncertainty as to whether
the courts of the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdictions would recognize and enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against
us or our directors or officers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state
in the United States or entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands or any other applicable jurisdiction s courts against
us or our directors or officers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers
and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest
in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive
officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on
us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into on the closing of our initial public
offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals
for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights
agreement. 

40 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities
following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have
a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers,
directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation,
those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers Conflicts
of Interest. Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar
to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware
of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and
there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be
specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined
that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Item 1 Business Effecting Our Initial
Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction
was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company
from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor,
executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of
the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

We may issue notes or other debt, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively
impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of the date
of this Report to issue any notes or other debt, or to otherwise incur debt following our initial public offering, we may choose to incur
substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness
unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

41 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be
solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively
impact our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with up to 194,000,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination
(after taking into account the 7,000,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the expenses of our
initial public offering). In addition, prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement
with the forward purchase investor pursuant to which the forward purchase investor has agreed to purchase up to 20,000,000 of forward
purchase units in a private placement concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of
forward purchase units may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection
with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The obligation to purchase the forward
purchase units is subject to customary closing conditions, including that our initial business combination must be consummated substantially
concurrently with, and immediately following, the purchase of forward purchase units. The number of forward purchase units to be purchased
by the forward purchase investor will be subject to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. The obligations of the forward
purchase investor under the forward purchase agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders
are redeemed by us. The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold
in our initial public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights, as described herein. The forward purchase
warrants will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by the forward purchase investor or its permitted
assignees and transferees. 

We may effectuate our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial
business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory
developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different
areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

42 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated
with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.
If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of
limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may
not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider
any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to the completion of our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in
the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as
a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction
could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s
shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control
of the target business. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements,
to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as
successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. 

43 

If we are not able to achieve our desired operational
improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore,
some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a smaller, less complex organization. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in
an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority
of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any
of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are
validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary
shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We may seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing
instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their
warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds,
extended the time to consummate a business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require
the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least
two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will
require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private
placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the
then outstanding private placement warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the forward purchase warrants or
any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the forward purchase warrants, 50 of the then-outstanding forward purchase
warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to
any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity.
To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through our registration
statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

44 

The provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval
of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower
amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may
not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination
activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions
typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit
proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts
except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved
by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended
if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended
by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Our initial
shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class
A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust
agreement and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other
blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors
have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination
activity; unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any
such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the
number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements
and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers and directors for any breach of
these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may
receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our
warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business
combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular
transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we
may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Such financing may not be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that
additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either
restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we do
not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to
fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

45 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis,
20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions,
this would increase their control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention
to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional
purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors,
whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of
three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to elect new directors
prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until
at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our sponsor, because of its ownership
position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until
the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an
initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely
affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner
adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with
respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the
private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms
of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments
could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

46 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit
a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may
discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price
of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper
notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may
exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants.
Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when
it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish
to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption,
is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

In addition, we may redeem your warrants at any
time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior
written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A
ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon
exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later
time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because
the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of
the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants or the forward purchase warrants are redeemable by us (except
as described herein) so long as they are held by our sponsor or the forward purchase investor, as applicable, or their respective permitted
transferees. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued public warrants to purchase 4,000,000
of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered by our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our
initial public offering, we issued in a private placement 4,333,333 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant. We may
also issue up to 1,000,000 forward purchase warrants pursuant to the forward purchase agreement. In addition, if the sponsor makes any
working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at
the price of 1.50 per warrant. Our public warrants are also redeemable by us for Class A ordinary shares. To the extent we issue ordinary
shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares
upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised,
will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued
to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase
the cost of acquiring the target business. 

Because each unit contains one-fifth of
one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains one-fifth of one warrant.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units trade. If, upon
exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to
the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings
similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components
of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants
will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fifth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to
purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure
may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

47 

A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue
additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
initial business combination (other than the forward purchase securities) at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share,
(ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more
difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on our proposed business combination include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will
include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under
the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required
to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide
such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. 

We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less
attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited
to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company
for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would
no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies
but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that
when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth
company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

48 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250,000,000 as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100,000,000 during such completed fiscal year
and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700,000,000 as of the prior June 30. To the
extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public
companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and
increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending
December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify
as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we
seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S.
federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs and the rights of shareholders
are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or
amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United
States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law
of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common
law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our
shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under
statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities
laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted
bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a
Federal court of the United States. 

Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies
like the company have no general rights under Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records or to obtain copies of the register of members
of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to determine whether
or not, and under what conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make them available
to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder
motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. 

49 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman)
LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments
of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are
penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced
in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine
or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained
in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards
of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings
if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best
interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms
of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders
of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may
make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing
market prices for our securities. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

Since only holders of our founder shares
have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning
of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only holders of our founder shares have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning
of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the
voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with
certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we have a compensation committee of our board with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

50 

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and
intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine
in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies
that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating
a Business in Foreign Countries 

If we pursue a target company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with
investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business
combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due
diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in
the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates 

If we effect our initial business combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

51 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately address these
additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such
combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our management following our initial
business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with
such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our
management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time
of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities
laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect
our operations. 

After our initial business combination,
substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations
in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political
and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

52 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency
policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if
any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate
and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may
make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the
laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing
laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce
or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations
regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various
governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose
securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing
laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion
of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and
standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available.
This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions
to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may
be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

53 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We maintain our principal executive offices at
One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10017, and our telephone number (212) 303-1650. The cost for our use of this space is
included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We
consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

To the knowledge of our management, there is no
litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of
our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

54 

PART
II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) Market Information 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols ORIAU , ORIA and ORIAW respectively. Our units
commenced public trading on May 13, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on July 1, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

As of March 29, 2023, there was one holder
of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two
holders of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

Not applicable. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings. 

On February 8, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate
of 25,000 for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares. On February
25, 2021, our sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate of 5,750,000 Class
B ordinary shares outstanding. On February 25, 2021 and on April 9, 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each of our
independent directors. Furthermore, on June 28, 2021, upon receiving notification from the underwriter that it would not exercise its
over-allotment option, our sponsor surrendered 750,000 Class B ordinary shares for no consideration. All shares and associated amounts
have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrenders. As of December 31, 2022, there were 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares
outstanding, and our sponsor held 4,880,000 Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares were issued to our sponsor in connection
with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

55 

Concurrently with the closing of the initial public
offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,333,333 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A Ordinary
share at 11.50 per share 6.5 million in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from the initial
public offering held in the trust account. If the company does not complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are substantially
similar to the warrants underlying the units issued in the initial public offering, except that they are non-redeemable and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees. The sponsor and the company s officers
and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants until 30
days after the completion of the initial business combination. The sale of the private placement warrants was made pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

No underwriting discounts or commissions were
paid with respect to such sales. 

Use of Proceeds 

In connection with the initial public offering,
we incurred offering costs of approximately 11.6 million (including underwriting commissions of 4.6 million and deferred underwriting
commissions of approximately 7 million). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the initial
public offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable
upon consummation of the initial business combination, if consummated) and the initial public offering expenses, 200.0 million of the
net proceeds from our initial public offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement warrants
(or 10.00 per Unit sold in the initial public offering) was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of the initial public offering
and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere
in this Report. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants as is described herein related to
the initial public offering. 

(g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

56 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References to the Company, Orion
Biotech Opportunities Corp., Orion our, us or we refer to Orion Biotech
Opportunities Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained
in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based
these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are
subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed
in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

The Company is a blank check company incorporated
as a Cayman Islands exempted company on February 5, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination.
The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early
stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet
commenced operations. All activity for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s
formation and the Initial Public Offering, which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest
income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on April 28, 2021. On May 17, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering
generating gross proceeds of 200.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 11.6 million, of which 7.0 million was for
deferred underwriting commissions. The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 Units
at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On June 28, 2021, the over-allotment option expired and was not
exercised. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the sponsor, generating
proceeds of 6.5 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, 200.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were invested in Government Securities that were placed in the Trust Account
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

57 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company s
initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the
Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the
Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

The Company will provide the public shareholders 
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection
with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company
will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The public shareholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially at 10.00 per
share). The per-share amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified
as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with ASC 480. In such case, the Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the
Company will, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transactions is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date
for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business
Combination, the Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with
respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company
agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the sponsor. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association will provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such
shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section
13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 or more of the Class
A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Company s sponsor, officers, and directors
agreed not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the
substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination
or to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination the Combination Period or (B) with respect
to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides
the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

58 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

In connection with the redemption of 100 of the
Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata
portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses). 

The Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their
liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
However, if the Initial Shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. The underwriter agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in
the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be
included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares.
In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution
in the Trust Account will be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held
in the Trust Account, the sponsor agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of
intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes
payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims
under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
There can be no guarantee that the Company will be successful in obtaining such waivers from its targeted vendors and service providers. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately
 267,000 in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately 372,000. 

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the sponsor to cover certain expenses on
the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares, a loan from the sponsor of approximately 120,000 under the Note.
The Company repaid the Note in full upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the Private Placement held outside of the Trust
Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of
the sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital
Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. 

59 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until May 17, 2023
to consummate the proposed Business Combination. We do not have adequate liquidity to sustain operations, however, management believes
that we have access to funds pursuant to a commitment letter from the Sponsor that will enable it to sustain operations until it completes
its initial Business Combination. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and
subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that the liquidity needs, mandatory liquidation (should a business combination not occur),
and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been
made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after May 17, 2023. We intend to complete the
proposed Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate
any business combination by May 17, 2023. 

Risk and Uncertainties 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus
commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have
instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on
the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from February 5, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2022 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering,
search for an initial Business Combination. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial
Business Combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net income of approximately 8.8 million, which consisted of approximately 6.8 million in non-operating gain resulting from the change
in fair value of derivative liabilities, and approximately 2.9 million of income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by
approximately 780,000 of general and administrative expenses, and approximately 120,000 of general and administrative expenses to related
party. 

For the period from February 5, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 724,000, which consisted of approximately 554,000 of general and administrative
expenses, and approximately 75,000 of general and administrative expenses to related party, approximately 239,000 in offering cost associated
with derivative warrant liabilities, and approximately 107,000 loss on forward purchase agreement, offset by approximately 242,000 from
change in fair value of derivative liabilities, and approximately 9,000 of income from investments held in the trust account. 

Other Contractual Obligations 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement.
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such
securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements. 

60 

Pursuant to the forward purchase agreement, the
Company has agreed to use reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business combination a
registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying
Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later
than sixty (60) days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest
of (A) the date on which the sponsor or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities
covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration
statement is declared effective, causes the Company to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations.
In addition, the forward purchase agreement provides for piggy-back registration rights to the holders of forward purchase
securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option
from the date of this prospectus to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On June 28, 2021, the over-allotment option expired and was not exercised. 

The underwriter was entitled to an underwriting
discount of 0.20 per unit, or 4.0 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 0.35
per unit, or 7.0 million in the aggregate will be payable to the representative for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee
will become payable to the representative from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a
Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Forward Purchase Agreement 

On May 12, 2021, the Company entered the Forward
Purchase Agreement with the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to purchase up to 20,000,000 of Forward Purchase Units. Each
Forward Purchase Unit will consist of one Forward Purchase Share and one-fifth of one Forward Purchase Warrant and will be sold at a purchase
price of 10.00 per Forward Purchase Unit in a private placement concurrently with the closing of the initial Business Combination. The
obligations of the sponsor under the Forward Purchase Agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares held by public shareholders
are redeemed by the Company and the amount of Forward Purchase Units sold pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement will be subject to
the sponsor s sole discretion. The proceeds from the sale of the Forward Purchase Units may be used as part of the consideration
to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with the initial Business Combination or for working capital
in the post-transaction company. The Forward Purchase Shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the
Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights. The Forward Purchase
Warrants will have the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants so long as they are held by MSD Partners or its permitted assignees
and transferees. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On
an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued
expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Derivative Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge
exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued stock purchase
warrants and forward purchase agreement, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

61 

The Public Warrants and the Private Placement
Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognized the warrant instruments as liabilities
at fair value and adjusts the carrying value of the instruments to fair value at each reporting period until they are exercised. The estimated
fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering were initially estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation
model. As the transfer of Private Placement Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee would result in the Private Placement
Warrants having substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, we determined that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant
is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. The fair value of the Warrants as of December 31, 2022 is based on observable listed prices
for such warrants. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes
available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current
liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

We entered into a forward purchase agreement with
forward purchasers pursuant to which the forward purchasers will purchase up to 20,000,000 of forward purchase units at a price equal
to 10.00 per unit, in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Business Combination. Each forward
purchase unit will consist of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share, with such
warrants having the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants. The forward purchase agreement is recognized as a derivative liability
in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the instrument as a liability at fair value and adjusts the instrument
to fair value at each reporting period. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A
ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
as of Initial Public Offering, 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside
of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

We recognized changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value
at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for
the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption
amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares
and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. This presentation assumes a business
combination as the most likely outcome. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted
average ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted net income (loss) per
ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
to purchase an aggregate of 8,333,333 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise
is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net
income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from
earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

62 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, ASC
Subtopic 820 Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU amends ASC 820
to clarify that a contractual sales restriction is not considered in measuring an equity security at fair value and to introduce new disclosure
requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The ASU applies to both holders
and issuers of equity and equity-linked securities measured at fair value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the Company in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim
and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is still evaluating the impact
of this pronouncement on the financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual
obligations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-21 comprising
a portion of this Report. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31,
2022. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

63 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as
the circumstances that led to the restatement of our financial statements. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

64 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Officers and Directors 

Our officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 James Huang 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Chrystyna Bedrij Stecyk 
 
 60 
 
 Vice President 
 
 Mark Kayal 
 
 38 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Robert Simonds 
 
 49 
 
 General Counsel, Assistant Secretary, Vice President and Director 
 
 Samuel Broder 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 
 James Collins 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Louisa Rodriguez 
 
 62 
 
 Director 

James Huang is Orion s
Chief Executive Officer and serves on Orion s board of directors. Mr. Huang is the Founding Managing Partner of Panacea and
has over 30 years of experience in the healthcare sector as a successful entrepreneur, investor, and an opinion leader. Mr. Huang
is also a managing partner of Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers China. He has been involved in the formation, incubation and/or
financed several innovative life sciences companies, including GenScript (HK:1548), Sutro Biopharma (NASDAQ: STRO), Legend Biotech (NASDAQ:
LEGN), Zai Lab (NASDAQ: ZLAB), Kindstar Global (HK:9960) and Zhaoke Ophthalmology (HK:6622). 

Mr. Huang joined Kleiner Perkins Caufield 
Byers China in 2011 and focuses on the firm s life sciences practice. Prior to this, Mr. Huang was a Managing Partner at Vivo
Ventures, a Venture Capital firm specializing in life sciences investments. Before joining Vivo Ventures in 2007, Mr. Huang was president
of Anesiva, a biopharmaceutical company focused on pain-management treatments. During his 20-year career in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industry, he also held senior roles in business development, sales, marketing and R D with Tularik Inc. (acquired
by Amgen), GlaxoSmithKline LLC, Bristol-Meyers Squibb and ALZA Corp. (acquired by Johnson Johnson). Mr. Huang is
Chairman of the Board at Chime Biologics, TriArm Therapeutics, XW Pharma, Alaunos Therapeutics (NASDAQ: TCRT), Windtree Therapeutics (NASDAQ:
WINT) and serves as a director on the boards of CASI Pharma (NASDAQ: CASI), Tactiva Therapeutics and Kindstar Global. Mr. Huang invested
in GenScript (HK: 1548), including its subsidiary Legend Biotech (NASDAQ: LEGN), when it was a small U.S. venture backed company,
participating in its growth into a revenue-generating company with a multi-billion dollar valuation and public listings on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Nasdaq. Mr. Huang received an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and a B.S. degree
in chemical engineering from the University of California, Berkeley. We believe that Mr. Huang s management experience, as
well as his investing experience in the biotechnology sector make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Chrystyna Bedrij Stecyk is
a Vice President of Orion. Ms. Bedrij Stecyk is a Co-Founder and Principal of Griffin Securities, an equity research and investment
banking firm specializing in biotechnology, technology, and energy. She has over 20 years of experience in biotechnology as a research
analyst, investment banker, business development professional, and incubator of new biotechnology companies. Her experience spans multiple
therapeutic areas, including oncology, rare disease, and the central nervous system across a wide range of modalities. 

In 2013 she incubated and co-founded Agilis
Therapeutics, which was purchased by PTC Therapeutics in 2018 for approximately 1 billion in cash, stock, and milestones, excluding
royalties. She is also co-founder and manager of several new private companies focused on developing state-of-the-art therapeutics.
Ms. Bedrij Stecyk has served on the board of directors of Vaccinex (NASDAQ: VCNX) since May 2020 and is a member of the audit
committee. She has a Master of Business Administration in Finance from New York University s Leonard N. Stern of Business and
a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Vassar College. 

Mark Kayal is Orion s
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Mr. Kayal is a Managing Director in the Finance Group of BDT MSD Partners. Prior to
joining BDT MSD Partners in 2011, Mr. Kayal was a Senior Auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in the Banking and Capital Markets
Practice. Mr. Kayal holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting Philosophy from the University of Scranton. Mr. Kayal
is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

65 

Samuel Broder, M.D. serves
on our board of directors. Prior to his retirement, Dr. Broder was Senior Vice President from 2012 to June 2016 and Head of
the Health Sector from 2015 to June 2016 for Intrexon Corporation, a synthetic biology company. Prior to Intrexon, he served as the
Executive Vice President for Medical Affairs and Chief Medical Officer at Celera Corporation from 1998 to 2010. Prior to Celera, Dr. Broder
served as Senior Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Scientific Officer at IVAX Corporation from 1995 to 1998. 

Dr. Broder served as the director of the
National Cancer Institute from 1989 to 1995 appointed by President Ronald Reagan, where he oversaw the development of numerous anti-cancer therapeutic
agents. Dr. Broder has served as a member of the board of directors of Sensei Biotherapeutics since April 2019. 

Dr. Broder received a B.S. from University
of Michigan and an M.D. from the University of Michigan Medical School, with post-graduate training at Stanford University in Palo
Alto. We believe that Dr. Broder s experience in the biotechnology and medical fields make him well qualified to serve on our board
of directors. 

James Collins, Ph.D., serves
on Orion s board of Directors. Dr. Collins is the Termeer Professor of Medical Engineering Science and Professor
of Biological Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), as well as a Member of the Harvard-MIT Health Sciences 
Technology Faculty. He is also a Core Founding Faculty member of the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University,
and an Institute Member of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. He is one of the founders of the field of synthetic biology, and his
research group is focused on using synthetic biology to create next-generation diagnostics and therapeutics. 

Dr. Collins has co-founded several biotechnology
and life sciences companies, including Synlogic (NASDAQ: SYBX), Cellarity, Senti Biosciences, and Sherlock Biosciences. He serves on the
Board of Directors of Cellarity, Sherlock Biosciences, and Fulcrum Therapeutics (NASDAQ: FULC). Dr. Collins also serves on the Scientific
Advisory Board of multiple biotechnology and life sciences companies, including Synlogic, Senti Biosciences, Shape Therapeutics, and Danaher
Corporation (NYSE: DHR). 

Dr. Collins has received numerous awards
for his research in biotechnology, including a MacArthur Genius Award, the Dickson Prize in Medicine, and a NIH Director s
Pioneer Award. He is an elected member of all three national academies the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy
of Engineering, and the National Academy of Medicine in addition to the American Academy of Arts Science and the
National Academy of Inventors. 

Dr. Collins received a B.A. in physics from
the College of the Holy Cross and a doctorate in medical engineering from the University of Oxford, where he was a Rhodes scholar. We
believe that Dr. Collins business experience in the biotechnology and life sciences sectors make him well qualified to serve on
our board of directors. 

Louisa (Lucy) Rodriguez is
Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Public Affairs at CEMEX, S.A.B. de C.V. CEMEX (NYSE: CX). She has over 25 years of experience in international finance and capital markets. She joined CEMEX in 2006 in the Investor
Relations Department where she has been involved in more than 15 billion of equity and fixed income fundraising efforts. She also
represents CEMEX in the international financial community and works closely with equity and fixed income investors. She is also responsible
for CEMEX s global communications effort and plays an integral role in the development of their climate action strategy and works
closely with equity and fixed income investors. She is also responsible for CEMEX s global communications effort and plays an integral
role in the development of their climate action strategy. 

Prior to CEMEX, Ms. Rodriguez spent 15 years at
Citibank where she worked in capital markets origination, debt syndicate and securitization financing for Emerging Market issuers. In
her early career, she worked for KPMG in their Audit Department. She also sits on the board of MSD Investment Corp and previously sat
on the board of Trinidad Cement Ltd. Ms. Rodriguez holds a B.A. in Economics from Trinity College, an MBA from New York University and
a Masters from Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs. She has been a Certified Public Accountant (lapsed). We
believe Ms. Rodriguez s experience in finance and capital markets makes her well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

Robert Simonds is the General
Counsel, Assistant Secretary, Vice President and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Simonds is a Partner of BDT MSD Partners.
He joined BDT MSD Partners in February 2015. Immediately prior to BDT MSD Partners, he was the General Counsel and
Chief Compliance Officer of Saba Capital Management. Prior to Saba, Mr. Simonds worked as the General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer
and COO of Talpion Fund Management, L.P., as well as the Chief Compliance Officer, Head of Litigation and Corporate Counsel at Silver
Point Capital. He began his legal career as a litigation associate at Cravath, Swaine Moore, which he joined in 2003 after
completing a federal clerkship on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. 

Mr. Simonds received a B.A. from Hamilton College, an Ed.M from
Harvard University Graduate School of Education and a J.D. from Columbia Law School. We believe Mr. Simonds legal experience
as well as his compliance experience make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors. 

66 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first
annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Samuel Broder
and James Collins, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of
Louisa Rodriguez, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of
James Huang and Robert Simonds, will expire at our third annual general meeting. 

Prior to the completion of an initial business
combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In
addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. 

Pursuant to an agreement entered into with our
sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment
to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
on such terms, to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal as the board of directors may
think fit, as provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Involvement in certain legal proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or
governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship with the company which in the opinion of
the company s board of directors, could interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director. We have independent directors as defined in Nasdaq s listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We have three standing committees: an audit committee,
a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of
the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules
and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the
board of directors. Samuel Broder, James Collins and Louisa Rodriguez serve as members of our audit committee. Louisa Rodriguez serves
as the Chairperson of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq and
our board of directors has determined that Louisa Rodriguez qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined
in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

67 

The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a nominating committee of
our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Samuel Broder, James Collins and Louisa Rodriguez, and Samuel Broder
serves as chairman of the nominating committee. 

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing
the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by
its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Directors 

The guidelines for selecting directors, which
are specified in a charter adopted by us, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 

The nominating committee will consider a number
of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s
candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial
or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and
makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees
recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

68 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of
our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Samuel Broder, James Collins, and Louisa Rodriguez, and James Collins
serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration, if any, of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is
directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving
on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to
disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines 

Our board of directors has adopted corporate governance
guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the Nasdaq that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of
directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications,
director responsibilities, board +agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings
of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director
communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management
and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. 

69 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers
owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a
duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having
both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried
out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to
put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of
their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance
by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that
are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable
for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman
Islands law. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially
affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. 

70 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which
our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

INDIVIDUAL 
 
 ENTITY 
 
 ENTITY S BUSINESS 
 
 AFFILIATION 
 
 James Huang 
 
 Panacea 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Founding Manager Partner 

Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Managing Partner 

Chime Biologics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Chairman 

TriArm Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Chairman 

XW Pharma 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Chairman 

Alaunos Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Executive Chairman; Board Chairman 

Windtree Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Chairman 

CASI Pharma 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Tactiva Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Kindstar Global 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Chrystyna Bedrij Stecyk 
 
 Aletheia Biotherapeutics LLC 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Manager 

Griffin Securities 
 
 Investment Banking 
 
 Co-Founder; Principal and Board Member 

Healing Genes LLC 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Manager 

Maavrx Ltd. 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Myrtelle LLC 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Vaccinex 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

OncXerna 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Mark Kayal 
 
 BDT MSD Partners, L.P. (1) 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Managing Director, Finance 

Robert Simonds 
 
 BDT MSD Partners, L.P. (1) 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Partner 

Samuel Broder 
 
 Catalytic Data Science 
 
 Software/Life Sciences 
 
 Board Member 

Geneos Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Sensei Biotherapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

James Collins 
 
 Cellarity 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Fulcrum Therapeutics 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Sherlock Biosciences 
 
 Biotechnology 
 
 Board Member 

Louisa Rodriguez 
 
 CEMEX, S.A.B. de C.V. 
 
 Heavy Building Materials 
 
 Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Corporate Communications and Public Affairs 

MSD Investment Corp. 
 
 Asset Management 
 
 Board Member 

(1) 
 Includes all affiliates and portfolio companies. 

71 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor and our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the required time period. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination or subsequent transaction with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, founders, officers or directors. In
the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our founders,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such initial business combination or transaction is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no
event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial
business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq, we have also been reimbursing our
sponsor for office space, administrative support and other services provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. 

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned
conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy, who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the Company. 

72 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to
which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the
extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification
against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for
any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have
entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided
for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers 
liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances
and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their
ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage
shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have
the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We believe that these provisions, the insurance
and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

73 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Executive Officer and Director Compensation 

The following disclosure concerns the compensation
of our executive officers and directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (i.e., pre-business combination). 

None of our executive officers or directors have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq
through the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse our sponsor for office
space, administrative support and other services provided to us in the amount of up to 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or
our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.
Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing
our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities
on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements,
no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined,
or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors
or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain
with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their
positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe
that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers
and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

74 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained
from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below percentage ownership is based
on 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 5,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. Voting power represents the combined voting
power of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders
of the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary
shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares
and Class B ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable
within 60 days of this Report. 

Class B ordinary shares 
 Class A ordinary shares 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 
 Orion Sponsor Holdings, LLC (our sponsor) (2) 
 4,880,000 
 97.6 

James Huang (3) 

Chrystyna Bedrij Stecyk (3) 

Mark Kayal 

Robert Simonds 

Samuel Broder 
 40,000 

James Collins 
 40,000 

Louisa Rodriguez 
 40,000 

All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 
 120,000 
 2.4 

Fir Tree Capital Management LP (4) 

1,000,000 
 5.0 
 
 Gerald D. Hosier (5) 

1,500,000 
 7.5 
 
 683 Capital Management, LLC (6) 

1,200,000 
 6.0 
 
 Vellar Opportunities Fund Master, Ltd. (7) 

1,000,000 
 5.0 

Less
than one-percent. 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor, New York,
New York 10017. 

(2) Our
sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Our sponsor is managed by a board of managers comprised of James Huang, John Phelan, and
Robert Platek, who control the sponsor. 

(3) Does
not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her membership interest in our sponsor. 

75 

(4) The
address of Fir Tree Capital Management LP is 55 West 46th Street, 29th Floor New York, NY 10036. Based on a Schedule 13G filed on February
14, 2022. 

(5) The
address of both Gerald D. Hosier and Gerald D. Hosier Revocable Trust (the Trust is 2020 Red Mountain Rd. Aspen, CO 81611
based on a Schedule 13G filed on October 15, 2021 (the Gerald Hosier 13G ). 

According to the Gerald Hosier 13G, Gerald D.
Hosier is the Trustee of the Trust. Due to the above ownership structure, holdings for Gerald Hosier and the Trust are aggregated for
the purposes of this filing. 

(6) The
address of 683 Capital Management, LLC, 683 Capital Partners, LP and Ari Zweiman is 3 Columbus Circle, Suite 2205, New York, NY 10019
based on a Schedule 13G filed on June 29, 2021 (the 683 Capital Management 13G ). 

According to the 683 Capital Management 13G, as
of May 13, 2021, and as of June 29, 2021, 683 Capital Partners, LP beneficially owned 1,200,000 ordinary shares. 683 Capital Management,
LLC, as the investment manager of 683 Capital Partners, LP, may be deemed to have beneficially owned the 1,200,000 ordinary shares beneficially
owned by 683 Capital Partners, LP. Ari Zweiman, as the Managing Member of 683 Capital Management, LLC, may be deemed to have beneficially
owned the 1,200,000 Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by 683 Capital Management, LLC. 

(7) Based
on a Schedule 13G filed on May 21, 2021 (the Vellar Opportunities 13G ), the address of Vellar Opportunities Fund Offshore,
Ltd. Vellar is Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay PO Box 1348 Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and the address of Cohen
 Company Financial Management, LLC, Dekania Investors, Cohen Company LLC, Cohen Company Inc. and Daniel Cohen (collectively,
 Cohen is 3 Columbus Circle, Suite 2400, New York, New York 10019 United States. Vellar and Cohen exercise shared power
to vote or to direct the vote of 1,000,000 Class A ordinary shares. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed
to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

76 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

On February 8, 2021, our sponsor paid an aggregate
of 25,000 for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, or founder
shares. On February 25, 2021, our sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 founder shares for no consideration, resulting in an aggregate
of 5,750,000 founder shares outstanding. On February 25, 2021 and on April 9, 2021, our sponsor transferred 40,000 founder shares to each
of our independent directors. Furthermore, on June 28, 2021, upon receiving notification from the underwriter that it would not exercise
its over-allotment option, our sponsor surrendered 750,000 founder shares for no consideration. All shares and associated amounts have
been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrenders. As a result, as of December 31, 2022, there were 5,000,000 founder shares
outstanding, and our sponsor owned 4,880,000 founder shares. The founder shares were issued to our sponsor in connection with our organization
pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The founder shares (including the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the
holder. 

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,333,333
private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at approximately 6,500,000. Each
private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

Prior to the consummation of our initial public
offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement with the forward purchase investor providing for the purchase of up to 20,000,000
of forward purchase units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, in a private placement which occurred concurrently with the closing
of our initial business combination. The number of forward purchase units to be purchased by the forward purchase investor will be subject
to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. The obligation to purchase the forward purchase units is subject to customary
closing conditions, including that our initial business combination must be consummated substantially concurrently with, and immediately
following, the purchase of forward purchase units. The proceeds from the sale of forward purchase units may be used as part of the consideration
to the sellers in our initial business combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital
in the post-transaction company. The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A ordinary shares included
in the units being sold in our initial public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights, as described
herein. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they are held by the forward
purchase investor or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity.
Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their
duties to us. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
One Vanderbilt Avenue, 26th Floor, New York, New York 10017. The cost for our use of this space is included in the up to 10,000
per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative support and other services, commencing on the date that our securities
were first listed on the Nasdaq. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to
our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be
reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with
activities on our behalf. 

Prior to the consummation of our initial public
offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. These
loans were non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of June 30, 2021 or the closing of our initial public
offering. The loan was repaid upon the closing of our initial public offering out of the estimated 1,500,000 of offering proceeds that
was allocated to the payment of offering expenses and that was not held in the trust account. 

77 

In addition, in order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of
our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an
initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that
the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such
loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than
our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up
to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We entered into a registration and shareholder
rights agreement pursuant to which our initial shareholders, and their permitted transferees, if any, are entitled to certain registration
rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the securities issuable upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, and the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares. Further, our sponsor,
upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to
our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

Our audit committee must review and approve any
related person transaction we propose to enter into. Our audit committee charter details the policies and procedures relating to transactions
that may present actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest and may raise questions as to whether such transactions are consistent
with the best interest of our company and our shareholders. 

At its meetings, the audit committee shall be
provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual
restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to
the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under
review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman
of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of
its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Samuel Broder, James Collins, and Louisa Rodriguez
are independent directors as defined in the listing standards of Nasdaq. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

78 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown,
PC for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements
and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown, PC for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection
with our initial public offering, totaled approximately 97,000 and 88,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC
any audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed
for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any tax fees for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All Other Fees . All other fees consist
of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay WithumSmith+Brown, PC any other fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

79 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-21 

(2) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report the
exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.(2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(2) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Holders signatory thereto.(2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor.(2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor.(2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated February 8, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor.(1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, between the Company, the Sponsor and each director and executive officer of the Registrant.(2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Forward Purchase Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, between the Company and Orion Sponsor Holdings, LLC(2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith 

Furnished
herewith 

(1) Incorporated
by reference to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated
by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

80 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 29, 2023 
 ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP. 

/s/ James Huang 

Name: 
 James Huang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ James Huang 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 James Huang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Mark Kayal 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Mark Kayal 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Robert Simonds 
 
 General Counsel, Assistant Secretary, 
Vice President and Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Robert Simonds 

/s/ Samuel Broder 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Samuel Broder 

/s/ James Collins 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 James Collins 

/s/ Louisa Rodriguez 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Louisa Rodriguez 

81 

ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 5, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of 

Orion Biotech Opportunities Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Orion Biotech Opportunities Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to complete a business combination by May 17, 2023, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating.
The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2021. 

New York, 

March 29, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Derivative liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares at redemption value at approximately and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year 
 Ended 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
February 5, 
2021 
(Inception) 
through 
December 31, 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses - related party 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses): 

Offering costs associated with derivative liabilities 
 -

Loss on forward purchase agreements 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Income earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR
THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 5, 2021 
(INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - February 5, 2021 (inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 
 -
 
 -

-

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants and forward purchase 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 

-

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ORION BIOTECH OPPORTUNITIES CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
 Period from 
February 5, 
2021 
(Inception) 
through 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Offering costs associated with derivative liabilities 
 -

General and administrative expenses paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 
 -

Loss on forward purchase agreement 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Income earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from note payable to related party 
 -

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 -

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Offering costs paid 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the
 Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ),
at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which
 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5). The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up
to an additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. On June 28, 2021, the over-allotment
option expired and was not exercised. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per
share subject to adjustment (see Note 8). 

warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million (see Note 4). 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of days Government Securities or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations Money Market Funds , and
collectively with Government Securities, the Trust Investments ), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the
Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the
Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

per share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem
their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed
in Note 6). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). In such case, the Company
will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business
Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other
reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.
If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company
decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to
redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a Public Shareholder
on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares prior to this Initial Public Offering (the Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company agreed not to enter
into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor. 

or more of the Class
A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, or May 17, 2023 (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to
shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

F- 8 

of the
Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata
portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution
expenses). 

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held
in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of
intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes
payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims
under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be
unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The
Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. There can be no guarantee that the Company will be successful in obtaining such
waivers from its targeted vendors and service providers. 

F- 9 

million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately . 

from the Sponsor to cover certain expenses on
the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), a loan from the Sponsor of approximately
 under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company repaid the Note in full upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. Subsequent
to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the
Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding
under any Working Capital Loan. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

of forward purchase units at a price
equal to per unit, in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Business Combination.
Each forward purchase unit will consist of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share,
with such warrants having the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants. The forward purchase agreement is recognized as a derivative
liability in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the instrument as a liability at fair value and adjusts the
instrument to fair value at each reporting period. 

Class A ordinary shares subject to
possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance
sheets. 

F- 12 

Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, because their exercise
is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net
income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from
earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

F- 13 

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of
approximately million, of which million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). 

for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). On February 25, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered Class B ordinary shares for no consideration, resulting in an
aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares
to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares will represent 
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 25, 2021, the Sponsor transferred
 Founder Shares to each of the independent directors. The recipient will not be subject to the forfeiture provisions described above.
On June 28, 2021, the over-allotment option expired, and the Sponsor forfeited of Class B ordinary shares. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million. 

per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement
Warrants will be non-redeemable except as described below in Note 7 and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the
Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

F- 14 

of forward purchase units. Each forward purchase unit (the Forward Purchase Unit will consist of one Class
A ordinary share (the Forward Purchase Shares and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share Forward
Purchase Warrant and will be sold at a purchase price of per Forward Purchase Unit in a private placement concurrently
with the closing of the initial Business Combination. The obligations of the Sponsor under the Forward Purchase Agreement do not depend
on whether any Public Shares are redeemed by the Company and the amount of Forward Purchase Units sold pursuant to the Forward Purchase
Agreement will be subject to the Sponsor s sole discretion. The proceeds from the sale of the Forward Purchase Units may be used
as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with the initial Business Combination
or for working capital in the post-transaction company. The Forward Purchase Shares will generally be identical to the Public Shares,
except that they will be entitled to certain registration rights. The Forward Purchase Warrants will have the same terms as the Private
Placement Warrants so long as they are held by MSD Partners or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company
had borrowed approximately under the Note. The Company repaid the Note in full upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. Subsequent
to the repayment, the facility is no longer available to the Company. 

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working
Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

per month for office space,
administrative support and other services provided to members of the Company s management team. For the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the period from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses of approximately 
and under this agreement, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding for services in connection
with such agreement on the accompanying balance sheets. 

F- 15 

additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. The over-allotment option has not been exercised. 

per unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 
per unit, or million in the aggregate will be payable to the representative for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee
will become payable to the representative from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a
Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 16 

and Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, respectively, were issued. 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 
per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and,
in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held
by the Initial Shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the 10-trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is
below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. See - Redemption of
warrants when the price per class A ordinary share equals or exceeds and - Redemption of warrants when the price
per class A ordinary share equals or exceeds (as described below). 

F- 17 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary
shares outstanding subject to possible redemption. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Plus: 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

F- 18 

preference shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no preference shares issued
or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were Class A ordinary
shares issued and outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 7). 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, plus the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise
of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination (net of any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), excluding any Class A
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, members of the founding
team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class
A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

F- 19 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public Warrants 
 -

-

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Warrants 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private Warrants 
 -
 
 -

was transferred from a Level 3 fair
value measurement to a Level 1 measurement, when the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded in July 2021. The estimated fair
value of Public Warrants was transferred from a Level 1 measurement to a Level 2 measurement due to lack of trading activity as of June
30, 2022. The Public Warrants were still held at Level 2 as of December 31, 2022, due to low trading volume. The estimated fair value
of the Private Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement in September 2022, as the transfer
of Private Placement Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee would result in the Private Placement Warrants having substantially
the same terms as the Public Warrants, the Company determined that the fair value of each Private Placement Warrant is equivalent to that
of each Public Warrant. There were no other transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from February 5, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

F- 20 

Stock price 

Volatility 
 - 
 
 Term (years) 

Estimated time to consummation of Business Combination (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Forward Purchase Agreement 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 2 

Derivative liabilities at December 31, 2022 
 -

F-21 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_orionbiotech.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted
company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common
law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association we are authorized to issue 500,000,000
Class A ordinary shares and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 5,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each.
The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Certain Terms 

Unless otherwise stated in
the Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the company, adopted on May 12, 2021. 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; 

forward purchase agreement are to the agreement between the company and the sponsor, pursuant to which the sponsor agreed to purchase up to 20,000,000 of forward purchase units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share and will be sold at a purchase price of 10.00 per forward purchase unit in a private placement concurrently with the closing of the initial Business Combination; 

forward purchase investor are to MSD Partners which entered into the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase shares are to Class A ordinary shares to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase securities are to the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants; 

forward purchase units are to the units consisting of one forward purchase share and one-fifth of one forward purchase warrant to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

forward purchase warrants are to warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares to be issued pursuant to the forward purchase agreement; 

founders are to James Huang and Chrystyna Bedrij Stecyk; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares ); 

initial public offering are to the company s offering on May 12, 2021 of 20,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor and each other holder of founder shares upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

MSD Capital are to MSD Capital, L.P., the family office of Michael Dell and his family; 

MSD Partners are to MSD Partners, L.P., an SEC registered investment adviser formed by partners of MSD Capital; 

ordinary resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

Panacea are to Panacea Venture Healthcare, a venture capital firm focused on early and growth stage healthcare companies globally; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and to be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

special resolution are to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter; 

sponsor are to Orion Sponsor Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Strategic Advisors are to John Phelan and Robert Platek. and 

we, us, our, company, our company or Orion are to Orion Biotech Opportunities Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

2 

Units 

Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one
Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the prospectus for our initial public
offering. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s
Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

The Class A ordinary
shares and warrants comprising the units began trading on July 2, 2021. Holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate
their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the
units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

Additionally, the units will
automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. 

Ordinary Shares 

Prior to the date of the Report,
there were 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial shareholders,
so that our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued and outstanding shares. 25,000,000 of our ordinary shares are outstanding including: 

20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of our initial public offering; and 

5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders (and their permitted transferees, if any). 

Ordinary shareholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A
ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as
required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary
shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special
resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and
pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided
into three classes, each of which generally serves for terms of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares
voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when,
as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled
to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders
of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may
only be amended by a special resolution passed by holders representing at least two-thirds of our outstanding Class B ordinary
shares. 

3 

Because our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into
a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A
ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we
seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

Our board of directors is
divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq.
As an exempted company, there is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors.
We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders
of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject
to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights may include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to
valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and our management team have entered into agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public
offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our
Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is
not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we
will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business
or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to
the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination
only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a
majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy, who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. However,
the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described
in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders
vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination unless restricted by applicable Nasdaq rules. For
purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the
approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

4 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with
any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares (as
defined in the Report), without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of
their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the
Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer
a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares
in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy, who attend and vote
at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder
shares and public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result,
in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 7,500,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding
shares are voted), or 1,250,001, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 20,000,000
public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial
business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they
vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate
an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering). 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash
at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

5 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated
as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units
that were sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders,
except that: 

only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; 

the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; 

our sponsor and our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares they hold, (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering); 

the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described below adjacent to the caption Founder shares conversion and anti-dilution rights and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; and 

the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 

If we submit our initial business
combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor and our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and any
public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands
law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy, who attend
and vote at a general meeting of the Company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their
founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination.
As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 7,500,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and
outstanding shares are voted), or 1,250,001, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of
the 20,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have
our initial business combination approved; 

6 

The founder shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares on the day of the closing of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering,
plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation
of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible
into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private
placement warrants issued to our sponsor, members of our management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of working capital
loans and the forward purchase securities. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares
at a rate of less than one to one. 

Except as described herein,
our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one
year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if
the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and
management team with respect to any founder shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion
or exercise thereof. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. 

Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of
our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an
initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.
These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed
by holders representing at least two-thirds of our outstanding Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted
to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders
of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one
vote. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law,
we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member; 

whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

7 

Under Cayman Islands law,
the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise
a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed
as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing
of this public offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of
members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against
their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination
on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that
the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the
correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary
shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association authorize 5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from
time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers,
preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference
shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary
shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without
shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing
management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any
preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in our
initial public offering. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each whole warrant
entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days
after the completion of our initial business combination, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current
prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the
circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under
the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may
exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a
given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will
trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least five units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants
will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

8 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants
is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect
to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue
a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has
been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the
warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the
holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event
will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants,
the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary
share underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon
as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the
closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus
relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided
that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such
that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at
our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is not effective by the 60 th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such
time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or
another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws
to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for
that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below)
less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in
this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the
trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

No fractional Class A
ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share,
we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time
of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement
(for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security.
At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the company (or surviving
company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise
of the warrants. 

A holder of a warrant may
notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares issued
and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

9 

Redemptions of warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we
may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants and the forward purchase
warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale
under all applicable state securities laws. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A
ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon
exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants 
Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is
issued. 

Redemption of warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; 

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and 

if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments the private placement warrants are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above; 

provided that holders will be able to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based
on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described
below. 

10 

Beginning on the date the
notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless
exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our
Class A ordinary shares on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are
not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares
during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the
number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below.
We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period
described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement,
references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary
shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers
in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the warrants
if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The share prices set forth
in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant
or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below.
If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the
share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant
after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event,
the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the
number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number
of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an
adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted
share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and
the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading 
Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less
the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

11 

Redemption Date 
 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 

(period to expiration of warrants) 

11.00 

12.00 

13.00 

14.00 

15.00 

16.00 

17.00 

> 18.00 

60 months 

0.261 

0.281 

0.297 

0.311 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

57 months 

0.257 

0.277 

0.294 

0.310 

0.324 

0.337 

0.348 

0.358 

0.361 

54 months 

0.252 

0.272 

0.291 

0.307 

0.322 

0.335 

0.347 

0.357 

0.361 

51 months 

0.246 

0.268 

0.287 

0.304 

0.320 

0.333 

0.346 

0.357 

0.361 

48 months 

0.241 

0.263 

0.283 

0.301 

0.317 

0.332 

0.344 

0.356 

0.361 

45 months 

0.235 

0.258 

0.279 

0.298 

0.315 

0.330 

0.343 

0.356 

0.361 

42 months 

0.228 

0.252 

0.274 

0.294 

0.312 

0.328 

0.342 

0.355 

0.361 

39 months 

0.221 

0.246 

0.269 

0.290 

0.309 

0.325 

0.340 

0.354 

0.361 

36 months 

0.213 

0.239 

0.263 

0.285 

0.305 

0.323 

0.339 

0.353 

0.361 

33 months 

0.205 

0.232 

0.257 

0.280 

0.301 

0.320 

0.337 

0.352 

0.361 

30 months 

0.196 

0.224 

0.250 

0.274 

0.297 

0.316 

0.335 

0.351 

0.361 

27 months 

0.185 

0.214 

0.242 

0.268 

0.291 

0.313 

0.332 

0.350 

0.361 

24 months 

0.173 

0.204 

0.233 

0.260 

0.285 

0.308 

0.329 

0.348 

0.361 

21 months 

0.161 

0.193 

0.223 

0.252 

0.279 

0.304 

0.326 

0.347 

0.361 

18 months 

0.146 

0.179 

0.211 

0.242 

0.271 

0.298 

0.322 

0.345 

0.361 

15 months 

0.130 

0.164 

0.197 

0.230 

0.262 

0.291 

0.317 

0.342 

0.361 

12 months 

0.111 

0.146 

0.181 

0.216 

0.250 

0.282 

0.312 

0.339 

0.361 

9 months 

0.090 

0.125 

0.162 

0.199 

0.237 

0.272 

0.305 

0.336 

0.361 

6 months 

0.065 

0.099 

0.137 

0.178 

0.219 

0.259 

0.296 

0.331 

0.361 

3 months 

0.034 

0.065 

0.104 

0.150 

0.197 

0.243 

0.286 

0.326 

0.361 

0 months 

0.042 

0.115 

0.179 

0.233 

0.281 

0.323 

0.361 

The exact fair market value
and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table
or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant
exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair
market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example,
if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date
on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months
until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277
Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth
in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately
following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there
are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their
warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in
connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected
in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection
with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. 

12 

This redemption feature differs
from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of
warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00 per
share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed
when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the
flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under 
Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants
in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option
pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the of this prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism
by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no
longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant
holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we
determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best
interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem
the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50,
because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class
A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving
fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary
shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

Anti-dilution Adjustments. If
the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A
ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such
capitalization or share dividend, sub-division or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on
exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to
holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical
fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the
product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other
equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and
(ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the
historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into
account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii)
 historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported
during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade
on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

13 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are
convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per
share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period
ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other
adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of
Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends
or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A
ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of
Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have
their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity,
or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then
the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or
the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of outstanding
Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A
ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification
or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted
by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the
number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the
denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In addition, if (x) we
issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination (other than the forward purchase securities) at an issue price or effective issue price of less than
 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and,
in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor
or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial
business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior
to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share,
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the
price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of
warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

14 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value
of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than
a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets
or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants
will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and
in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented
thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would
have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise
a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the
kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average
of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if
a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer
made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if
a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon
completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1)
under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning
of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part,
own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property
to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the
expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been
purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange
offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration
receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares
in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market,
or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises
the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified
in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such
exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the
exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the
warrants. 

The warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change
that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed
as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date
at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated,
accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable
to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. 

The warrant holders do not
have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A
ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one
vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

15 

No fractional shares will
be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant
holder. 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings
that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims
under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole
and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Except as described below,
the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants that were sold as part of the units
in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder
Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial
purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described above under Public
Warrants Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 so long as they are
held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its
permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders
on the same basis as the warrants included in the units that were sold in our initial public offering. Any amendment to the terms of the
private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote
of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. 

Our sponsor, or its permitted
transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described above under 
Public Warrants Redemption procedures and cashless exercise, if holders of the private placement warrants elect to
exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A
ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the
warrants by (y) the historical fair market value. The historical fair market value will mean the average reported closing
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable.
The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and
permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination.
If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to
have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods
of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession
of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A
ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could
be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants
on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

16 

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of
our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000
of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination company at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option
of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

Forward Purchase Securities 

Prior to the consummation
of our initial public offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement with the forward purchase investor pursuant to which the
forward purchase investor has agreed to purchase up to 20,000,000 of forward purchase units. Each forward purchase unit will consist
of one Class A ordinary share and one-fifth of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share, and will be sold at
a purchase price of 10.00 per unit in a private placement concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The obligations
of the forward purchase investor under the forward purchase agreement do not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares held by
public shareholders are redeemed by us and the amount of forward purchase units sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreement will be
subject to the forward purchase investor s sole discretion. The forward purchase shares will generally be identical to the Class A
ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, except that they will be entitled to certain registration
rights, as described herein. The forward purchase warrants will have the same terms as the private placement warrants so long as they
are held by the forward purchase investor or its permitted assignees and transferees. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time, and we will only pay such dividend
out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. If we incur any indebtedness
in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in
connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders,
directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in
that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are
governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments,
and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material
differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States
and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. 

In certain circumstances,
the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company
and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction) so as to form
a single surviving company. 

17 

Where the merger or consolidation
is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve and enter into a written plan of merger or consolidation
containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution
(usually a majority of two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company;
or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder
resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class
in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent
company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the
requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will
register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation
involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands
exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements
set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents
of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements
of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been
filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that
no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement
has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

Where the surviving company
is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration
to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that
the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud
unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign
company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the
transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the
laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign
company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the
relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger
or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures
are adopted, the Companies Act provides certain limited appraisal rights for dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before
the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger
or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved
by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice
of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven
days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which
the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company
must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value
and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company
must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period,
within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file
a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names
and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company.
At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest,
if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the
list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a
dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of
which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the
consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving
or consolidated company. 

18 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law
has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of
arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred
to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was
sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures
typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number
of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in
value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at
a general meeting, or an extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms
of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to
express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it
satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement
or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing
rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to
dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions 

When a tender offer is made
and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period,
require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court
of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment
of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar
to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions,
such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 

19 

Shareholders Suits 

Maples and Calder (Cayman)
LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative
actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions.
In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our
officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities,
which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing
principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or ultra vires (beyond the scope of its authority); 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct
right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities 

The Cayman Islands has a different
body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands
companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Maples
and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or
enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities
laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against
us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the
liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the
Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign
money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a
competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain
conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a
liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the
same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to
natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to
public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

20 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies 

We are an exempted company
with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies.
Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered
as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions
and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability 
means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in
exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other
circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering
that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution.
As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s
shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as
a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written
resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special
resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company
(i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

21 

Our initial shareholders and
their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

if we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent valuation or accounting firm that such a business combination or transaction is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

22 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. 

The Companies Act permits
a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution.
A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of
the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless
of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating
to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any
action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
public shares. 

Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorism
Financing, Prevention of Proliferation Financing and Financial Sanctions Compliance Cayman Islands 

If any person resident in
the Cayman Islands knows or suspects, or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting, that another person is engaged in criminal
conduct or money laundering, or is involved with terrorism, terrorist financing and property or proliferation financing or is the target
of a financial sanction and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated
sector or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the
Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure
relates to criminal conduct, money laundering, terrorist financing, proliferation financing or a financial sanctions breach or (ii) a
police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of
the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not
be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 

Data Protection Cayman Islands 

We have certain duties under
the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based on internationally accepted principles
of data privacy. 

23 

Privacy Notice 

Introduction 

This privacy notice puts our
shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes
personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). In the following discussion, the company 
refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. 

Investor Data 

We will collect, use, disclose,
retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during
the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to
conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only
transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational
information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental
loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

In our use of this personal
data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act, while our affiliates and
service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors 
for the purposes of the Data Protection Act or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services
provided to us. 

We may also obtain personal
data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or
any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact
information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport
number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who this Affects 

If you are a natural person,
this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted
limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in
the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals
or otherwise advise them of its content. 

24 

How the Company May Use a Shareholder s
Personal Data 

The company, as the data controller,
may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

1. 
 where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

2. 
 where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or 

3. 
 where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should we wish to use personal
data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. 

Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data 

In certain circumstances we
may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities
such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign
authorities, including tax authorities. 

We anticipate disclosing personal
data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States,
the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. 

The Data Protection Measures We Take 

Any transfer of personal data
by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of
the Data Protection Act. 

We and our duly authorized
affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against
unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 

We shall notify you of any
personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects
to whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued
Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized
for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans.
The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult
or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

25 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

We have 20,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares sold
in our initial public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for
any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
All of the 5,000,000 outstanding founder shares and all of the 4,333,333 outstanding private placement warrants are restricted securities
under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Upon the closing of the sale of
the forward purchase shares and forward purchase warrants, all of the forward purchase shares, forward purchase warrants and Class A
ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase warrants will be restricted securities under Rule 144. 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144,
a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided
that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding,
a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the
sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such
shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially
owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three
months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period
only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then outstanding, which will equal 250,000 shares; and 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under
Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information
about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144
by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial shareholders
will be able to sell their founder shares and our sponsor will be able to sell its private placement warrants, and the securities underlying
the foregoing, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

26 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, private placement warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants
and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
and shareholder rights agreement signed prior to our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However,
the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder
shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A
ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Pursuant to the forward purchase
agreement, we have agreed to use our reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the closing of the initial business
combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants
(and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter
but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which our sponsor or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and
(B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under
the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration statement is declared effective, cause us to conduct firm commitment
underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the forward purchase agreement provides for piggy-back 
registration rights to the holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by
us. 

Except as described herein,
our sponsor and our management team have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell (i) any of their founder shares until the earliest
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange
their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) any of their private placement warrants and Class A ordinary
shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Any permitted
transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and management team with respect to any founder
shares, private placement warrants and Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof. We refer to such transfer
restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. 

In addition, pursuant to an
agreement entered into prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial
business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor
holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 

Listing of Securities 

We have been approved to list
our units on Nasdaq under the symbol ORIAU. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that
the Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols ORIA and ORIAW, respectively.
The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our initial business
combination. 

27 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_orionbiotech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James Huang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Orion
Biotech Opportunities Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James Huang 

Name: 
 James Huang 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_orionbiotech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark Kayal, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Orion
Biotech Opportunities Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Kayal 

Name: 
 Mark Kayal 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_orionbiotech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James Huang, Chief Executive Officer of Orion Biotech Opportunities
Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The
Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ James Huang 

James Huang 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_orionbiotech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark Kayal, Chief Financial Officer of Orion Biotech Opportunities
Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The
Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Kayal 

Mark Kayal 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 oria-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 oria-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 oria-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 oria-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 oria-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

