<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_31107_0001654954-23-002848.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7577223</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>202805</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1253826</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2267204</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1691180</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1984722</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-002848.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314163131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-002848
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EASTERN CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000031107
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		IRS NUMBER:				060330020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35383
		FILM NUMBER:		23731488

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 ENTERPRISE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 408
		CITY:			SHELTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06484
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-729-2255

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 ENTERPRISE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 408
		CITY:			SHELTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06484

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-002848.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 eml_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

eml_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________________ to _______________ Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of July 2, 2022, the last day of registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the closing sales price of the registrant s common stock on the last trading date prior to that date). Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each officer and director and shares held in trust by the pension plans of the Company have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of February 15, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, no par value per share, were issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Certain information required for Part III of this report is incorporated herein by reference to portions of the proxy statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. The Eastern Company Form 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Table of Contents Safe Harbor Statement 3. PART I Item 1. Business 4. Item 1A. Risk Factors 7. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 16. Item 2. Properties 17. Item 3. Legal Proceedings 18. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 18. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 19. Item 6. Reserved 19. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 32. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 67. I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures 67. Item 9B. Other Information 69. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 69. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 70. Item 11. Executive Compensation 70. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 71. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 72. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 72. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 73. Exhibit Index 74. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 76. Signatures 78. 2 Table of Contents SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Eastern Company (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified or suggested by the context, the Company, Eastern, we, us, or our that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as would, should, could, may, will, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, intend, continue, plan, potential, opportunities, or similar terms or variations of those terms or the negative of those terms. There are many factors that affect the Company s business and the results of its operations and that may cause the actual results of operations in future periods to differ materially from those currently expected or anticipated. These factors include the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic effects, including supply chain disruptions, cost inflation, rising interest rates, delays in delivery of our products to our customers, impact on demand for our products, reductions in production levels, increased costs, including costs of raw materials, the impact on global economic conditions, the availability, terms and cost of financing, including borrowings under credit arrangements or agreements, and the impact of market conditions on pension plan funded status. Other factors include, but are not limited to: restrictions on operating flexibility imposed by the agreement governing our credit facility; the effect on interest rates of the replacement of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) with a Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR); risks associated with doing business overseas, including fluctuations in exchange rates and the inability to repatriate foreign cash, the impact on cost structure and on economic conditions as a result of actual and threatened increases in trade tariffs and the impact of political, economic and social instability; the inability to achieve the savings expected from global sourcing of materials; the impact of higher raw material and component costs, including the impact of supply chain shortages and inflation, particularly steel, plastics, scrap iron, zinc, copper and electronic components; lower-cost competition; our ability to design, introduce and sell new or updated products and related components; market acceptance of our products; the inability to attain expected benefits from acquisitions or the inability to effectively integrate such acquisitions and achieve expected synergies; domestic and international economic conditions, including the impact, length and degree of economic downturns on the customers and markets we serve and more specifically conditions in the automotive, construction, aerospace, energy, oil and gas, transportation, electronic, and general industrial markets; costs and liabilities associated with environmental compliance; the impact of climate change or terrorist threats and the possible responses by the U.S. and foreign governments; failure to protect our intellectual property; cyberattacks; materially adverse or unanticipated legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements; and other risks identified and discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors , and Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , of this Form 10-K and that may be identified from time to time in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Although the Company believes it has an appropriate business strategy and the resources necessary for its operations, future revenue and margin trends cannot be reliably predicted and the Company may alter its business strategies to address changing conditions. Also, the Company makes estimates and assumptions that may materially affect reported amounts and disclosures. These relate to valuation allowances for accounts receivable and excess and obsolete inventories, accruals for pensions and other postretirement benefits (including forecasted future cost increases and returns on plan assets), provisions for depreciation (estimating useful lives), uncertain tax positions, and, on occasion, accruals for contingent losses. The Company undertakes no obligation to update, alter, or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1 BUSINESS General Development of Business The Eastern Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Connecticut in October 1912, succeeding a co-partnership established in October 1858. The businesses of the Company design, manufacture and sell unique engineered solutions for industrial markets. Today, the Company maintains 17 physical locations across North America, Europe, and Asia. BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS On October 19, 2022, the Company sold its Argo EMS business Argo ). Argo supplies printed circuit boards and other electronic assemblies to original equipment manufacturers in various industries, including measurement systems, semiconductor equipment manufacturing, and industrial control, medical, and military products. On November 3, 2021, the Company sold its Greenwald Industries division Greenwald ). Greenwald is an original equipment manufacturer OEM offering a range of payment solutions from coin-vending products to smart card systems and payment applications. On November 22, 2021, the Company sold its Frazer Jones Company division Frazer Jones ). Frazer Jones is a high quality ductile and malleable iron foundry located in Syracuse, NY. In the second fiscal quarter of 2021 the Company determined that the companies included in its Diversified Products segment, including Argo, Greenwald, and Frazer Jones, no longer fit with our long-term strategy and met the criteria to be treated as held for sale, and that the assets held for sale qualify for discontinued operations. 4 Table of Contents Description of Business The Eastern Company manages industrial businesses that design, manufacture and sell unique engineered solutions to industrial markets. We believe Eastern s businesses operate in industries with long-term macroeconomic growth opportunities. Eastern manages the financial, operational, and strategic performance of its businesses to increase cash generation, operating earnings, and long-term shareholder value. Among other things, Eastern monitors financial and operational performance of each of its businesses and instills consistent financial discipline. Eastern s management analyzes and pursues prudent organic growth strategies and works to execute attractive external growth and acquisition opportunities. In addition, Eastern recruits and retains talented managers to operate its businesses. We look for leaders who are accountable, maintain cost discipline, act quickly, and build strong followership. Company Operations The Company s operations consist of Big 3 Precision, including Big 3 Precision Products Inc. Big 3 Products and Big 3 Mold Services, Inc. Big 3 Mold ), Hallink Moulds, Inc. Hallink Moulds or Hallink ), and Associated Toolmakers Ltd. Associated Toolmakers Eberhard Manufacturing Company Eberhard Manufacturing ), Eastern Industrial Ltd, World Lock Company Ltd., Dongguan Reeworld Security Products Ltd., and World Security Industries (together, Eberhard and Velvac Holdings Inc. Velvac ). These businesses design, manufacture, and market a diverse product line of custom and standard vehicular and industrial hardware, including turnkey returnable packaging solutions, access and security hardware, mirrors, and mirror-cameras. Big 3 Products and Big 3 Mold s turnkey returnable packaging solutions are used in the assembly processes of vehicles, aircraft, and durable goods and in the production processes of plastic packaging products, packaged consumer goods and pharmaceuticals. Big 3 Products works with leading OEMs to design and produce custom returnable transport packaging to integrate with OEM assembly processes. Big 3 Mold is a global leader in the design and manufacture of blow mold tools. Hallink Moulds is a leader in innovative injection blow mold tooling and is a leading supplier of blow molds and change parts to the food, beverage, healthcare, and chemical industry. Hallink specializes in the design, development and manufacture of 2-step stretch blow molds, and related components for the stretch blow molding industry offering integrated turnkey solutions to its customers worldwide. Eberhard, a global leader in the engineering and manufacturing of access and security hardware, offers a standard product line of rotary latches, compression latches, draw latches, hinges, camlocks, key switches, padlocks, and handles, among other products, as well as comprehensive development and program management services for custom electromechanical and mechanical systems designed for specific OEMs and customer applications. Eberhard s products are found in an expansive range of applications and products globally. Velvac is a designer and manufacturer of proprietary vision technology for OEMs and aftermarket applications, and a leading provider of aftermarket components to the heavy-duty truck market in North America. Velvac serves diverse, niche segments within the heavy- and medium-duty truck, motorhome, and bus markets. Human Capital We believe our success depends on the skills, experience, and industry knowledge of our key talent. As such, our management team places significant focus and attention on the attraction, development, and retention of employees, as well as ensuring our corporate culture reflects Eastern s values, and our Board of Directors (our Board provides oversight for various employee initiatives. Eastern values and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics guide our actions, reflect our culture, and drive our performance. We have made and continue to make investments in training, and we have a well-established performance management process. An engaged, innovative, skilled, and collaborative workforce is critical to our continued leadership in the design and manufacture of unique engineered solutions to industrial markets. We operate globally under policies and programs that provide competitive wages, benefits, and terms of employment. We are committed to efforts to increase diversity and foster an inclusive work environment that supports our global workforce through recruiting efforts and equitable compensation policies. The health and safety of our employees is also a top priority. Our focus on the reduction of injuries and illnesses has significantly improved our safety performance. We have attained these improvements by fostering a global safety culture supported with regular training and education that includes robust systems and philosophies centered on personal responsibility and accountability. The Board established an Environment, Health and Safety Committee in 2019. There is a high level of leadership engagement, ensuring installation and maintenance of appropriate safety equipment at all our manufacturing sites worldwide combined with vigorous reviews of root causation and systemic corrective actions of any safety incidents that may occur. 5 Table of Contents In response to the emergence of COVID-19 in early 2020, we implemented a proactive internal procedure and complied with local, federal, and international governmental guidance that has enabled us to operate safely. Each of our facilities continues to adhere to such guidance as it has evolved, and we have also adjusted our remote worker safety procedures to ensure that remote employees are better integrated into our safety and health systems. Employee levels are managed to align with business demand and management believes it currently has sufficient human capital to operate its business successfully. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 1,191 full-time employees: 607 in the United States and 584 in other countries. Approximately 24 of employees in the United States are represented by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our relations with employees, unions and works councils are in good standing. General Patent and trademark protection for the various product lines of the Company is limited, but the Company believes the current patents and trademark protection is sufficient to protect the Company s competitive positions. Patent durations are from 1 to 20 years. No business operation is dependent on any patent, nor would the loss of any patent have any material adverse effect on the Company s business. During the second fiscal quarter of 2021, the Company announced plans to sell the companies included in our Diversified Products segment, these assets met the criteria to be treated as held for sale and reported as discontinued operations. Subsequently, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company sold Greenwald and Frazer Jones. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company sold Argo. The Company s businesses are not subject to seasonal variations. Customers of the Company are broad-based by geography and by market, and sales are not highly concentrated by customer. Only one customer exceeded 10 of accounts receivable for each of fiscal 2022 and 2021. Foreign sales were not significant for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. The Company encounters competition in its businesses. Imports from Asia and Latin America with favorable currency exchange rates and low-cost labor have created additional pricing pressure. The Company competes successfully by offering high-quality, custom engineered products on a timely basis. To compete, the Company deploys internal engineering resources, maintains cost effective manufacturing capabilities through its wholly owned Asian subsidiaries, expands its product lines through product development and acquisitions, and maintains sufficient inventory for fast turnaround of customer orders. The Company does not anticipate that compliance with federal, state, or local environmental laws or regulations is likely to have a material effect on the Company s capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. The Company obtains materials from nonaffiliated domestic sources, as well as from Company-affiliated and unaffiliated sources in Asia. Availability and prices of raw materials and outside services were affected by measures taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as by global trade restrictions, for some of the Company s businesses during 2022. We expect raw materials and outside services to be more readily available in 2023 unless resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic occurs or trade restrictions continue, but prices may remain elevated or increase further. The Company s ratio of working capital (current assets less current liabilities) to sales was 26.1 in 2022 and 27.2 in 2021. Working capital includes cash held in various foreign subsidiaries. Other factors affecting working capital include our average days sales in accounts receivable, inventory turnover ratio and payment of vendor accounts payable. In some cases, the company must hold extra inventory due to extended lead time in receiving products ordered from our foreign subsidiaries to ensure product is available for our customers. The Company continues to monitor working capital needs with the goal of reducing our ratio of working capital to sales. 6 Table of Contents Available Information The Company makes available, free of charge through its Internet website at http://www.easterncompany.com, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information posted on the Company s website is not incorporated into this Form 10-K and is not part of this Form-10K. The Company s reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS The Company s business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties described below. In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K and the Company s other filings with the SEC, these risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company s business. If any of these risks, or any risks not presently known to the Company or currently deemed immaterial by the Company, materialize, the Company s business, reputation, stock price, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and the Company may not be able to achieve its goals or expectations. This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Business Our financial and operating performance has been and may continue to be adversely affected by COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic conditions, including inflation, rising interest rates, and potential recessionary pressures, and may be adversely affected by future developments with respect to this or another epidemic. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on economic conditions, the Company has experienced and could continue to experience disruptions to its business, its operations, the delivery of its products and customer demand for its products, including the following: The broader economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences, may continue to result in unfavorable operating earnings and cash flow generation in the months to follow. Current global economic conditions are highly volatile due to the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in economic slowdowns that have caused and are likely to continue to cause contractions in some or all the markets we serve. This has led to and may continue to lead to decreased demand for the Company s products, which in turn has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the Company s financial condition and operating results. Other macroeconomic factors also remain dynamic, and any causes of market size contraction, and overall economic slowdowns could reduce the Company s sales or erode operating margin, in either case reducing earnings. In addition, volatile global economic conditions may cause foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which could result in increases or decreases in earnings and may adversely affect the value of the Company s assets outside the United States. Increased pricing in response to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may offset portions of the currency impacts but could also have a negative impact on demand for the Company s products, which would affect sales and profits. Exchange rate fluctuations could also increase pricing pressure and impair the ability of the Company s products to compete with products imported from regions with favorable exchange rates. Supply shortages and supply chain disruptions originally triggered by shutdowns and other restrictions imposed to slow the spread and resurgence of COVID-19 have impacted and may continue to impact the prices and availability of certain of the raw materials and components used in the production of the Company s products, which could impair the Company s ability to procure the required raw materials and components for its operations or increase the cost of manufacturing its products. The Company may be unable to pass increases in the cost of raw materials and components on to its customers and could experience reductions to its profit margins. Also, any decrease in the availability of raw materials and components could impair the Company s ability to meet production requirements in a timely manner or at all. The economic downturn has resulted and could continue to result in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets exceeding their fair value, which has required and could continue to require the Company to recognize asset impairment. 7 Table of Contents To the extent the Company draws under the revolving portion of the Credit Agreement, debt of the Company would increase. Such an increase in indebtedness could adversely affect the Company s financial results or ability to incur additional debt and could negatively impact credit ratings. The continuing economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including any resurgences, could also negatively impact the Company s compliance with the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement or the interest rate of borrowings under the Credit Agreement. In addition, as a result of the risks described above, the Company may in the future be required to raise additional debt or equity financing, and the availability, terms and cost of such financing would depend on, among other things, global economic conditions, conditions in the global financing markets, trading prices of the Company s common stock, the credit ratings of the Company, and the outlook for the industries in which the Company operates, all of which could be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the extent of any resurgences, and related economic effects, including inflation, rising interest rates, and potential recessionary pressures. There can be no assurance that such financing would be available on acceptable terms, in sufficient quantities, or at all. Pension plan funded status, the ratio of plan assets over plan liabilities, is largely influenced by current market conditions. To the extent asset returns and interest rates, which are used to discount future plan benefits, change from prior measurement periods, the plan s funded ratio has the potential to change significantly. Any of the foregoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic conditions, if it persists, worsens or recurs, or the future occurrence of any other epidemic, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 64,147,000 in total consolidated indebtedness. Subject to restrictions contained in the Credit Agreement, the Company may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness incurred to finance acquisitions. The level of indebtedness and servicing costs associated with that indebtedness could have important effects on our operation and business strategy. For example, the indebtedness could: Place the Company at a competitive disadvantage relative to the Company s competitors, some of which have lower debt service obligations and greater financial resources; Limit the Company s ability to borrow additional funds; Limit the Company s ability to complete future acquisitions; Limit the Company s ability to pay dividends; Limit the Company s ability to make capital expenditures; and Increase the Company s vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions. The Company s ability to make scheduled principal payments, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy other debt obligations will depend upon future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond the Company s control. In addition, there can be no assurance that future borrowings or the issuance of equity would be available to the Company on favorable terms for the payment or refinancing of the Company s debt. If the Company were unable to service its indebtedness, the business, financial condition, and results of operation would be materially adversely affected. The Credit Agreement contains covenants requiring the Company to achieve certain financial and operations results and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. The Company s ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in the Credit Agreement may be affected by events beyond our control, and the Company may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. The Credit Agreement also contains a number of restrictive covenants that could adversely affect the Company s ability to operate its business. These covenants restrict, among other things, the Company s ability to: Merge with or into another company or sell assets; Grant liens; Incur additional indebtedness; Make investments or guarantee indebtedness of another person or entity; Pay dividends, make distributions or repurchase equity; Engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and Make certain changes to the Company s business. 8 Table of Contents A breach of these covenants or the Company s inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions contained in our Credit Agreement could result in an event of default under the Credit Agreement. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Credit Agreement and/or the expiration of any grace periods, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under our credit facility, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. If this were to occur, the Company s assets may not be sufficient to fully repay the amounts due under our credit facility or the Company s other indebtedness. The phaseout of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), or the replacement of LIBOR with a different reference rate such as SOFR, may adversely affect interest rates. Central banks around the world, including the FRB, are working to implement the transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to replacement benchmarks including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR in the United States. The ICE Benchmark Administration (the IBA ceased publication of all settings of non-US dollar LIBOR and the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021, with the publication of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings scheduled to be discontinued after June 30, 2023. The Adjustable Interest Rate Act (the LIBOR Act ), which was signed into law on March 15, 2022, provided a replacement framework for outstanding financial contracts tied to LIBOR once LIBOR ceases to be published. The LIBOR Act provides a statutory mechanism and safe harbor that applies on a nationwide basis to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate, selected by the Federal Reserve Board based on SOFR, for certain contracts that reference LIBOR and contain no or insufficient fallback provisions. The LIBOR Act preempts and supersedes any state or local law, statute, rule, regulation, or standard relating to the selection or use of a benchmark replacement or related changes and allows parties that already have effective fallback provisions to opt out of the legislation. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the LIBOR Act that, among other things, identifies the applicable SOFR-based benchmark replacements under the LIBOR Act for various contact types. The difference between LIBOR and SOFR is that LIBOR is a forward-looking rate which means the interest rate is set at the beginning of the period with payment due at the end. SOFR is a backward-looking overnight rate which has implications for how interest and other payments are based. The change from LIBOR to SOFR may adversely affect interest rates and result in higher borrowing costs. The effect of this change is still unknown and could materially and adversely affect the Company s results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Risks Related to Competition and Global Operations The Company s business is subject to risks associated with conducting business overseas. International operations could be adversely affected by changes in political and economic conditions, trade protection measures, restrictions on repatriation of earnings, differing intellectual property rights and changes in regulatory requirements that restrict the sales of products or increase costs. Changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies could result in increases or decreases in earnings and may adversely affect the value of the Company s assets outside the United States. The Company s operations are also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations. These trade agreements could impose requirements that adversely affect the Company s business, such as, but not limited to, setting quotas on products that may be imported from a particular country into the Company s key markets in North America. The Company s ability to import products in a timely and cost-effective manner may also be affected by conditions at ports or issues that otherwise affect transportation and warehousing providers, such as port and shipping capacity, labor disputes, severe weather or increased homeland security requirements in the United States or other countries. These issues could delay importation of products or require the Company to locate alternative ports or warehousing providers to avoid disruption to customers. These alternatives may not be available on short notice or could result in higher transit costs, which could have an adverse impact on the Company s business, financial conditions, or results of operations. In addition, the Company s growth strategy involves expanding sales of its products into foreign markets. There is no guarantee that the Company s products will be accepted by foreign customers or how long it may take to develop sales of the Company s products in these foreign markets. 9 Table of Contents Supply chain disruptions, delays in production, and forecast inaccuracies have affected and could continue to affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, result in excess inventory, and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Raw materials needed to manufacture products are obtained from numerous suppliers. Under normal market conditions, these raw materials are readily available on the open market from a variety of producers. However, from time to time, the prices and availability of these raw materials fluctuate due to the impact of inflation, as well as changes in existing and expected rates of inflation, which could impair the Company s ability to procure the required raw materials for its operations or increase the cost of manufacturing its products. If the price of raw materials increases, the Company may be unable to pass these increases on to its customers and could experience reductions to its profit margins. Additionally, any decrease in the availability of raw materials could impair the Company s ability to meet production requirements in a timely manner or at all. The Company faces active global competition and if it does not compete effectively, its business may suffer. The Company encounters competition in all its business operations, and imports from Asia and Latin America with favorable currency exchange rates and low-cost labor have resulted in pricing pressure. The Company competes with other companies that offer comparable products or that produce different products appropriate for the same uses. To remain profitable and defend market share, the Company must continue to offer high quality custom engineered products on a timely basis, develop new products or update existing products to compete with new or updated products introduced by competitors, deploy internal engineering resources, maintain cost-effective manufacturing capabilities through its wholly owned Asian subsidiaries, expand its product lines through product development and acquisitions, and maintain sufficient inventory for fast turnaround of customer orders. The Company may not be able to compete effectively on all these fronts and with all its competitors, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on its sales and profit margins. In addition, the Company may have to reduce prices on its products and services, or make other concessions, to stay competitive and retain market share. Price reductions taken by the Company in response to customer and competitive pressures, as well as price reductions and promotional actions taken to drive demand that may not result in anticipated sales levels, could also negatively impact the Company s business. Tariffs, trade sanctions and political instability may impact the availability or cost of raw materials, which could adversely affect our margins, ability to meet customer demand, business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company obtains raw materials used in the production of its products from domestic sources, as well as from Company-affiliated and unaffiliated sources in Asia. Changes in international trade duties and other aspects of international trade policy, both in the United States and abroad, could materially impact the cost of these raw materials. For example, from March 2018 until March 2021, the United States imposed an additional 25 tariff under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, on steel products imported into the United States. While these tariffs have mostly been lifted on imports from countries other than China, imports from many jurisdictions are subject to limitations on volume, after which substantial tariffs will be reimposed. The United States also imposed a 10 tariff on all aluminum imports into the United States, with initial exemptions for aluminum imported from certain U.S. trading partners. Such actions could increase steel and aluminum costs and decrease supply availability. In response to the invasion of Ukraine by the military forces of the Russian Federation, the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions have imposed sanctions that, among other things, prohibit the importation of a wide array of commodities and products from Russia, which is a major global supplier of nickel. Any increase in nickel, steel and/or aluminum prices that is not offset by an increase in the Company s prices could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, if the Company is unable to acquire timely nickel, steel or aluminum supplies, the Company may need to decline customer orders, which could also have an adverse effect on the business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In addition to sustained increases in the cost of raw materials, the military conflict between Ukraine and Russia and the related sanctions and trade restrictions have continued to cause supply disruptions with respect to component parts for our products and resulted in higher oil and other commodity prices that have increased shipping and transportation costs. If the conflict persists or escalates, this may further disrupt global supply chains and could result in shortages of key raw materials or component parts that the Company s suppliers require to satisfy our needs. Any increases in the cost, or shortages, of raw materials or energy may continue to create supply issues for critical materials that could constrain the Company s manufacturing levels, which may lead to inability to meet demand for our products and could result in a loss of business and possible reduced margins for the Company if the cost increases cannot be fully offset by higher selling prices. 10 Table of Contents Changes in competition in the markets that the Company services could impact revenues and earnings. Any change in competition may result in lost market share or reduced prices, which could result in reduced profits and margins. This may impair the ability to grow or even maintain current levels of revenues and earnings. The loss of certain customers could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations until such business is replaced, and no assurances can be made that the Company would be able to regain or replace any lost customers. Risks Related to Acquisitions and Organic Growth The inability to develop new or updated products could limit growth. Demand for new products, or the need to update existing products to compete with new or updated products offered by competitors, could adversely affect the Company s performance, ability to maintain current levels of revenues and earnings, and prospects for future growth if the Company were unable to develop and introduce new competitive products or updates to existing products at favorable profit margins. The uncertainties associated with developing and introducing new products or updates to existing products, such as the market demands and the costs of development and production, may impede the successful development and introduction of new products or updates to existing products. Acceptance of the new or updated products may not meet sales expectations due to several factors, such as the Company s potential inability to accurately predict market demand or to resolve technical issues in a timely and cost-effective manner. Additionally, the inability to develop new or updated products on a timely basis could result in the loss of business to competitors. The inability to identify or complete acquisitions could limit growth. The Company s future growth may partly depend on its ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses. The Company intends to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance the Company s position in existing markets. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to successfully identify suitable candidates, negotiate appropriate terms, obtain financing on acceptable terms, complete proposed acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses or expand into new markets. Once acquired, operations may not achieve anticipated levels of revenues or profitability. Acquisitions involve risk, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies and the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. Although the Company s management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, there can be no assurances that the Company s management will properly ascertain all such risks. In addition, prior acquisitions have resulted, and future acquisitions could result in the incurrence of substantial debt and other expenses. Future acquisitions may also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities. Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may be unable to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions of any businesses we may acquire in the future. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions. We may not be able to complete transactions on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, and the success of any such acquisitions depends on our ability to combine the acquired business with our existing business in a manner that does not disrupt our and the acquired business s ongoing relationships with customers, suppliers, and employees. Our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely impacted by (i) the failure of acquired businesses to meet or exceed expected returns, including risk of impairment; (ii) the failure to integrate multiple acquired businesses into the Company simultaneously and on schedule or to achieve expected synergies and (iii) the discovery of unanticipated liabilities, cybersecurity and compliance issues, labor relations difficulties or other problems in acquired businesses for which we lack contractual protections, or insurance or indemnities. 11 Table of Contents Risks Related to Technology and Information Security Our technology is important to the Company s success and the failure to protect this technology could put the Company at a competitive disadvantage. Some of the Company s products rely on proprietary technology; therefore, the Company believes that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of its business. Despite the Company s efforts to protect proprietary rights, unauthorized parties or competitors may copy or otherwise obtain and use the Company s products or technology. Actions to enforce these rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and the Company makes no assurances that any such actions will be successful. In addition to the United States, we have applied for intellectual property protection in other jurisdictions with respect to certain innovations and new products, product features, and processes. The laws of certain foreign countries in which we do business, or may contemplate doing business in the future, do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as U.S. law. As a result, these factors could weaken our competitive advantage with respect to our products, services, and brands in foreign jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our financial performance. We may also encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our licensed and owned intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions. For example, China currently affords less protection to a company s intellectual property than some other jurisdictions. As such, the lack of strong patent and other intellectual property protection in China may significantly increase our vulnerability regarding unauthorized disclosure or use of our intellectual property and undermine our competitive position. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. The Company relies on information and technology for many of its business operations, which could fail and cause disruption to the Company s business operations. The Company s business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information and to communicate among its locations around the world and with clients and vendors. A shut-down of, or inability to access, one or more of the Company s facilities, a power outage, a ransomware incident, or a failure of one or more of the Company s information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair the Company s ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Computer viruses, cyberattacks, other external hazards and human error could result in the misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure, service denial or data loss and damage could result in a deterioration of the Company s ability to write and process orders, provide customer service, or perform other necessary business functions. A breach in the security of the Company s software or information technology systems could harm its reputation, result in a loss of current and potential customers, and subject the Company to material claims, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. If the Company s security measures are breached, an unauthorized party may obtain access to the Company s data or users or customers data. In addition, cyberattacks and similar acts could lead to interruptions and delays in operations or customer processing or a loss or breach of the Company s or a customer s data. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, the Company may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm the Company s business is likely to increase as the Company expands its reliance on technology for its operations and order processing and enhances the number of web-based products we offer, the services we provide, and our global operations. 12 Table of Contents Data breaches and other serious cybersecurity incidents have increased globally, along with the methods, techniques and complexity of attacks, including use of viruses, ransomware and other malicious software, phishing and other efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs or other security vulnerabilities. Continued geopolitical turmoil, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, has heightened the risk of cyberattacks. We have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to such cyberattacks, although none has had a material impact on our operations. Also, the same cybersecurity threats exist for the third parties with whom we interact and share information and cyberattacks on third parties that possess or use our customer, personnel and other information could adversely impact us in the same way as would a direct cyberattack on us. The Company is subject to federal, state, and international laws and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information and individual payment data. The information, security and privacy requirements imposed by such laws and regulations are constantly evolving and are becoming increasingly demanding in the United States and other jurisdictions in which the Company operates. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the United States and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with the Company s data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines or other penalties, this could result in an order requiring that the Company change its data practices, which could be costly, divert management attention, and have an adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. The Company has incurred and may continue to incur significant costs relating to compliance with these laws and regulations, including costs related to updating certain business practices and systems and ensuring continued compliance. Further, any changes to laws or regulations, including new restrictions or requirements applicable to our business, or an increase in enforcement of existing laws and regulations, could expose the Company to additional costs and liability. Any security breaches for which the Company is, or is perceived to be, responsible, in whole or in part, or any actual or perceived violations of data privacy laws and regulations, could subject the Company to legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations, which could harm the Company s reputation and result in significant litigation costs and damage awards or settlement amounts. Any imposition of liability, particularly liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage, could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. Security breaches also could cause the Company to lose current and potential customers, which could have an adverse effect on the Company s business. Moreover, the Company may be required to expend significant financial and other resources to further protect against security breaches or to rectify problems caused by any security breach. Litigation, Compliance and Regulatory Risks Delays in, or disagreements with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding, the Company s evaluation of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company s stock or its borrowing ability. In addition, future changes in operating conditions could result in inadequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company is an accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act and is thus required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section 404 requires the Company to include in its report management s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal period for which the Company is filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K. This report must also include disclosure of any material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that the Company has identified. Additionally, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm is required to issue a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting and their evaluation of the operating effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company s assessment requires it to make subjective judgments, and the independent registered public accounting firm may not agree with the Company s assessment. If the Company or its independent registered public accounting firm were unable to complete the assessments within the period prescribed by Section 404 and thus be unable to conclude that the internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors could lose confidence in the Company s reported financial information, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of the Company s common stock or impact the Company s borrowing ability. In addition, changes in operating conditions and changes in compliance with policies and procedures currently in place may result in inadequate internal control over financial reporting in the future. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities could increase the Company s expenses and adversely affect the Company s financial condition. The Company s operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including air emissions, water discharges, waste management and workplace safety. These laws and regulations can result in the imposition of substantial fines and sanctions for violations and could require the installation of pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit pollution emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases. The Company must conform its operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which the Company s businesses operate as these requirements change. 13 Table of Contents The Company uses and generates hazardous substances and wastes in its operations and, as a result, could be subject to potentially material liabilities relating to the investigation and clean-up of contaminated properties and to claims alleging personal injury. The Company has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, costs relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. In connection with the Company s acquisitions, the Company may assume significant environmental liabilities, some of which it may not be aware of at the time of acquisition. In addition, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new clean-up requirements could require the Company to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Natural disasters, changes in climate, and geo-political events may negatively impact our business. Natural disasters, changes in climate, and geo-political events could materially adversely affect our financial performance. The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, floods, fires, earthquakes, tsunamis, cyclones, typhoons, weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, severe changes in climate and geo-political events, such as war, civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. The Company could be subject to litigation, which could have a material impact on the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. From time to time, the Company s operations are parties to or targets of lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings, including product liability, personal injury, patent and intellectual property, commercial, contract, and environmental and employment matters, which are defended and settled in the ordinary course of business. Any litigation to which the Company may be subject could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, or results of operations. See Item 3 Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K for a discussion of current litigation. The Company could be subject to additional tax liabilities. The Company is subject to income tax laws of the United States, its states, and municipalities and those of other foreign jurisdictions in which the Company has business operations. These laws are complex, evolving, and subject to interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. The Company s future annual and quarterly tax rates could be affected by numerous factors, including changes in the (1) applicable tax laws; (2) composition of earnings in countries with differing tax rates; or (3) recoverability of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Beginning in 2022, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the existing option to deduct research and development expenditures and requires taxpayers to amortize them over five years pursuant to IRC Section 174. This requirement is expected to reduce our cash flows. In August 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA which includes a new 15 corporate minimum tax as well as a 1 excise tax on fair value of corporate stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. The IRA could have a negative impact on our tax position. Many countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development are also actively considering changes to existing tax laws or have proposed or enacted new laws that could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business. Any of these developments or changes in federal, state, or international tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our results of operations. Significant judgment and interpretation are required in determining the Company s worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of business, transactions arise where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although the Company believes that our tax estimates are reasonable, the outcome of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from that which is reflected in historical income tax provisions and accruals. Based on the status of a given tax audit or related litigation, a material effect on the Company s income tax provision or net income may result during the period or periods from the initial recognition of a particular matter in the Company s reported financial results to the final closure of that tax audit or settlement of related litigation when the ultimate tax and related cash flow is known with certainty. 14 Table of Contents General Risk Factors The Company s goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets may become impaired, which could require a significant charge to earnings be recognized. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment at least annually. Future operating results used in the assumptions, such as sales or profit forecasts, may not materialize, and the Company has been and could in the future be required to record a significant charge to earnings in the financial statements during the period in which any impairment is determined, resulting in an unfavorable impact on our results of operations. The Company may need additional capital in the future, which may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. From time to time, the Company has historically relied on outside financing to fund expanded operations, capital expenditure programs and acquisitions. The Company may require additional capital in the future to fund operations or strategic opportunities. The Company cannot be assured that additional financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, the terms of available financing may place limits on the Company s financial and operating flexibility. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient capital in the future, the Company may not be able to expand or acquire complementary businesses and may not be able to continue to develop new products or otherwise respond to changing business conditions or competitive pressures. The Company s stock price may become highly volatile, and investors may not be able to sell their shares at their desired prices, or at all. The Company s stock price may change dramatically when buyers seeking to purchase shares of the Company s common stock exceed the shares available on the market, or when there are no buyers to purchase shares of the Company s common stock when shareholders are trying to sell their shares. The Company s common stock has historically been thinly traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing shares of Company common stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small. This may contribute to price volatility, as the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence share price and may prevent investors from selling their shares at or above their purchase price if there is not sufficient demand for the shares at the time of sale. The Company depends on key management, sales and marketing and technical personnel, the loss of whom could harm its businesses. The Company depends on key management and technical personnel. The loss of one or more key employees could materially and adversely affect the Company. The Company s success also depends on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical, sales and marketing and management personnel necessary for the maintenance and expansion of its activities. The Company faces strong competition for such personnel and may not be able to attract or retain such personnel. In addition, when the Company experiences periods with little or no profits, a decrease in compensation based on profits may make it difficult to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. To attract and retain executives and other key employees, the Company must provide a competitive compensation package. If the Company s profits decrease, or if the Company s total compensation package is not viewed as competitive, the Company s ability to attract, retain and motivate executives and key employees could be weakened. The failure to successfully hire and retain executives and key employees or the loss of any executives and key employees could have a significant impact on our operations. The Company may not be able to reach acceptable terms for contracts negotiated with its labor unions and be subject to work stoppages or disruption of production. During 2023, union contracts covering approximately 21 of the Company s total workforce will expire. The Company has been successful in negotiating new contracts over the years but cannot guarantee that will continue and the Company has, in the past experienced, and could in the future experience, temporary work stoppages during negotiation of such contracts. Failure to negotiate new union contracts, or any work stoppage that is prolonged, could result in the disruption of production, inability to deliver product, or a number of unforeseen circumstances, any of which could have an unfavorable material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. 15 Table of Contents Deterioration in the creditworthiness of several major customers could have a material impact on the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. Included as a significant asset on the Company s balance sheet are accounts receivable from our customers. If several large customers become insolvent or are otherwise unable to pay for products or become unwilling or unable to make payments in a timely manner, it could have an unfavorable material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. Although the Company is not dependent on any one customer, deterioration in several large customers at the same time could have an unfavorable material impact on the Company s results of operations or financial condition. One customer exceeded 14 of total accounts receivable for fiscal 2022 and one customer exceeded 10 of total accounts receivable for fiscal 2021. The Company s operating results may fluctuate, which makes the results of operations difficult to predict and could cause the results to fall short of expectations. The Company s operating results may fluctuate because of several factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing the Company s operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and past results should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Quarterly, year to date, and annual costs and expenses as a percentage of revenues may differ significantly from historical or projected levels. Future operating results may fall below expectations. These types of events could cause the price of the Company s stock to fall. New or existing U.S. or foreign laws and regulations could subject the Company to claims or otherwise impact the Company s business, financial condition, or results of operations. The Company is subject to a variety of laws, regulations, rules, and policies in both the U.S. and foreign countries that are costly to comply with, can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort, and can subject the Company to claims or other remedies. These laws, regulations, rules, and policies could relate to any of an array of issues including, but not limited to, environmental, tax, intellectual property, trade secrets, product liability, contracts, antitrust, employment, securities, import/export and unfair competition. These laws and regulations may differ in different jurisdictions and are subject to change. The cost of maintaining compliance under multiple and changing regulatory regimes, and expenditures that may be required to comply with new laws and regulations, may adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. In the event that the Company fails to comply with or violates applicable U.S. or foreign laws or regulations or customer policies, the Company could be subject to civil or criminal claims or proceedings that may result in monetary fines, penalties or other costs against the Company or its employees, which may adversely affect the Company s operating results, financial condition, customer relations and ability to conduct its business. ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 2 PROPERTIES The Company leases 3,947 square feet of corporate office space in Shelton, Connecticut. The current lease expires on March 31, 2033. All the Company s properties are owned or leased and are adequate to satisfy current requirements. All the Company s properties have the necessary flexibility to cover any long-term expansion requirements. Company facilities include the following: Big 3 Products in Centralia, Illinois owns 156,160 square feet of administrative and manufacturing space located in an industrial park. The single-story building is steel frame with steel siding and roof. Big 3 Products in Dearborn, Michigan leases 86,250 square feet of building space. The building is made from industrial block. Approximately 6,000 square feet of office space is used for design engineers. The current lease expires on February 4, 2025. Big 3 Products in Chesterfield, Michigan leases 45,000 square feet for a design and manufacturing facility. This building is industrial block and metal frame. The current lease expires on February 28, 2026. Big 3 Mold in Millville, New Jersey owns 54,450 square feet of building space. The building is industrial block. Big 3 Precision in Pleasant Hill, Missouri leases 1,000 square feet of office space. The building is metal frame. The current lease expires on April 2, 2023. Big 3 Precision in Kimball, Michigan leases 3,500 square feet of building space. The current lease expires on February 28, 2026, with an option to renew for an additional twelve months. Associated Tool, a wholly owned subsidiary in Farndon, UK leases 16,000 square feet of building space. The building is industrial block and metal frame. The current lease expires on December 17, 2026. Hallink Moulds, a wholly owned subsidiary in Cambridge, Ontario, leases 15,000 square feet of building space. The building is industrial block and metal frame. The current lease expires on January 31, 2024, with the option to renew for an additional twenty-four months. Eberhard Manufacturing in Strongsville, Ohio owns 9.6 acres of land and a building containing 157,580 square feet, located in an industrial park. The building is steel frame, is one-story and has curtain walls of brick, glass, and insulated steel panels. The building has two high bays, one of which houses two units of automated warehousing. Eberhard Manufacturing leases 8,551 square feet of office space in Arlington Heights, IL. The current lease expires on September 1, 2026. Eastern Industrial Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary in Shanghai, China, leases brick and concrete buildings containing approximately 47,500 square feet of space that are in both industrial and commercial areas. In 2022, Eastern Industrial, Ltd. entered a three-year lease, which expires on March 31, 2025, and is renewable. The World Lock Co. Ltd. Subsidiary leases 5,285 square feet of space in a building located in Taipei, Taiwan. The building is made from brick and concrete and is protected by a fire alarm and sprinklers. The current lease expires on October 31, 2023. The Dongguan Reeworld Security Products Ltd. Subsidiary leases 103,800 square feet of space in concrete buildings that are in an industrial park in Dongguan, China. The current lease expires on May 31, 2027, and is renewable. Velvac, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary in New Berlin, Wisconsin, leases a 98,000 square foot building. The building includes 17,000 square feet of office space and 81,000 square feet of warehousing and distribution operations. The current lease expires on May 31, 2024. 17 Table of Contents Velvac de Reynosa, S. De R.L De C.V., a maquiladora wholly owned in Reynosa, Tamaulipas, Mexico, leases 150,000 square feet of building space located in an industrial park identified as Lots 2, 3 and 4. The building is one level and is made from brick and concrete. The current lease expires on December 1, 2030. All owned properties are free and clear of any encumbrances. ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company is party to various legal proceedings from time to time related to its normal business operations. Currently, the Company is not involved in any material pending legal proceedings, and no such material proceedings are known to the Company to be contemplated by governmental authorities. In 2016, the Company created a plan to remediate a landfill of spent foundry sand maintained at the Company s previously owned metal casting facility in New York. This plan was agreed to by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (the NYSDEC on March 27, 2018. Based on estimates provided by the Company s environmental engineers, the anticipated cost to remediate and monitor the landfill was 430,000. The Company accrued for and expensed the entire 430,000 in the first quarter of 2018 and fiscal 2017. In the fall of 2018, detailed construction drawings were prepared by an outside consultant in conjunction with informal progress reviews by the NYSDEC. Long-term groundwater monitoring commenced in April 2019. Verbal approval for the closure plan was received from the NYSDEC in May 2019, and written approval was received in October 2020. Construction of the closure remedies, including improved drainage system, regrading, and installation of a low permeability cap was completed in October 2021. A closure report and long-term maintenance plan were submitted to the NYSDEC in November 2021. The 30-year annual groundwater monitoring and site maintenance program are underway and will continue through 2048. ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 18 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES The Company s common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol EML . The approximate number of record holders of the Company common stock on December 31, 2022 was 295. The Company expects to continue its policy of paying regular cash dividends, although there can be no assurance as to future dividends because they are dependent on future earnings, capital requirements and financial condition. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, there were no sales by the Company of its securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). On May 2, 2018, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized a new program to repurchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire the Company s common stock at any specific cost per share. Under this program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The Company made no share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2022, as set forth in the table below: Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (a) (b) (c) (d) October 2, 2022 to October 29, 2022 -- -- -- 60,284 October 30, 2022 to November 26, 2022 -- -- -- 60,284 November 27, 2022 to December 31, 2022 -- -- -- 60,284 Total -- -- -- 60,284 ITEM 6 RESERVED 19 Table of Contents ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The Company s fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to December 31. Fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were each 52 weeks in length. References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to results for 2022 or fiscal year 2022 mean the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and references to results for 2021 or fiscal year 2021 mean the fiscal year ended January 1, 2022. References to the fourth quarter of 2022 or the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022 mean the thirteen-week period from October 2, 2022 to December 31, 2022, and references to the fourth quarter of 2021 or the fourth fiscal quarter of 2021 mean the thirteen-week period from October 3, 2021 to January 1, 2022. The following analysis excludes discontinued operations. Summary Sales for 2022 were 279.3 million compared to 246.5 million for 2021. Net income for 2022 was 11.1 million, or 1.77 per diluted share, compared to 16.2 million, or 2.58 per diluted share, for 2021. Sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 were 69.1 million compared to 59.6 million for the same period in 2021. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 0.2 million, or 0.03 per diluted share compared to 3.9 million, or 0.62 per diluted share, for the comparable 2021 period. During 2022, the Company experienced rising material costs, supply chain disruption, labor shortages and abnormally high freight costs all having a negative impact on our gross margin. The Company s backlog was 72.5 million on December 31, 2022, compared to 82.8 million on January 1, 2022, primarily due to a decrease of 5.0 million in backlog for locks and hardware at Eberhard, a decrease of 7.1 million in backlog at Big 3 for mold services and returnable packaging, offset by an increase of 1.8 million in backlog related to the launch of new mirror programs for Class 8 trucks being awarded to our Velvac subsidiary. During 2022 the Company experienced price increases for many of the raw materials used in producing its products, including: scrap iron, stainless steel, hot and cold rolled steel, zinc, copper, aluminum, and nickel. These increases have negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact the Company s gross margin if raw material prices increase too rapidly for the Company to recover those cost increases through either price increases to our customers or cost reductions in other areas of the business. Impact of COVID-19, Current Political and Economic Conditions and Supply Chain Disruptions The COVID-19 pandemic has affected our business, including our supply chain, our operations, the labor force, costs and interest rates throughout 2021 and 2022. We continue to follow CDC guidelines, social distancing, and sanitizing work areas. During the past two years and continuing into 2023, the Company implemented a broad range of policies and procedures to ensure that employees at all our locations remain healthy. Steps that we have taken to reduce the risk of COVID-19 to our employees include, among others: protecting employee health by instructing employees to stay home if they exhibit symptoms of COVID-19. We maintain a clean work environment by frequently cleaning all touch points with products that meet EPA criteria for use against COVID-19; educating employees to clean their personal workspace at the beginning and the end of every shift; and providing hand sanitizer and disposable wipes. We encourage social distancing and continue to seek and implement additional methods to reduce the risk of COVID-19 to our employees. As a result of these measures, the COVID-19 pandemic had minimal impact on our North American capacity utilization at most of our production facilities. Many of the Company s employees have received COVID-19 vaccinations, and we will continue to encourage our workforce to get vaccinated. Current global economic conditions, resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors, are highly volatile. Many of the markets we serve are facing inflation and rising interest rates, which has led to and may continue to lead to contractions resulting in decreased demand for our products. Decreased demand has in turn negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our financial condition and operating results. Any further or prolonged market contractions or economic slowdowns could materially adversely affect our sales or operating margin, which would in turn reduce earnings. Volatile global economic conditions may also cause foreign exchange rate fluctuations, which could result in material increases or decreases in earnings and may adversely affect the value of the Company s assets outside the United States. Increased pricing in response to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may offset portions of the currency impacts but could also have a negative impact on demand for the Company s products, which would affect sales and profits. Exchange rate fluctuations could also increase pricing pressure and impair the ability of the Company s products to compete with products imported from regions with favorable exchange rates. 20 Table of Contents In the second quarter of 2022, we experienced interruptions of our operations and supply base in China as a result of a new variant of COVID-19 and the local response to minimize its spread. A more significant resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or development of additional severe or highly contagious variants could cause further disruptions in our business and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, supply shortages and supply chain disruptions originally triggered by shutdowns and other restrictions imposed to slow the spread and resurgence of COVID-19 have impacted and may continue to impact the prices and availability of certain of the raw materials and components used in the production of our products. The impact of economic contraction and supply chain disruptions has been exacerbated by the effects of tariffs, trade sanctions and global political instability. International trade policies, such as tariffs on imports from China and on aluminum imports, have increased our costs. Sanctions imposed as a result of the Ukraine conflict prohibit importation of a variety of products from Russia, which is a major global supplier of nickel, and have resulted in higher oil and other commodity prices that have increased shipping and transportation costs. Supply chain constraints and tariffs may result in cost increases that we are not able to offset with price increases, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Further, trade restrictions and supply chain constraints have affected our ability to meet customer demand. If such conditions persist and we are unable to acquire necessary raw materials or components in a timely manner or at all, we may be unable to meet production requirements and may need to cancel or decline orders, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation as well as our business and financial results. The extent to which our operations will be further affected by COVID-19 and its lasting economic impact, including supply chain disruptions, cost inflation and rising interest rates, in fiscal year 2023 is dependent on future developments including new COVID-19 variants and governmental restrictions, the duration of the Russia Ukraine conflict and related sanctions, actions taken by the Federal Reserve to stabilize the economy, and other factors outside our control. With the inherent uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic, volatile economic conditions and political instability, it is difficult to predict with any confidence the likely ultimate impact of these conditions on our future operations and the extent of actual and potential effects on our consolidated business, results of operations and financial condition. For further discussion of these risks, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors , of this Form 10-K. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. Areas of uncertainty that require judgments, estimates and assumptions include items such as the allowance for doubtful accounts; inventory accounting; the testing of goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment; and pensions and other postretirement benefits. Management uses historical experience and all available information to make its estimates and assumptions, but actual results will inevitably differ from the estimates and assumptions that are used to prepare the Company s financial statements at any given time. Despite these inherent limitations, management believes that Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the financial statements and related footnotes provide a meaningful and fair presentation of the Company s financial position and results of operations. Management believes that the application of these estimates and assumptions on a consistent basis enables the Company to provide the users of the financial statements with useful and reliable information about the Company s operating results and financial condition. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. The Company reviews the collectability of its receivables on an ongoing basis, considering a combination of factors that require judgment and estimates, including among others, our customers access to capital, customers willingness or ability to pay, customer payment patterns, general economic conditions and geopolitical trends, and our ongoing relationship with our customers. The Company reviews potential problems, such as past due accounts, a bankruptcy filing or deterioration in the customer s financial condition, to ensure that the Company has adequately accrued for potential loss. Accounts are considered past due based on when payment was originally due. If a customer s situation changes, such as a bankruptcy or a change in its creditworthiness, or there is a change in the current economic climate, the Company may modify its estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company will write off accounts receivable after reasonable collection efforts have been made and the accounts are deemed uncollectible. If our estimates and assumptions as to collectability were materially incorrect, or if any of our significant customers were to develop unexpected and immediate financial problems that would prevent payment of amounts due to us, and our allowance for doubtful accounts were inadequate, this could result in an unexpected loss in profitability. 21 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts total was 677,000 and 515,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, the Company s bad debt expense was 208,000 and 48,000 respectively. Inventory Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the last-in, first-out LIFO method at Eberhard while Big 3 Precision and Velvac are valued using a first-in, first-out FIFO method. Accordingly, a LIFO valuation reserve is calculated using the dollar value link chain method. We review the net realizable value of inventory in detail on an ongoing basis, considering deterioration, obsolescence, estimated future demand, current market conditions, and other factors. Based on these assessments, we provide for an inventory reserve in the period in which an impairment is identified. The reserve fluctuates with market conditions, design cycles, and other economic factors and could vary significantly, whether favorably or unfavorably, from actual results due to, among other things, unanticipated changes in economic conditions, customer demand, or the competitive landscape. The inventory reserve for excess or obsolete inventory reduced the Company s inventory valuation by 1,926,000 and 1,115,000 as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Intangible assets with finite useful lives are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the periods benefited. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized. The Company performs annual qualitative assessments on goodwill and other intangible assets as of the end of each fiscal year by comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount. Additionally, the Company performs an interim analysis if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Such events or circumstances could include, among other things, increased competition or unexpected loss of market share, significant adverse changes in the markets in which the Company operates, or unexpected business disruptions. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, the Company records an impairment loss based on the difference between fair value and carrying amount not to exceed the associated carrying amount of goodwill. Determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including (i) macroeconomic conditions, (ii) market and industry conditions, (iii) cost factors, (iv) overall financial performance, (v) other relevant entity-specific events, and (vi) events affecting a reporting unit. The values assigned to the key assumptions represent management s assessment of future trends in the relevant industry and have been based on historical data from both external and internal sources. The Company performed its annual qualitative assessment as of the end of each of fiscal 2022 and 2021 on the carrying value of goodwill and determined that it is more likely than not that no impairment of goodwill existed as of such dates. See Note 3 Accounting Policies Goodwill , in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K for more detail. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits The amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements related to pension and other postretirement benefits are determined from actuarial valuations. Inherent in these valuations are assumptions about such factors as expected return on plan assets, discount rates at which liabilities could be settled, rate of increase in future compensation levels, mortality rates, and trends in health insurance costs. These assumptions are reviewed annually and updated as required. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, actual results that differ from the assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect the expense recognized and obligations recorded in future periods. The discount rate used is based on a single equivalent discount rate derived with the assistance of our actuaries by matching expected future benefit payments in each year to the corresponding spot rates from the FTSE Pension Liability Yield Curve, comprised of high quality (rated AA or better) corporate bonds. The Company calculates its service and interest costs in future years by applying the specific spot rates along the selected yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows. The expected long-term rate of return on assets is also developed with input from the Company s actuarial firms. We consider the Company s historical experience with pension fund asset performance, the current and expected allocation of our plan assets and expected long-term rates of return. The long-term rate-of-return assumption used for determining net periodic pension expense was 7.5 for 2022 and 2021. The Company reviews the long-term rate of return each year. Future actual pension income and expense will depend on future investment performance, changes in future discount rates and various other factors related to the population of participants in the Company s pension plans. The Company expects to make cash contributions of approximately 800,000 and 50,000 to our pension plans and other postretirement plan, respectively, in 2023. 22 Table of Contents In connection with our pension and other postretirement benefits, the Company reported income of 3.3 million and 2.1 million (net of tax) on its Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The main factor driving this expense was the change in the discount rate during the applicable period. Assumptions used to determine net periodic pension benefit cost for the fiscal years indicated were as follows: 2022 2021 Discount rate 2.75 - 2.81 2.40 - 2.48 Expected return on plan assets 7.5 7.5 Rate of compensation increase 0.0 0.0 Assumptions used to determine net periodic other postretirement benefit cost are the same as those assumptions used for the pension benefit cost, except that the rate of compensation is not applicable for other postretirement benefit cost. The changes in assumptions had the following effect on the net periodic pension and other postretirement costs recorded in Other Comprehensive Income as follows: Year ended December 31, January 1, 2022 2022 Discount rate 26,970,888 5,412,964 Additional recognition due to significant event -- (71,547 Asset gain or (loss) (22,838,898 (781,059 Amortization of: Unrecognized gain or (loss) 1,552,085 1,717,776 Unrecognized prior service cost 70,493 99,380 Other (1,538,804 (3,105,208 Comprehensive income, before tax 4,215,764 3,272,306 Income tax (941,964 (1,208,497 Comprehensive income, net of tax 3,273,800 2,063,809 The Plan has been investing a portion of the assets in long-term bonds to better match the impact of changes in interest rates on its assets and liabilities and thus reduce some of the volatility in Other Comprehensive Income. Please refer to Note 10 Retirement Benefit Plans in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K for additional disclosures concerning the Company s pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 23 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Fourth Quarter 2022 Compared to Fourth Quarter 2021 The following table shows, for the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021, selected line items from the consolidated statements of income as a percentage of net sales for the Company s operations. The Company s continuing operations include (1) Big 3 Precision, including Big 3 Products and Big 3 Mold, Hallink Moulds, and Associated Toolmakers; (2) Eberhard Manufacturing, Eastern Industrial Ltd., World Lock Company Ltd., Dongguan Reeworld Security Products Ltd., and World Security Industries Ltd.; and (3) Velvac Holdings. Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Net Sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of Products Sold 83.4 79.8 Gross Margin 16.6 20.2 Product Development Expense 1.5 1.7 Selling and Administrative Expense 13.6 12.5 Restructuring Costs 1.0 -- Operating Profit 0.5 6.0 Net sales in the fourth quarter of 2022 increased 15.8 to 69.1 million from 59.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. Sales increases were due to higher demand for trucks accessories, distribution products and automotive returnable packaging and improved pricing. Sales volume of existing products increased 10.5 , prices and new products contributed 5.3 in sales growth in the fourth quarter of 2022 when compared to sales in the fourth quarter of 2021. New products included various truck, mirrors, latches, and accessories. Sales of new products contributed 1.4 to sales growth in the fourth quarter compared to 8 sales growth from new products in the fourth quarter of 2021. New products in the fourth quarter included various new truck mirrors and truck latches. Cost of products sold in the fourth quarter of 2022 increased 10.0 million or 21 from the corresponding period in 2021. The increase in cost of products sold is primarily attributable to increased sales volume, increases in the cost of materials, increases in freight costs due to expedite fees associated with supply chain constraints, and other inventory write-offs. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 was 16.6 compared to 20.2 in the prior year fourth quarter. The decrease reflects the combination of higher material and freight costs and other inventory write-offs. Product development expenses in the fourth quarter of 2022 of 1.1 million were flat when compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. As a percentage of net sales, product development costs were 1.5 and 1.7 for the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021 respectively as part of our investment in new products at Eberhard and Velvac. Selling and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter of 2022 increased 1.1 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. The increase was primarily the result of increased payroll and payroll related expenses, increased travel, and other selling expenses. Restructuring expenses of 0.7 million were recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to a warehouse consolidation into Eberhard. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2022 decreased 95 to 0.2 million, or 0.03 per diluted share, from 3.9 million, or 0.62 per diluted share, in 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2022, net income was negatively impacted by restructuring costs of 0.5 million, net of tax, related to a warehouse consolidation into Eberhard. 24 Table of Contents Fiscal Year 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year 2021 The following table shows, for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021, selected line items from the consolidated statements of income as a percentage of net sales for the Company s operations. The Company s continuing operations include (1) Big 3 Precision, including Big 3 Products, Big 3 Mold, Hallink Moulds and Associated Toolmakers Ltd.; (2) Eberhard Manufacturing Company, Eberhard Hardware, Eastern Industrial Ltd., Illinois Lock Company/CCL Security Products, World Lock Company Ltd., Dongguan Reeworld Security Products Ltd. and World Security Industries Ltd.; and (3) Velvac Holdings. Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Net Sales 100.0 100.0 Cost of Products Sold 79.0 77.0 Gross Margin 21.0 23.0 Product Development Expense 1.5 1.6 Selling and Administrative Expense 14.1 14.3 Restructuring Costs 0.3 -- Operating Profit 5.1 7.1 Summary Net sales for 2022 increased 13 to 279.3 million from 246.5 million in 2021. The sales increase was primarily due to higher demand for trucks accessories, distribution products and automotive returnable packaging. Sales volume of existing products increased by 7 in 2022 compared to 2021 while price increases and new products increased sales in 2022 by 6 . Sales of new products contributed 3 to sales growth in 2022 compared to 8 sales growth from new products in 2021. New products in 2022 included various new truck mirrors, truck compression latches, cable locks, and locking assemblies. Cost of products sold increased by 30.9 million or 16 to 220.6 million in 2022 from 189.8 million in 2021. The increase in cost of products sold is primarily attributable to increased sales volume, increases in the price of materials, increases in freight costs due to expedite fees associated with supply chain constraints, and other inventory write-offs. Tariffs incurred during 2022 were 3.1 million from China-sourced products as compared to 2.9 million in 2021. Most of the tariffs were recovered through price increases. Gross margin as a percentage of sales was 21 in 2022 compared to 23 in 2021. The decrease reflects the combination of higher material and freight costs and other inventory write-offs. Product development expenses as a percentage of sales was 1.5 and 1.6 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, as the Company continues on-going efforts to develop new products to better serve our customers. Restructuring expenses of 0.7 million were recognized in 2022 due to a warehouse consolidation into Eberhard. Selling and administrative expenses increased 4.3 million or 12 to 39.5 million in 2022 from 35.2 million in 2021. The increase relates to increased payroll and payroll related costs, increased travel, and other selling expenses. Net income for 2022 decreased 32 to 11.1 million, or 1.77 per diluted share, from 16.2 million, or 2.58 per diluted share, in 2021. In 2022, net income was negatively impacted by restructuring costs of 0.5 million, net of tax, related to a warehouse consolidation into Eberhard, and loss on sale of the Wheeling, IL building in the first quarter of 2022 of 0.2 million, net of tax, partially offset by a gain on sale of the Eastern corporate office building in the third quarter of 2022 of 0.5 million, net of tax. Net income for 2021 was positively impacted by a 1.4 million gain, net of tax, related to the sale of the Eberhard Hardware property in the first quarter, partially offset by factory relocation and start-up costs of 0.5 million, net of tax. 25 Table of Contents Other Items The following table shows the amount of change from the year ended January 1, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2022 in other items (dollars in thousands): Amount Interest expense 528 30 Other income -859 -26 Income taxes 464 15 Interest expense increased in 2022 from 2021 due to increased interest rates. Other income in 2022 decreased 0.9 million over 2021. Other income in 2022 included a favorable 1.8 million pension cost adjustment and a 0.6 million gain on the sale of the Eastern corporate office building. In 2021, other income included a favorable 1.5 million pension cost adjustment and a 1.8 million gain on the sale of the Eberhard Hardware property. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 23 compared to the 2021 effective tax rate of 7 . The effective tax rate for 2022 was increased compared to 2021 due to the impact of foreign subsidiaries on the effective tax rate in 2021 and a greater impact from research and development tax credits in 2021. Total income taxes paid were 3.7 million in 2022 and 2.3 million in 2021. Liquidity and Sources of Capital The primary source of the Company s cash is earnings from operating activities adjusted for cash generated from or used for net working capital. The most significant recurring non-cash items included in net income are depreciation and amortization expense. Changes in working capital fluctuate with the changes in operating activities. As sales increase, there generally is an increased need for working capital. The Company closely monitors inventory levels and attempts to match production to expected market demand, keeping tight control over the collection of receivables, and optimizing payment terms on its trade and other payables. The maintenance of appropriate inventory levels considering demand has been and may continue to be challenged by supply chain disruptions, which have led in some cases to a deficiency inventory that has required us to pay expedited freight fees on some of our products to timely fulfill customer orders. Coupled with increased materials costs, this has decreased our margins. If these disruptions persist and we are unable to maintain sufficient inventory on hand, we may need to cancel or decline orders, and we may be unable to offset increased material and freight costs fully by increasing prices on our products, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity. The Company is dependent on continued demand for its products and subsequent collection of accounts receivable from its customers. The Company serves a broad base of customers and industries with a variety of products. As a result, any fluctuations in demand or payment from a particular industry or customer should not have a material impact on the Company s sales and collection of receivables. Management expects that the Company s foreseeable cash needs for operations, capital expenditures, debt service and dividend payments will continue to be met by the Company s operating cash flows and available credit facility. The following table shows key financial ratios at the end of each fiscal year: 2022 2021 Current ratio 2.7 2.5 Average days sales in accounts receivable 56 64 Inventory turnover 3.4 3.0 Ratio of working capital to sales 26.1 27.2 Total debt to shareholders equity 50.7 62.2 26 Table of Contents The following table shows important liquidity measures as of the fiscal year-end balance sheet date for each of the preceding two years (in millions): 2022 2021 Cash and cash equivalents - Held in the United States 7.4 4.3 - Held by foreign subsidiaries 2.8 2.3 10.2 6.6 Working capital 78.3 74.1 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 7.4 (7.8 Change in working capital impact on net cash used in operating activities (5.2 (22.9 Net cash provided by (used in) in investing activities 5.1 13.6 Net cash used in by financing activities (11.8 (20.3 All cash held by foreign subsidiaries is readily convertible into other currencies, including the U.S. dollar. Net cash provided by operating activities was 7.4 million in 2022 compared to 7.8 million net cash used in operating activities in 2021. In 2022, the Company contributed 0.2 million to its defined benefit retirement plan. In 2022, cash used to support additional working capital requirements was 5.2 million, which was primarily due to management s focus on ensuring availability of inventory to meet customer demands during the current supply chain constraints. In 2021, cash used to support additional working capital requirements was 22.9 million. The Company provided 5.1 million and 13.6 million for investing activities in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, the company sold a business associated with its discontinued operations for 5.8 million and two of its buildings for 2.2 million. The Company also issued a note receivable of 0.4 million as part of the sale of one of its buildings. In 2021, the company sold businesses associated with its discontinued operations for 17.3 million and one of its buildings for 1.7 million, the Company also issued a note receivable of 2.5 million as part of the sale of the discontinued operations. The Company issued notes receivable of 0.4 million as part of the sale of property. These transactions are more fully discussed in Note 2 Discontinued Operations in Item 8, Financial Statements of this Form 10-K. The Company invested in capital expenditures of 3.4 million and 3.7 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Capital expenditures in fiscal year 2023 are expected to be approximately 6.9 million. In 2022, the Company made total debt payments of 17.5 million, of which 10.0 million was a repayment of the 10.0 million that had been drawn under the revolving credit facility during 2022 and used 2.8 million for payment of dividends. The Company has 20.0 million available on its revolving line of credit. See Note 6 - Debt in Item 8, Financial Statements for further discussion on the Company s debt facilities. In 2021, the Company made total debt payments of 17.3 million, of which 11.0 million was an accelerated principal payment, and used 2.8 million for payment of dividends. The Company did not draw down on its 20.0 million revolving credit facility in 2021. The Company leases certain equipment and buildings under cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates up to five years. Rent expense amounted to approximately 2.7 million in 2022 and 2.3 million in 2021. On August 30, 2019, the Company entered into the Credit Agreement with Santander Bank, N.A., for itself, M T Bank, National Association and TD Bank, N.A. as lenders (the Credit Agreement ), that included a 100.0 million term portion and a 20.0 million revolving commitment portion. Proceeds of the term loan were used to repay the Company s remaining outstanding term loan (and to terminate its existing credit facility) with M T Bank, N.A. (approximately 19.0 million) and to acquire Big 3 Precision. The term portion of the loan required quarterly principal payments of 1.25 million for an 18-month period beginning December 31, 2019. The repayment amount then increased to 1.875 million per quarter beginning September 30, 2021, and continues through June 30, 2023. The repayment amount then increases to 2.5 million per quarter beginning September 30, 2023, and continues through June 30, 2024. The term loan is a five-year loan with the remaining balance due on August 30, 2024. The revolving commitment portion has an annual commitment fee of 0.25 based on the unused portion of the revolver. The revolving commitment portion has a maturity date of August 30, 2024. The interest rates on the term and revolving credit portion of the Credit Agreement vary. The interest rates may vary based on the LIBOR rate plus a margin spread of 1.25 to 2.25 . The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on certain of the Company s and its subsidiaries assets pursuant to a Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2019, with Santander Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 27 Table of Contents The Company s loan covenants under the Credit Agreement require the Company to maintain a senior net leverage ratio not to exceed 4.25 to 1. In addition, the Company is required to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio to be not less than 1.25 to 1. On August 30, 2019, the Company entered into an interest rate swap contract with Santander Bank, N.A., with an original notional amount of 50.0 million, which was equal to 50 of the outstanding balance of the term loan on that date. The Company has a fixed interest rate of 1.44 on the swap contract and will pay the difference between the fixed rate and LIBOR when LIBOR is below 1.44 and will receive interest when LIBOR exceeds 1.44 . On December 31, 2022, the interest rate for half 24.0 million) of the term portion was 6.1 , using a one-month LIBOR rate, and 3.19 on the remaining balance 40.0 million) of the term loan based on a one-month LIBOR rate. The interest rates on the Credit Agreement and interest rate swap contract are susceptible to that the transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rates such as SOFR. Information regarding this transition is provided below. Central banks around the world, including the FRB, are working to implement the transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to replacement benchmarks including the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR in the United States. The ICE Benchmark Administration (the IBA ceased publication of all settings of non-US dollar LIBOR and the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021, with the publication of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings scheduled to be discontinued after June 30, 2023. The Adjustable Interest Rate Act (the LIBOR Act ), which was signed into law on March 15, 2022, provided a replacement framework for outstanding financial contracts tied to LIBOR once LIBOR ceases to be published. The LIBOR Act provides a statutory mechanism and safe harbor that applies on a nationwide basis to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate, selected by the Federal Reserve Board based on SOFR, for certain contracts that reference LIBOR and contain no or insufficient fallback provisions. The LIBOR Act preempts and supersedes any state or local law, statute, rule, regulation, or standard relating to the selection or use of a benchmark replacement or related changes and allows parties that already have effective fallback provisions to opt out of the legislation. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the LIBOR Act that, among other things, identifies the applicable SOFR-based benchmark replacements under the LIBOR Act for various contact types. The difference between LIBOR and SOFR is that LIBOR is a forward-looking rate which means the interest rate is set at the beginning of the period with payment due at the end. SOFR is a backward-looking overnight rate which has implications for how interest and other payments are based. The change from LIBOR to SOFR may adversely affect interest rates and result in higher borrowing costs. The effect of this change is still unknown and could materially and adversely affect the Company s results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 28 Table of Contents Non-GAAP Financial Measures The non-GAAP financial measures we provide in this report should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To supplement the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have presented Adjusted Net Income from Continuing Operations, Adjusted Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations and Adjusted EBITDA from Continuing Operations, which are considered non-GAAP financial measures. The non-GAAP financial measures presented may differ from similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures presented by other companies, and other companies may not define these non-GAAP financial measures in the same way. These measures are not substitutes for their comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, such as net sales, net income from continuing operations, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, or other measures prescribed by U.S. GAAP, and there are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures. Adjusted Net Income from Continuing Operations is defined as net income from continuing operations excluding, when incurred, gains or losses that we do not believe reflect our ongoing operations, including, for example, the impacts of impairment losses, gains/losses on the sale of subsidiaries, property and facilities, transaction expenses primarily relating to acquisitions and divestitures, factory start-up costs, factory relocation expenses and restructuring costs. Adjusted Net Income from Continuing Operations is a tool that can assist management and investors in comparing our performance on a consistent basis across periods by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operating performance. Adjusted Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations is defined as earnings per share from continuing operations excluding, when incurred, certain per share gains or losses that we do not believe reflect our ongoing operations, including, for example, the impacts of impairment losses, gains/losses on the sale of subsidiaries, property and facilities, transaction expenses primarily relating to acquisitions and divestitures, factory start-up costs, factory relocation expenses and restructuring costs. We believe that Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share from Continuing Operations provides important comparability of underlying operational results, allowing investors and management to access operating performance on a consistent basis from period to period. Adjusted EBITDA from Continuing Operations is defined as net income from continuing operations before interest expense, provision for income taxes, and depreciation and amortization and excluding, when incurred, the impacts of certain losses or gains that we do not believe reflect our ongoing operations, including, for example, impairment losses, gains/losses on sale of subsidiaries, property and facilities, transaction expenses primarily relating to acquisitions and divestitures, factory start-up costs, factory relocation expenses and restructuring expenses. Adjusted EBITDA from Continuing Operations is a tool that can assist management and investors in comparing our performance on a consistent basis by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations. Management uses such measures to evaluate performance period over period, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to assess our performance relative to our competitors, and to establish operational goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. These financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, U.S. GAAP financial measures. We believe that presenting non-GAAP financial measures in addition to U.S. GAAP financial measures provides investors greater transparency to the information used by our management for its financial and operational decision-making. We further believe that providing this information better enables our investors to understand our operating performance and to evaluate the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. 29 Table of Contents Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings per Share from Continuing Operations Calculation For the Three and Twelve Months ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 000 s) Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Net income from continuing operations as reported per generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) 167 3,913 11,050 16,182 Earnings per share from continuing operations as reported under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP): Basic 0.03 0.62 1.78 2.58 Diluted 0.03 0.62 1.77 2.58 Adjustments: Gain on sale of Eberhard Hardware Ltd building, net of tax (1,353) A Factory relocation, net of tax 105 B Factory start-up costs, net of tax 161 C 348 C Loss on sale of Wheeling, IL building, net of tax 202 D Gain on sale of Eastern corporate office building, net of tax (474 E Restructuring costs, net of tax 525 F 525 F Total adjustments 525 161 253 (900) Adjusted net income from continuing operations (Non-GAAP) 692 4,074 11,303 15,282 Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations (Non-GAAP): Basic 0.11 0.65 1.82 2.44 Diluted 0.11 0.65 1.81 2.44 A) Gain on sale of Eberhard Hardware Ltd property B) Costs incurred on relocation of ILC facility in Wheeling, IL C) Costs incurred on start-up of Eberhard factory in Reynosa, MX D) Loss on sale of ILC building in Wheeling, IL E) Gain on sale of Eastern corporate office building F) Restructuring costs associated with warehouse consolidation into Eberhard 30 Table of Contents Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted EBITDA from Continuing Operations Calculation For the Three and Twelve Months ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 000 s) Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Net income from continuing operations as reported per generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) 167 3,913 11,050 16,182 Interest expense 692 359 2,276 1,748 Provision for income taxes (146 (802 3,352 2,771 Depreciation and amortization 1,846 2,052 7,235 7,241 Gain on sale of Eberhard Hardware Ltd building (1,841) A Factory relocation 139 B Factory start-up costs 215 C 465 C Loss on sale of Wheeling, IL building 269 D Gain on sale of Eastern corporate office building (624 E Restructuring costs 700 F 700 F Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations (Non-GAAP) 3,259 5,737 24,258 26,708 A) Gain on sale of Eberhard Hardware Ltd property B) Costs incurred on relocation of ILC facility in Wheeling, IL C) Costs incurred on start-up of Eberhard factory in Reynosa, MX D) Loss on sale of ILC building in Wheeling, IL E) Gain on sale of Eastern corporate office building F) Restructuring costs associated with warehouse consolidation into Eberhard ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a result of the Company s status as a smaller reporting company pursuant to Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to provide information under this Item 7A. 31 Table of Contents ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Eastern Company Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, January 1, 2022 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowances: 2022- ; 2021- Inventories: Raw materials and component parts Work in process Finished goods Current portion of note receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Current assets held for sale Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment Land Buildings Machinery and equipment Accumulated depreciation Property, Plant and Equipment, net Other Assets Goodwill Trademarks Patents, technology and other intangibles net of accumulated amortization Long term note receivable, less current portion Deferred income taxes Right of Use Assets Total Other Assets TOTAL ASSETS See accompanying notes. 32 Table of Contents December 31, January 1, 2022 2022 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation Other accrued expenses Current portion of lease liability Current portion of long-term debt Current liabilities held for sale Total Current Liabilities Deferred income taxes - Other long-term liabilities Lease liability Long-term debt, less current portion Accrued postretirement benefits Accrued pension cost Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity Voting Preferred Stock, no par value: Authorized and unissued: shares Nonvoting Preferred Stock, no par value: Authorized and unissued: shares Common Stock, no par value, Authorized: shares Issued: shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 Outstanding: shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 Treasury Stock: shares in 2022 and shares in 2021 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation Unrealized (loss) gain on interest rate swap, net of tax Unrecognized net pension and postretirement benefit costs, net of tax Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Shareholders Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY See accompanying notes. 33 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Consolidated Statements of Income Year Ended December 31, January 1, 2022 2022 Net sales Cost of products sold Gross margin Product development expense Selling and administrative expenses Restructuring costs Operating profit Interest expense Other income Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income taxes Net income from continuing operations Discontinued Operations (see note 2) Gain from operations of discontinued units Gain (loss) on sale of businesses Income tax (expense) benefit Net gain (loss) on discontinued operations Net Income Earnings per share from continuing operations: Basic Diluted Gain (loss) per share from discontinued operations: Basic Diluted Total earnings per share: Basic Diluted Cash dividends per share: See accompanying notes. 34 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Year Ended December 31, January 1, 2022 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income: Change in foreign currency translation Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of tax cost of: 531,425 in 2022 and 327,118 in 2021 Change in pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of taxes of: 941,964 in 2022 and 1,208,497 in 2021 Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive income See accompanying notes. 35 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Accumulated Other Common Common Treasury Treasury Retained Comprehensive Shareholders' Shares Stock Shares Stock Earnings Income (Loss) Equity Balances at January 2, 2021 Net income Cash dividends declared, 0.44 per share Currency translation adjustment Change in fair value of interest rate swap Change in pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of tax Stock Options Exercised Treasury Stock Purchase Issuance of SARS Issuance of Common Stock for directors' fees Balances at January 1, 2022 Net income Cash dividends declared, 0.44 per share Currency translation adjustment Change in fair value of interest rate swap Change in pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of tax Stock Options Exercised Treasury Stock Purchase Issuance of SARS Issuance of Common Stock for directors' fees Balances at December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes. 36 Table of Contents THE EASTERN COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, 2022 January 1, 2022 Operating Activities Net income Less: Gain (loss) from discontinued operations Income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Unrecognized pension and postretirement benefits Gain on sale of equipment and other assets Provision for doubtful accounts Stock compensation expense Deferred taxes Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Other assets Accounts payable Accrued compensation Other accrued expenses Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing Activities Marketable securities Business disposition Issuance of notes receivable Payments received from notes receivable Proceeds from sale of businesses Proceeds from sale of building and equipment Purchases of property, plant and equipment Net cash provided by investing activities Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and notes payable Proceeds from short term borrowings (revolver) Principal payments on long-term debt Financing leases, net Purchase common stock for treasury Dividends paid Net cash used in financing activities Discontinued Operations Cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash used in investing activities Cash provided by discontinued operations Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities Right of use asset Lease liability includes cash from assets held for sale of 0.4 million as of January 1, 2022 See accompanying notes 37 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 38 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 39 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Cost of products sold Gross margin Selling and administrative expenses Restructuring benefit (costs) Operating income (loss) Interest expense Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit Gain (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax The following table represents the assets and liabilities from discontinued operations: 40 Table of Contents Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses Property, plant and equipment, net Right of use assets Total assets of discontinued operations Current assets of discontinued operations Non-current assets of discontinued operations Total assets of discontinued operations Accounts payable Accrued compensation and other accrued expenses Current portion of lease liability Total liabilities of discontinued operations Current liabilities of discontinued operations Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations Total liabilities of discontinued operations 41 Table of Contents Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Reclassification Use of Estimates Foreign Currency Cash Equivalents , but the Company does not consider this a significant concentration of credit risk based on the strength of the financial institution. Approximately of available cash is located outside of the United States in our foreign subsidiaries. Accounts Receivable and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, the Company s bad debt expense was and respectively. Inventories million on December 31, 2022) and by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method for inventories at Big 3 Precision, Velvac and outside the U.S. million on December 31, 2022). 42 Table of Contents Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) million on December 31, 2022 and million on January 1, 2022. There was no material LIFO quantity liquidation in 2022 or 2021. In addition, as of the balance sheet dates, the Company has recorded reserves for excess/obsolete inventory. Property, Plant and Equipment and Related Depreciation in 2022, in 2021) is computed using the straight-line method based on the following estimated useful lives of the assets: Buildings - to years; Machinery and equipment - to years. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Goodwill 43 Table of Contents Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) to years. Non-compete agreements and customer relationships are amortized using the straight-line method over their useful lives. Trademarks are deemed to have indefinite lives. If facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the intangible assets, including definite life intangible assets, may be impaired, an evaluation is performed to determine if a write-down is required. No impairment losses were recognized for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Leases 44 Table of Contents Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) million as of December 31, 2022. The finance lease arrangements are immaterial. The basis, terms and conditions of the leases are determined by the individual agreements. The leases do not contain residual value guarantees, restrictions, or covenants that could cause the Company to incur additional financial obligations. We rent or sublease one real estate property to two unrelated third parties. There are no related party transactions. There are no leases that have not yet commenced that could create significant rights and obligations for the Company. The weighted average remaining lease term is years. The weighted average discount rate used was . Revenue Recognition for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended January 1, 2022. Based on historical experience, product returns have been immaterial, and the Company does not accrue a reserve for product returns. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company recorded sales returns of and , respectively, as a reduction to revenue. Sales and similar taxes that are imposed on the Company s sales and collected from the customer are excluded from revenues. Costs for shipping and handling activities, including those activities that occur after transfer of control to the customer, are recorded as cost of sales and are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the Company recorded no revenues related to performance obligations satisfied in prior periods. The Company has elected to use the practical expedient to exclude disclosure of transaction prices allocated to remaining performance obligations, and when the Company expects to recognize such revenue, for all periods prior to the date of initial application of the standard. See Note 12 Geographic Information regarding the Company s revenue disaggregated by geography. Cost of Goods Sold Shipping and Handling Costs 45 Table of Contents Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) in 2022 and in 2021 and include costs to develop new or enhance existing products to better serve our customers. Selling and Administrative Expenses Advertising Costs in 2022 and in 2021. Stock - Based Compensation Income Taxes 46 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Disposition Foreign Exchange Ending Balance 2021 Beginning Balance Foreign Exchange Ending Balance 47 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) and , respectively. Total amortization expense for each of the next five years is estimated to be as follows: 2023 - million; 2024 - million; 2025 - million; 2026 - million and 2027 - million. Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Total Gross Intangibles Accumulated Amortization Patents and developed technology Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Accumulated Amortization Net 2022 per Balance Sheet 2021 Gross Amount Patents and developed technology Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Total Gross Intangibles Accumulated Amortization Patents and developed technology Customer relationships Non-compete agreements Accumulated Amortization Net 2021 per Balance Sheet 48 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) million term portion and a million revolving commitment portion. Proceeds of the term loan were used to repay the Company s remaining outstanding term loan (and to terminate its existing credit facility) with M T Bank, N.A. (approximately million) and to acquire Big 3 Precision. The term portion of the loan required quarterly principal payments of for an 18-month period beginning December 31, 2019. The repayment amount then increased to per quarter beginning September 30, 2021, and continues through June 30, 2023. The repayment amount then increases to per quarter beginning September 30, 2023, and continues through June 30, 2024. The term loan is a -year loan with the remaining balance due on August 30, 2024. The revolving commitment portion has an annual commitment fee of based on the unused portion of the revolver. The revolving commitment portion has a maturity date of August 30, 2024. The Company borrowed on the revolving credit facility and subsequently paid it back during 2022 and did not borrow any funds on the revolving commitment portion of the facility during 2021. The interest rates on the term and revolving credit portion of the Credit Agreement vary. The interest rates may vary based on the LIBOR rate plus a margin spread of to . The Company s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a lien on certain of the Company s and its U.S. subsidiaries assets pursuant to a Pledge and Security Agreement, dated August 30, 2019 with Santander Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Company s loan covenants under the Credit Agreement require . On August 30, 2019, the Company entered into an interest rate swap contract with Santander Bank, N.A., with an original notional amount of , on the swap contract and will pay the difference between the fixed rate and LIBOR when LIBOR is below 1.44 and will receive interest when the LIBOR rate exceeds . On December 31, 2022, the interest rate for half 24.0 million) of the term portion was 6.1 , using a one-month LIBOR rate, and 3.19 on the remaining balance 40.0 million) of . The interest rates on the Credit Agreement and the interest rate swap contract are susceptible to that the transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rates such as SOFR. Information regarding this transition is provided below. The ICE Benchmark Administration (the IBA ceased publication of all settings of non-US dollar LIBOR and the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021, with the publication of the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings scheduled to be discontinued after June 30, 2023. The Adjustable Interest Rate Act (the LIBOR Act ), which was signed into law on March 15, 2022, provided a replacement framework for outstanding financial contracts tied to LIBOR once LIBOR ceases to be published. The LIBOR Act provides a statutory mechanism and safe harbor that applies on a nationwide basis to replace LIBOR with a benchmark rate, selected by the Federal Reserve Board based on SOFR, for certain contracts that reference LIBOR and contain no or insufficient fallback provisions. The LIBOR Act preempts and supersedes any state or local law, statute, rule, regulation, or standard relating to the selection or use of a benchmark replacement or related changes and allows parties that already have effective fallback provisions to opt out of the legislation. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the LIBOR Act that, among other things, identifies the applicable SOFR-based benchmark replacements under the LIBOR Act for various contact types. The difference between LIBOR and SOFR is that LIBOR is a forward-looking rate which means the interest rate is set at the beginning of the period with payment due at the end. SOFR is a backward-looking overnight rate, which has implications for how interest and other payments are based. 49 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 6. D ebt (continued) Revolving credit loan Less current portion Amounts are net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs of as of December 31, 2022 and as of January 1, 2022. The Company paid interest of in 2022 and in 2021. The Company s loan covenants under the Credit Agreement require . The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has restrictions on, among other things, new capital leases, purchases or redemptions of its capital stock, mergers and divestitures, and new borrowing. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, scheduled annual principal maturities of long-term debt for each of the next five years follow: 2024 Thereafter 50 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 7. Stock options and awards (continued) for awards granted to employees during fiscal year 2022 and for awards granted to employees during fiscal year 2021. For the 2022 fiscal year, the Company used several assumptions which included an expected term of years, volatility deviation of to and a risk-free rate of to . For the 2021 fiscal year, the Company used several assumptions which included an expected term of years, volatility deviation of to and a risk-free rate of to . As of December 31, 2022, there were 808,101 shares of common stock reserved and available for future grant under 2020 Plan. The following tables set forth the outstanding SARs for the period specified: Issued - - Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at end of period - The following tables set forth the outstanding stock grants for the period specified: Issued Forfeited Outstanding at end of period As of December 31, 2022, outstanding SARs and awards had an intrinsic value of . 51 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Right of Use Asset Intangible assets Other Foreign Withholding Tax Total deferred income tax liabilities Other postretirement benefits Inventories Allowance for doubtful accounts Accrued compensation Lease Obligation Pensions Foreign Tax Credit Capital Loss Carry forward Total deferred income tax assets Net deferred income tax (assets) liabilities Income before income taxes consists of: Foreign 52 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 8. Income Taxes (continued) Foreign State Deferred: Federal Foreign State A reconciliation of income taxes computed using the U.S. federal statutory rate to that reflected in operations follows: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Impact on Foreign Repatriation Tax Reform Impact of foreign subsidiaries on effective tax rate Impact of Research Development tax credit Uncertain tax positions reserve Other net A reconciliation of income taxes computed using the U.S. federal statutory rate to that reflected in operations follows for continuing operations: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Impact on Foreign Repatriation Tax Reform Impact of foreign subsidiaries on effective tax rate Impact of Research Development tax credit Uncertain tax positions reserve Other net 53 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 8. Income Taxes (continued) State income taxes, net of federal benefit Total income taxes paid were in 2022 and in 2021. Under accounting standards (ASC 740), a deferred tax liability is not recorded for the excess of the financial reporting (book) basis over the tax basis of an investment in a foreign subsidiary if the indefinite reinvestment criteria are met. Effective for foreign earnings after December 30, 2017, if such earnings are distributed in the form of cash dividends, the Company would not be subject to additional U.S. income taxes but could be subject to foreign income and withholding taxes. A provision has not been made for additional U.S. federal and foreign taxes on December 31, 2022 on approximately of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because the Company intends to reinvest these funds indefinitely. It is not practicable to estimate the unrecognized deferred tax liability for withholding taxes on these undistributed earnings. In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The list of changes is comprehensive. The changes include removing exceptions to incremental intraperiod tax allocation of losses and gains from different financial statement components, exceptions to the method of recognizing income taxes on interim period losses and exceptions to deferred tax liability recognition related to foreign subsidiary investments. In addition, ASU 2019-12 requires that entities recognize franchise tax based on an incremental method, requires an entity to evaluate the accounting for step-ups in the tax basis of goodwill as inside or outside of a business combination, and removes the requirement to allocate the current and deferred tax provision among entities in standalone financial statement reporting. The ASU also now requires that an entity reflect enacted changes in tax laws in the annual effective rate, and other Codification adjustments have been made to employee stock ownership plans. For public business entities, the amendments in ASU 2019-12 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 in the first interim period of 2021. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits are as follows: Increase for positions taken during the current period Increase (decrease) for positions taken during the prior period Decrease resulting from the expiration of the statute of limitations Balance at end of year The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various states and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018 and non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities prior to 2016. 54 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 8. Income Taxes (continued) of unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the annual effective tax rate. In 2022, the Company recognized accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company had approximately of accrued interest as of December 31, 2022. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could increase or decrease within the next twelve months for several reasons, including the closure of federal, state, and foreign tax years by expiration of the statute of limitations and the recognition and measurement considerations under ASC 740. The Company believes that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will not increase or decrease significantly over the next twelve months. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Rent expense for all operating leases was in 2022 and in 2021. The weighted average lease term for all operating leases is years. The weighted average discount rate for all operating leases is . Interest cost Expected return on plan assets Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of the net loss Net periodic benefit cost 55 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 10. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued) - - - Supplemental pension plans Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Components of the net periodic benefit cost of the Company s other postretirement benefit plan were as follows: Interest cost Expected return on plan assets Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of the net loss Net periodic benefit cost Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the Company s other postretirement plan for the fiscal year indicated were as follows: Expected return on plan assets As of December 31, 2022, and January 1, 2022, the status of the Company s pension benefit plans and other postretirement benefit plan was as follows: 56 Table of Contents Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 10. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued) Change in discount rate Service cost Interest cost Plan Amendment Actuarial (gain)/loss Significant Event Benefits paid Benefit obligation at end of year Actual return on plan assets Employer contributions Significant Event Benefits paid Fair value of plan assets at end of year 58,527,250 80,814,956 484,904 439,993 Prior service (cost) credit 57 Table of Contents Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 10. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued) Change due to availability of final actual assets and census data Charged to net periodic benefit cost Prior service cost Net loss (gain) Liability (gains)/losses Discount rate Asset (gains)/losses deferred Plan Amendments Significant Event Other Balance at end of period Assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligations for the Company s pension benefit plans and other postretirement benefit plan for the fiscal year indicated were as follows: - - - Supplemental pension plans - Other postretirement plan On December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, the accumulated benefit obligation for all qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans was and , respectively. During 2022, the pension benefit obligation decreased between 24.1 to due to the increase in the discount rates from - to - . Information for the under-funded pension plans with a projected benefit obligation and an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets: Projected benefit obligation Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets Net amount recognized in accrued benefit liability Estimated future benefit payments to participants of the Company s pension plans are million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and a total of million from 2028 through 2032. Estimated future benefit payments to participants of the Company s other postretirement plan are in 2023, in 2024, in 2025, in 2026, in 2027 and a total of from 2028 through 2032. 58 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 10. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued) and to its other postretirement plan of approximately in 2023. We consider a number of factors in determining and selecting assumptions for the overall expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. We consider the historical long-term return experience of our assets, the current and expected allocation of our plan assets, and expected long-term rates of return. We derive these expected long-term rates of return with the assistance of our investment advisors and generally base these rates on a 10-year horizon for various asset classes and consider the expected positive impact of active investment management. We base our expected allocation of plan assets on a diversified portfolio consisting of domestic and international equity securities and fixed income securities. We consider a variety of factors in determining and selecting our assumptions for the discount rate at the end of the year. In 2022, as in 2021, we developed each plan s discount rate with the assistance of our actuaries by matching expected future benefit payments in each year to the corresponding spot rates from the FTSE Pension Liability Yield Curve, comprised of high quality (rated AA or better) corporate bonds. The fair values of the Company s pension plans assets on December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, utilizing the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 4 Accounting Policies Fair Value of Financial Instruments , follow: Equities: The Eastern Company Common Stock Common/collective trust funds Russell Multi Asset Core Plus Fund (a) Fixed Income: Common/collective trust funds Target Duration LDI Fixed Income Funds (b) Russell 25 Year LDI Fixed Income Fund Russell 14 Year LDI Fixed Income Fund STRIPS Fixed Income Funds (c) Russell 15 to 20 Year STRIPS Fixed Income Fund Russell 10 to 15 Year STRIPS Fixed Income Fund Total 59 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 10. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued) Equities: The Eastern Company Common Stock Common/collective trust funds Russell Multi Asset Core Plus Fund (a) Fixed Income: Common/collective trust funds Target Duration LDI Fixed Income Funds (b) Russell 25 Year LDI Fixed Income Fund Russell 14 Year LDI Fixed Income Fund - STRIPS Fixed Income Funds (c) Russell 15 to 20 Year STRIPS Fixed Income Fund Russell 10 to 15 Year STRIPS Fixed Income Fund Total Equity common funds primarily hold publicly traded common stock of both U.S and international companies selected for purposes of total return and to maintain equity exposure consistent with policy allocations. The Level 1 investment is made up of shares of The Eastern Company Common Stock and is valued at market price. Level 2 investments include commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment managers, which are based on the fair value of the underlying publicly traded securities. 60 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 10. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued) and on December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, respectively. No shares were purchased in 2022 or 2021 nor were any shares sold in either period. Dividends received during 2022 and 2021 on the common stock of the Company were and respectively. U.S. salaried and non-union hourly employees and most employees of the Company s Canadian subsidiaries are covered by defined contribution plans. The Company has a contributory savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code covering substantially all U.S. non-union employees. This plan allows participants to make voluntary contributions of up to 100 of their annual compensation on a pretax basis, subject to IRS limitations. The plan provides for contributions by the Company at its discretion. 61 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 10. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued) . The Company made contributions to the plan as follows: Transitional credit contributions Non-discretionary contributions Total contributions made for the period As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued for the non-discretionary safe harbor contribution. This amount was expensed in 2022 and was contributed to the plan in January 2023. As of January 1, 2022, the Company had accrued for the non-discretionary safe harbor contribution. This amount was contributed to the Plan in January 2022 and was expensed in 2021. Diluted: Weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive stock awards Denominator for diluted earnings per share There were no anti-dilutive stock equivalents in 2022 or 2021. 62 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) Foreign Foreign sales are primarily to customers in North America. Identifiable Assets: United States Foreign 63 Table of Contents The Eastern Company Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) . The Company accrued for and expensed the entire in the first quarter of 2018 and fiscal 2017. In the fall of 2018, detailed construction drawings were prepared by an outside consultant in conjunction with informal progress reviews by the NYSDEC. Long-term groundwater monitoring commenced in April 2019. Verbal approval for the closure plan was received from the NYSDEC in May 2019, and written approval was received in October 2020. Construction of the closure remedies, including improved drainage system, regrading, and installation of a low permeability cap was completed in October 2021. A closure report and long-term maintenance plan were submitted to the NYSDEC in November 2021. The 30-year annual groundwater monitoring and site maintenance program are underway and will continue through 2048. of total accounts receivable for 2022 and of total accounts receivable in 2021. The maximum exposure to credit risk is primarily represented by the carrying amount of the Company s accounts receivable. Interest Rate Risk The Company s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company s debt, which bears interest at variable rates based on the LIBOR rate plus a margin spread of to . The Company has an interest rate swap with a notional amount of on December 31, 2022, to convert a portion of borrowings under the Credit Agreement from variable to fixed rates. The valuation of this swap is determined using the one-month LIBOR rate index and mitigates the Company s exposure to interest rate risk. Additionally, interest rates on the Company s debt are susceptible of the transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rates, such as SOFR. This transition is discussed in greater detail under Note 6 - Debt . Currency Exchange Rate Risk The Company s currency exposure is concentrated in the Canadian dollar, Mexican peso, New Taiwan dollar, Chinese RMB, Hong Kong dollar and United Kingdom pound sterling. Because of the Company s limited exposure to any single foreign market, any exchange gains or losses have not been material and are not expected to be material in the future. As a result, the Company does not attempt to mitigate its foreign currency exposure through the acquisition of any speculative or leveraged financial instruments. 64 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Eastern Company Naugatuck, Connecticut Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Eastern Company (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule appearing under Item 15(a)(2) on Form 10-K, (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 14, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit Committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Impairment Assessment of Goodwill Description of the Critical Audit Matter and the Relevant Accounts and Disclosures As described in Notes 3 and 4 to the financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance is 70.8 million as of December 31, 2022. Management tests reporting units for impairment annually in December, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. As disclosed by management, reporting units are tested for impairment by utilizing qualitative factors that include a) macroeconomic conditions, b) market and industry conditions, c) cost factors, d) overall financial performance, e) other relevant entity-specific events, and f) events affecting a reporting unit. Principal Considerations for the Designation of the Critical Audit Matter The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessments is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgments and assumptions used by management when developing the qualitative factors that are part of the impairment assessment; and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant judgments and assumptions related to the qualitative factors. 65 Table of Contents How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessments, including controls over the valuation of the Company s reporting units. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management s process for developing the qualitative factors; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the qualitative factors; and (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the qualitative factors by corroborating and recalculating the relevant metrics. Evaluating management s significant judgments and assumptions related to qualitative factors involved evaluating whether those significant judgments and assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting units; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. /s/Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. Glastonbury, Connecticut March 14, 2023 66 Table of Contents ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Management s Responsibility for Financial Statements Management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of all information presented in this Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and include amounts based on management s best estimates and judgments. Management believes the consolidated financial statements fairly reflect the form and substance of transactions and that the financial statements fairly represent the Company s financial position and results of operations. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, meets regularly with the independent registered public accountants, Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP, the internal auditors and representatives of management to review accounting, financial reporting, internal control and audit matters, as well as the nature and extent of the audit effort. The Audit Committee is responsible for the engagement of the independent registered public accountants. The independent registered public accountants and internal auditors have access to the Audit Committee. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 240.13a-15. As defined in Exchange Act Rules 240.13a-15(e) and 240.15d-15(e), the term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the December 31, 2022 evaluation date. The Company believes that a controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and the CEO and CFO have concluded that these controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 240.13a-15(f) and 240.15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under this framework, our management concluded that our control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The Company s registered public accounting firm, Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The attestation report is set forth below in this Item 9A. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the fourth quarter of 2022, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 67 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Eastern Company Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited The Eastern Company s (the Company s) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows of the Company, and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting under Item 9A on Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP Glastonbury, Connecticut March 14, 2023 68 Table of Contents ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 69 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information concerning directors is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Item No. 1 Election of Directors in the Company s definitive proxy statement (the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. The information concerning the Company s executive officers is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption Executive Officer Biographies in the Proxy Statement. The information concerning the Company s Audit Committee is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Audit Committee Financial Expert and The Board of Directors and Committees in the Proxy Statement. The Audit Committee Charter is also available on the Company s website at http://www.easterncompany.com by clicking on Corporate Governance in the About Us menu. The information concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports if any, in the Proxy Statement. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and the Company s other financial professionals. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on the Company s website at https://www.easterncompany.com/ by clicking on Corporate Governance in the About Us menu. We intend to disclose any amendment or waiver to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or person performing similar functions, on our website within four business days after such amendment or waiver. ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Information concerning director and executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Director Compensation in Fiscal 2022, Executive Compensation, Stock Based Awards, Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End, and Termination of Employment and Change in Control Arrangements in the Proxy Statement. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors operates under the Compensation Committee Charter, which can be found on the Company s website at https://www.easterncompany.com/ by clicking on Corporate Governance in the About Us menu. 70 Table of Contents ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans The following table sets forth information regarding securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022, consisting of the Company s 2020 Executive Stock Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding awards, warrants and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding awards, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 43,300 23.56 808,101 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders - - - Total 43,300 23.56 808,101 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management: (a) Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement. (b) Information concerning security ownership of management is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Proxy Statement. (c) Changes in Control None. 71 Table of Contents ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Information regarding transactions with related persons is incorporated herein by reference to information under the caption Policies and Procedures Concerning Related Persons Transactions in the Proxy Statement. Information regarding director independence is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Item No.1 Election of Directors and The Board of Directors and Committees in the Proxy Statement. ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES Information concerning principal accountant fees and services is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption Item No. 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement. 72 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITSAND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE (a) Documents filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial statements Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 32. Consolidated Statements of Income Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 34. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 35. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 36. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022 37. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 38. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 65. (2) Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II Valuation and qualifying accounts begins on page [77] of this Form 10-K. Schedules other than that listed above have been omitted because the required information is contained in the financial statements and notes thereto, or because such schedules are not required or applicable. 73 Table of Contents Exhibit Index Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (conformed copy) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2020 (SEC File No. 001-35383) filed on May 6, 2020). 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, as Amended through March 11, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(ii) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383) filed on March 11, 2022). 4 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 28, 2020 (SEC File No. 001-35383) filed on May 6, 2020). 10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2018, between the Company and August M. Vlak (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed January 22, 2018). 10.2 Change in Control Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2021, between the Company and James P. Woidke (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed March 12, 2021). 10.3 Termination Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2022, between the Company and James P. Woidke (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed January 19, 2022). 10.4 Offer Letter, dated March 16, 2022, between the Company and Peter O Hara (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 2, 2022 (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed May 9, 2022). 10.5 Termination Agreement, dated as of March 16, 2022, between the Company and Peter O Hara (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed March 17, 2022). 10.6 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, between the Company and Mark Anthony Hernandez (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed January 13, 2023). 10.7 Offer Letter, dated February 1, 2023, between the Company and Nicholas Vlahos (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed February 6, 2023). 10.8 Severance Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2023, between the Company and Nicholas Vlahos (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed February 6, 2023). 10.9 The Company s Directors Fee Program, effective as of October 1, 1996 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, as amended (SEC File No. 333-21351) filed on February 7, 1997). 10.10 The Company s 2010 Executive Stock Incentive Plan, effective July 20, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4a to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (SEC File No. 333-169169), filed on September 2, 2010). 10.11 The Company s 2020 Executive Stock Incentive Plan, effective February 19, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (SEC File No. 333-238565), filed on May 21, 2020). 74 Table of Contents 10.12 Credit Agreement dated as of August 30, 2019 among the Company, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Santander Bank, N.A., as the administrative agent, an LC Issuer (as therein defined), and as the Swing Line Lender (as therein defined) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed on September 3, 2019). 10.13 Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2019 among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries (as grantors), and Santander Bank, N.A., as administrative agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined therein) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (SEC File No. 001-35383), filed on September 3, 2019). 21 Subsidiaries of the Company (filed herewith). 23 Consent of Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP (filed herewith). 31 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 32 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 99 Letter to our shareholders from the Annual Report 2022 (filed herewith). 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and January 1, 2022; and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (filed herewith). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 75 Table of Contents ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 76 Table of Contents The Eastern Company and Subsidiaries Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying accounts COL. C COL. A COL. B ADDITIONS COL. D COL. E Description Balance at Beginning of Period (1) Charged to Costs and Expenses (2) Charged to Other Accounts-Describe Deductions Describe Balance at End of Period Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: Deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for doubtful accounts 515,000 629,000 0 (b) -467,000 (a) 677,000 Fiscal year ended January 1, 2022: Deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for doubtful accounts 545,000 43,000 -72,000 (b) 0 (a) 515,000 (a) Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries. (b) Disposed companies ending balances. 77 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: March 14, 2023 THE EASTERN COMPANY By /s/ Nicholas Vlahos Nicholas Vlahos Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Mark A. Hernandez March 14, 2023 Mark A. Hernandez President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Nicholas Vlahos March 14, 2023 Nicholas Vlahos Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ James A. Mitarotonda March 14, 2023 James A. Mitarotonda Chairman of the Board /s/ Fredrick D. DiSanto March 14, 2023 Fredrick D. DiSanto Director /s/ John W. Everets March 14, 2023 John W. Everets Director /s/ Charles W. Henry March 14, 2023 Charles W. Henry Director /s/ Peggy B. Scott March 14, 2023 Peggy B. Scott Director /s/ Michael J. Mardy March 14, 2023 Michael J. Mardy Director 

<EX-21>
 2
 eml_ex21.htm
 LIST OF DIVISIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
 eml_ex21.htm EXHIBIT 21 LIST OF DIVISIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES OF THE EASTERN COMPANY Name of Division State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Eberhard Manufacturing Ohio Illinois Lock Company Illinois Name of Subsidiary Associated Toolmakers Ltd. England Big 3 Precision Products, Inc. Delaware Big 3 Precision Mold Services, Inc. Delaware Dongguan Reeworld Security Products Ltd. China Eastern Engineered Systems, Inc. Delaware Eastern Industrial Ltd China Hallink Moulds, Inc. Canada Velvac Holdings, Inc. Delaware Velvac, Inc. Delaware Velvac International, Inc. Delaware Velvac de Reynosa, S. De R.L. De C.V. Mexico World Lock Company Ltd. Taiwan World Security Industries Co. Ltd. Hong Kong 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 eml_ex23.htm
 CONSENT OF FIONDELLA
 
 eml_ex23.htm EXHIBIT 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-21351, 333-169169 and 333-238565) of our reports dated March 14, 2023, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Eastern Company relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule and internal controls for the two years ended December 31, 2022 listed in the accompanying index. /s/ Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP Fiondella, Milone LaSaracina LLP Glastonbury, Connecticut March 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 eml_ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 eml_ex31.htm EXHIBIT 31 CERTIFICATIONS I, Mark A. Hernandez, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The Eastern Company. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. b) designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 14, 2023 /s/ Mark A. Hernandez Mark A. Hernandez CEO EXHIBIT 31 CERTIFICATIONS I, Nicholas Vlahos, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The Eastern Company. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. b) designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: March 14, 2023 /s/ Nicholas Vlahos Nicholas Vlahos CFO 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 eml_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 eml_ex32.htm EXHIBIT 32 CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER Pursuant to 18 United States Code 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Mark A. Hernandez, the Chief Executive Officer of The Eastern Company (the Company and Nicholas Vlahos, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify that, to the best of their knowledge: 1) The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, and to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32 (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. In Witness Whereof, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 14 th day of March, 2023. /s/ Mark A. Hernandez Mark A. Hernandez CEO /s/ Nicholas Vlahos Nicholas Vlahos CFO A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to The Eastern Company and will be retained by The Eastern Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.) 

</EX-32>

<EX-99>
 6
 eml_ex99.htm
 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 
 eml_ex99.htm EXHIBIT 99 2023 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS To our Shareholders: 2022 represented a year of continued transformation and focus on our core operations for ongoing long-term growth and shareholder value creation. Net Sales from continuing operations for 2022 of 279 million increased 13 compared to 2021 net sales from continuing operations of 246 million, benefitting from increased demand across our commercial vehicle and industrial markets. Like many businesses, we experienced supply chain disruptions, material cost increases, and increasing freight costs. We were able to partially mitigate these cost increases through timely pricing and cost recovery actions. In addition, we also reduced late deliveries and our order backlog through active sourcing and supply chain management and ended 2022 with lower working capital as a percentage of sales at 26.1 compared to 27.2 in 2021. Cashflow from operations rebounded well in 2022, generating 7.3 million compared to using 7.8 million in 2021. This strong cashflow generation allowed us to paydown 7.2 million in debt and allowed us to increase our cash on hand at the end of 2022 by 4.0 million. At the same time, we continued with our share repurchase program in 2022, repurchasing 70,120 shares or approximately 1 of Company stock. Our balance sheet remains strong with our net leverage ratio decreasing to 2.27x as compared to 2.46x at the end of 2021. In 2022, we completed the divestiture of our remaining non-core business enabling us to focus on our larger businesses with the most opportunity for growth. We finalized the combination of our Eberhard and Illinois Lock businesses in 2022, allowing us to leverage our scale and operating synergies while we continued to take advantage in near-shoring capabilities at our Reynosa, Mexico facility. In addition, we realigned our senior management team with an eye towards improving our operating performance and our execution capabilities. 2023 and forward We will relentlessly focus on operations, employee safety, and logistical efficiencies in 2023. Our focus on generating strong free cash flow will be aided by continued strong sales demand in the automotive and commercial vehicle markets, and moderating freight, raw material, and labor cost increases. We are committed to operational excellence. Our company will play a unique role as the industry embraces the move to electrification, digitization, and automation, all of which we are well positioned to take advantage. We believe that our business capabilities are closely aligned with sustainable mobility through returnable packaging and commercial vehicle accessories that reduce wind resistance and allow for improved miles per gallon, hence reducing our customer s carbon footprint. In 2022, we embraced the GRI framework with standards set by the Global Sustainability Standards Board (GSSB) which we believe will be good for the industry and good for our shareholders. 1 2023 will be a year of focus on improving our operating performance and efficiencies of our production facilities, and improving returns for our shareholders. We thank you for your continued support and look forward to executing on the opportunities facing us. Mark A. Hernandez President and Chief Executive Officer James A. Mitarotonda Chairman of the Board Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this document about our future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans, or prospects constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the rules, regulations and releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact, including statements containing the words would, should, could, may, will, expect, "believe," estimate, anticipate, "intend," "continue," "plan," potential, opportunities, recovering, opportunities, or similar terms or variations of those terms or the negative of those terms, should also be considered to be forward-looking statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based upon management's current beliefs and expectations. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results might differ materially from those discussed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. include, but are not limited to, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic effects, including supply chain disruptions, cost inflation, rising interest rates, delays in delivery of our products to our customers, impact on demand for our products, reductions in production levels, increased costs, including costs of raw materials, the impact on global economic conditions, the availability, terms and cost of financing, including borrowings under credit arrangements or agreements, and the impact of market conditions on pension plan funded status. Other factors include, but are not limited to: restrictions on operating flexibility imposed by the agreement governing our credit facility; the effect on interest rates of the replacement of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) with a Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR); risks associated with doing business overseas, including fluctuations in exchange rates and the inability to repatriate foreign cash, the impact on cost structure and on economic conditions as a result of actual and threatened increases in trade tariffs and the impact of political, economic and social instability; the inability to achieve the savings expected from global sourcing of materials; the impact of higher raw material and component costs, including the impact of supply chain shortages and inflation, particularly steel, plastics, scrap iron, zinc, copper and electronic components; lower-cost competition; our ability to design, introduce and sell new or updated products and related components; market acceptance of our products; the inability to attain expected benefits from acquisitions or the inability to effectively integrate such acquisitions and achieve expected synergies; domestic and international economic conditions, including the impact, length and degree of economic downturns on the customers and markets we serve and more specifically conditions in the automotive, construction, aerospace, energy, oil and gas, transportation, electronic, and general industrial markets; costs and liabilities associated with environmental compliance; the impact of climate change or terrorist threats and the possible responses by the U.S. and foreign governments; failure to protect our intellectual property; cyberattacks; materially adverse or unanticipated legal judgments, fines, penalties or settlements. There are important, additional factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including those set forth in our reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update, alter, or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 2 

</EX-99>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 eml-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 eml-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 eml-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 eml-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

