<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_862651_0001493152-23-010108.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8648167</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>301006</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1333154</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3023372</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1689664</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2109262</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010108.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331135831
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010108
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Investview, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000862651
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				870369205
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27019
		FILM NUMBER:		23786524

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		234 INDUSTRIAL WAY WEST
		STREET 2:		STE A202
		CITY:			EATONTOWN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07724
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-889-4300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		234 INDUSTRIAL WAY WEST
		STREET 2:		STE A202
		CITY:			EATONTOWN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07724

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Investor Services, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TheRetirementSolution.com, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060918

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Voxpath Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060619

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010108.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the transition period from to . 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Issuer s
telephone number: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
 Stock, 0.001 Par Value Per Share 
 
 (Title
 of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the issued and outstanding common stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price per share of 0.0298 of the common stock as traded on the OTCQB
was approximately . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of
March 24, 2023, there were shares of common stock par value 0.001 per share, outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

2022
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 18 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 19 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 
 19 
 
 PART II 
 
 19 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 19 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 19 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 27 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 27 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 28 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 28 
 
 PART III 
 
 29 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 29 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 31 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 35 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 36 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 40 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 41 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 47 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 48 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

CERTAIN
STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT MAY CONTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANINGS OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. THESE STATEMENTS, WHICH INVOLVE RISKS AND
UNCERTAINTIES, REFLECT OUR CURRENT EXPECTATIONS, INTENTIONS, OR STRATEGIES REGARDING OUR POSSIBLE FUTURE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, PERFORMANCE,
AND ACHIEVEMENTS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS MAY BE IDENTIFIED IN THIS REPORT BY WORDS SUCH AS ANTICIPATE , BELIEVE ,
 COULD , ESTIMATE , EXPECT , INTEND , PLAN , PREDICT , PROJECT ,
 SHOULD AND SIMILAR TERMS AND EXPRESSIONS, INCLUDING REFERENCES TO ASSUMPTIONS AND STRATEGIES. THESE STATEMENTS REFLECT
OUR CURRENT BELIEFS AND ARE BASED ON INFORMATION CURRENTLY AVAILABLE TO US. ACCORDINGLY, THESE STATEMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS,
UNCERTAINTIES, AND CONTINGENCIES, WHICH COULD CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCE, OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE
EXPRESSED IN, OR IMPLIED BY, SUCH STATEMENTS. 

The
following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: 

the
 continuing impact, if at all, of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, employees, members,
 operating results, and ability to obtain additional funding; 

disruptions
 in our information technology systems; 

failure
 to protect against cybersecurity risks and to maintain the integrity of data; 

international
 trade or foreign exchange restrictions, increased tariffs, and foreign currency exchange
 fluctuations; 

deterioration
 of global economic conditions; 

inability
 to raise additional capital if needed; 

expensive
 and time-consuming legal proceedings; 

failure
 to comply with anti-corruption laws; 

potential
 for investigatory and enforcement action by the federal and state regulatory authorities; 

an
 adverse outcome of any proceedings with the SEC in which we may be involved from time to
 time; 

any
 adverse developments that may arise out of the current investigatory action by the Securities
 and Exchange Commission (See Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

volatility
 of the market price of our common stock; 

economic,
 political, foreign exchange, and other risks associated with international operations; 

failure
 of new products to gain distributor or market acceptance; 

noncompliance
 by our independent distributors with applicable legal requirements or our policies and procedures; 

failure
 to directly provide oversight and direction to our independent distributors; 

inability
 to retain independent distributors or to attract new independent distributors on an ongoing
 basis; 

unexpected
 tax or other assessments relating to the activity of our independent distributors; 

government
 regulations on direct selling activities in our various markets prohibiting or severely restricting
 our business; 

a
 finding that our direct selling program is not in compliance with current or newly adopted
 laws or regulations in various markets; 

3 

the
 unique industry risks associated with our Bitcoin mining operations that are largely outside
 of our control and that could have material adverse effects on our business, including, among
 others: risks associated with the need for significant amounts of low-cost and reliable electricity;
 changes to laws pertaining to mining or holding Bitcoin; our need for consistent, high-speed,
 and highly secure Internet connectivity; intense competition for new miners and the necessary
 infrastructure to support industrial-scale Bitcoin mining operations; cybersecurity risks;
 increased global Bitcoin network hash rate and difficulty; and competition for a fixed supply
 of Bitcoin rewards; 

inability
 to make accurate projections about our business and future contingencies as a result of the
 significant price volatility of Bitcoin and other risks other risks largely outside of our
 control, such as our suppliers inability to perform or timely deliver the new miners,
 parts, or services we purchase from them; 

failure
 to effectively secure required commercial power, equipment and/or material to implement an
 air-cooled and/or immersion-cooled Bitcoin mining infrastructure or to realize the benefits
 we anticipate from our substantial investment in air-cooled Bitcoin mining on the schedule
 we anticipate, if at all; 

inability
 to manage existing markets, open new international markets, or expand our operations; 

potential
 adverse effects on our business and stock price due to ineffective design and oversight of
 our internal controls over financial reporting and other processes; 

unfavorable
 publicity on our business or products, particularly associated with the ongoing regulatory
 matters with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the 2021 termination of our former
 CEO following the announcement of civil and criminal charges filed against him in connection
 with his activities unrelated to Investview and its businesses; and 

loss
 of, or inability to attract, build and integrate our management team and other key personnel. 

When
considering these forward-looking statements, investors should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report. Except as required
by law, we have no obligation and do not undertake to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this report. 

4 

PART
I 

 Item
1. Business 

General 

Investview,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (which we refer to as we, us, our, Investview, or
the Company ), operates a financial technology (FinTech) services company, offering several different lines of business,
including a Financial Education and Technology business that delivers a series of products and services involving financial education,
digital assets and related technology, through a network of independent distributors; and a Blockchain Technology and Crypto Mining Products
and Services business including leading-edge research, development and FinTech services involving the management of digital asset technologies
with a focus on Bitcoin mining and the new generation of digital assets. In addition, we are planning to create a Brokerage and Financial
Markets business within the investment management and brokerage industries by commercializing on a proprietary trading platform we acquired
in September 2021. 

Business 

Financial
Education and Technology 

Through
our wholly-owned subsidiary, iGenius, LLC iGenius ), we deliver multiple services and products, both domestically and internationally,
through a direct selling network, also known as multi-level marketing, of independent distributors that are offering our products and
services through a subscription-based revenue model to a large base of customers that we refer to as members . These services
and products consist of the offering of research, education, and investment tools designed to assist the self-directed investor in successfully
navigating the financial markets, including equities, options, FOREX, ETFs, binary options, and cryptocurrency. We have multiple tiers
of membership at varying upfront and monthly subscription costs, which provide members with the ability to select from a range of membership
packages to meet their product and service needs and price point. We offer first time members a guarantee of satisfaction, whereby, during
the designated trial period (10 days from initial purchase for domestic customers and 14 days from initial purchase for international
customers) if the member for any reason is not satisfied with our products or services, the member may request a full refund of their
subscription. 

Our
services include access to our library of educational content, as well as access to live and recorded education sessions, and trade alerts
provided by independent market experts who are experienced professionals. In addition to trading tools and research, we also offer access
to education and software applications that are designed to assist our members in debt reduction, increased savings, budgeting, and proper
tax management. Each product subscription includes a core set of trading tools and research along with the personal finance management
suite to provide an individual with access to the information necessary to cultivate and manage his or her finances and investment objectives.
In addition to the financial education technology and tools, iGenius members also gain access to a variety of benefits provided through
third party partnerships and affinity arrangements, including access to a discounted travel portal, crypto trading software and a digital
wallet platform. Further, through a distribution arrangement we have with Oneiro NA, Inc., we have provided our members with an opportunity
to purchase through Oneiro a specialty form of adaptive digital currency called ndau . Ndau is differentiated from other
existing cryptocurrencies by its built-in structures that incentivize stability and potential for growth as well as its more energy efficient
algorithm. We have also periodically engaged in the purchase of ndau to hold in our inventory. 

We
believe that the use of a direct selling distribution network is an effective way to market our products and services for purchase because
demand for financial education and other services is strengthened by the ongoing personal contact between members and distributors. In
addition, most of our distributors are members and use our products and services themselves, and therefore can provide first-hand testimonials
about our products and services, which can serve as a powerful sales tool. 

Blockchain
Technology and Crypto Mining Products and Services 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiary, SAFETek, LLC SAFETek ), we operate a Blockchain technology company that provides leading-edge research, development, and FinTech services
involving the management of digital asset technologies with a focus on Bitcoin mining and the new generation of digital assets. At our
North American and other international locations, SAFETek owns and manages nearly 10,000 next-generation Bitcoin application-specific
integrated circuit ASIC miner machines, with over 99 of such machines being powered by renewable energy sources, mainly
hydropower plants and geothermal. Bitcoin mined at our locations is used to pay certain of our expenses, including bonus and commission
payments to our U.S. and foreign independent distributors for our iGenius business, or otherwise held for investment purposes. We are
also developing new and more efficient ways to mine cryptocurrencies through innovations in hardware, firmware, and additional ways to
develop and utilize renewable energy sources. SAFETek operates a round-the-clock Network Operation Center (NOC) to achieve higher efficiency,
productivity, and availability of Bitcoin Mining Servers. Through these activities, we aim to increase the hash rate, uptime, profitability,
and overall ROI of our crypto currency mining operations. 

5 

Brokerage
and Financial Technologies Services 

In
order to, among other things, commercialize on the proprietary trading platform we recently acquired from MPower Trading Systems, LLC
in September 2021, to take advantage of the market s increasing acceptance and expansion of the ownership and use of digital currencies
as an investable asset class (subject to any applicable regulatory limitations) and to proactively respond to increasing regulatory scrutiny
relative to cryptocurrency products, we have adopted a growth plan that contemplates the creation of a brokerage and financial markets
business. Our growth plan contemplates the acquisition of a registered broker-dealer, and as a complement thereto, to offer a suite of
financial services that will include self-directed brokerage services, institutional trade execution services, innovative advisory services
(RIA, CTA), and codeless algorithmic trading technologies, which will operate under our recently formed subsidiary, Investview Financial
Group Holdings, LLC IFGH ). 

In
contemplation of this expansion plan, in September 2021, we completed the acquisition of the operating assets and intellectual property
rights of MPower Trading Systems, LLC, the developer and owner of Prodigio, a proprietary software-based trading platform with applications
within the brokerage industry. In March 2021, we also entered into agreements for the acquisition of LevelX, a brokerage firm owned by
SSA Technologies LLC, a company that is controlled by Joseph Cammarata, our former chief executive officer LevelX ). However,
due to certain complications relating to legal proceedings involving Mr. Cammarata, in connection with his activities unrelated to Investview
and its businesses, we elected to terminate this agreement during 2022, and continue our search for alternative acquisitions within the
brokerage industry. 

Apex
Tek, LLC 

Historically, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries
Apex Tek, LLC and SAFETek, we sold high powered data processing equipment, known as the Apex package, to our customers which equipment
was then leased back to us for our crypto mining operations. We discontinued sales of the Apex package in June 2020 principally due to
supply chain issues related to COVID-19 and implemented a buy-back program whereby we offered to repurchase such equipment and cancel
the existing lease, by way of a 48-month promissory note. Through the buy-back program, we repurchased substantially all of the Apex equipment
in late 2020. We repaid approximately 3 million and 4 million on account of such promissory notes during the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021, respectively, and continue to pay monthly installments under the promissory notes
as they become due. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
market our financial education and technology services and products through a network of independent distributors located
both within the United States and internationally who market our products and services to customers through direct selling techniques,
also known as multi-level marketing, and sponsor other independent distributors who also market our products and services to customers.
Our independent distributors are generally members who elect to participate in our distribution program. Approximately 10 of our
customers are currently also distributors. We have adopted various policies and procedures to which our independent distributors are
expected to adhere. We also provide training. We seek to motivate our independent distributors by offering high quality products and
services and providing product support and financial incentives. iGenius distributors are eligible to receive bonuses on sales of new
memberships and on upgrades in membership sold to their personally enrolled members. Bonuses for enrollments and upgraded enrollments
vary depending on the level of membership that a member is enrolled in. In addition, our distributors are eligible for residual bonuses
each time their personally enrolled members renew their subscriptions. We believe that the opportunity for our independent distributors
to earn bonuses and commissions contributes significantly to our ability to retain our most active and productive distributors. 

We
principally market our Blockchain technology and crypto mining products and services through trade shows, business to business marketing
and Blockchain supporting relationships. 

In
the United States, we generally sell our products and services on a cash or credit card basis. We also periodically accept Bitcoin as
a form of payment and use it to satisfy liabilities. 

Materials
and Suppliers 

Digital
asset mining is dependent on specialized digital asset mining hardware utilizing ASIC chips to solve blocks on blockchains using the
256-bit secure hashing algorithm. Almost all of these miners are produced outside of the United States, mostly in China and Southeast
Asia, by a few manufacturers. As the market value of digital assets has increased, the demand for the newest, most efficient miners has
also increased, leading to scarcity in the supply, and thereby a resulting increase in the price of miners. While we do our own repairs
at our facility in Texas, our mining business is highly dependent upon digital asset mining equipment suppliers providing an adequate
supply of new generation digital asset mining machines at economical prices to enable profitable mining by us and by third-party customers
intending to purchase our hosting and other solutions. We believe that our relationships with our power suppliers are good and that we
have sufficient supply to conduct our business operations as presently contemplated. 

6 

Competition 

Our
financial education and technology services and products are sold in competition with other companies, some of whom have greater sales
volumes and financial resources than we do, and sell brands that are, through advertising and promotions, better known to consumers.
We rely on our independent distributors to compete effectively in the direct selling markets, and our ability to attract and retain independent
distributors depends on various factors, including the training, support, quality product offerings and financial incentives for the
independent distributors. 

With
respect to our crypto mining business, we operate in a highly competitive environment. The primary drivers of competition are demand
for Bitcoin, sufficient capital resources to acquire large quantities of high-quality miners, the ability to secure these miners from
a limited number of suppliers on rapid delivery schedules, and the ability to generate the highest productivity. Recently, there has
been a significant increase in the number of Bitcoin miners attempting to expand their mining operations at scale. As more Bitcoin miners
enter the space, we expect additional pressure on the industry, with greater competition for access to miners and mining infrastructure,
which is in limited supply. Data center hosting is also highly competitive in the Bitcoin mining space. Our Bitcoin ASIC miner machines
are nearly all powered by renewable energy, which allows us to control our power costs, enabling us to focus on optimizing our mining
returns. 

Government
Regulation 

General 

We
are subject to government regulation in connection with securities laws and regulations applicable to all publicly owned companies as
well as laws and regulations applicable to businesses generally. We are also increasingly subject to governmental regulation and legislation
specifically targeting Internet companies, such as privacy regulations and taxes adopted at the local, state, national and international
levels. Due to the increasing use of the internet, enforcement of existing laws, (such as consumer protection regulations in connection
with web-based activities), has become more aggressive, and it is expected that new laws and regulations will continue to be enacted
at the local, state, national, and international levels. Such existing and new legislation, alone or combined with increasingly aggressive
enforcement of existing laws, could have a material adverse effect on our future operating performance and business. 

Distribution
Network Model 

Our
direct selling activities are regulated by the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), as well as various federal, state and local
governmental agencies in the United States and foreign countries. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent
or deceptive schemes, often referred to as pyramid schemes, which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional
participants without sufficient emphasis on providing tangible products and/or services. The laws and regulations governing direct selling
are modified from time to time, and, like other direct selling companies, we may be subject from time to time to government investigations
related to our direct selling activities. This may require us to make changes to our business model and our sales compensation plan. 

Cryptocurrency
Mining 

Cryptocurrency
mining is largely an unregulated activity at both the state and federal level, but government regulation is being actively considered
by the United States federal government via a number of agencies and regulatory bodies. Regulations may substantially change in the future
and it is presently not possible to know how regulations will apply to or impact our businesses, or when they will be effective. United
States and foreign country regulation of cryptocurrency mining is also important and determinative with respect to where we conduct our
mining operations. 

As
the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to new laws, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies,
which may affect our mining and other activities. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and
future regulation pose to our business, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors beginning on page 9 of this Annual Report. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of March 24, 2023, we had 33 employees, of which 29 were full-time and 4 are part-time. None of these employees are covered by a collective
bargaining agreement. We have experienced no work stoppages and consider our relations with our employees to be good. We contract with
a professional employer organization, or PEO, that administers our human resources, payroll and employee benefits functions for our employees
in the United States. Although we recruit and select our workers, each of these workers is also an employee of record of the PEO. As
a result, these workers are compensated through the PEO, are governed by the work policies created jointly by us and the PEO and receive
their annual wage statements and other payroll or labor related reports from the PEO. 

In
addition to our employees, our human capital resources also include our independent distributors for our iGenius products and services,
who are located worldwide. For information about our independent distributors, see Item 1. Business Sales and Marketing. 

7 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of trade-secret protection and confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, distributors, customers,
partners, and others to protect our proprietary rights. It is our general practice to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment
agreements with all of our employees and independent contractors. Such agreements include a confidentiality undertaking by the employee
or independent contractor; ensure that all new intellectual property developed in the course of our relationship with employees or independent
contractors is assigned to us; and require the employee or independent contractor to cooperate with us to protect our intellectual property
during and after their relationship with us. With respect to our Financial Education and Technology business, the intellectual property
that makes our business competitive consists of, among others, the valuable trade secrets, know-how, concepts, methods, techniques and
materials used in our business, consisting principally of educational materials, domain names, relationships with strategic vendors and
customer lists. 

With
respect to our cryptocurrency mining business, we actively use specific hardware and software. In certain cases, source code and other
software assets may be subject to an open-source license, as much technology development underway in this sector is open source. For
these works, we adhere to the terms of any license agreements that may be in place. We do not currently own, and do not have any current
plans to seek, any patents in connection with our existing and planned blockchain and cryptocurrency related operations. 

With
respect to our planned Brokerage and Financial Markets business, in September 2021 we acquired the source code and object code of the
operational commercial ready front-end and middle office proprietary Prodigio SMART (Signal Management Automated Real-time Robotic Trading
system) Trading Platform, all know-how and other intellectual property necessary, useful and/or used in the software. The acquisition
is not expected to be immediately accretive to our results; however, together with our expected expansion into the broker-dealer business,
if at all, it is expected to become a fundamental part of an overall strategy to create our Brokerage and Financial Markets business.
See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Corporate
History 

Investview
was formed in the State of Utah on January 30, 1946 under its prior name Uintah Mountain Copper Mining Company. After the commencement
and abandonment of several business plans, and after several name changes and change of domicile to Nevada, on March 27, 2012 we adopted
our new business model and changed our name to Investview, Inc. 

Internet
Address 

Additional
information concerning our business can be found on our website at www.investview.com for the most up-to-date corporate financial
information, presentation announcements, transcripts, and archives. Information regarding our products and services offered by our wholly
owned subsidiary, iGenius LLC, may be found at www.igeniusglobal.com .Information regarding SAFETek LLC is available at www.safeteksolutions.com .
Website links provided may change in the future. We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with or furnish it to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Investors
should carefully consider the following material risk factors as well as all other information set forth or referred to in this report
before purchasing shares of our preferred or common stock. Investing in our preferred or common stock involves a high degree of risk.
Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such
a case, you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. If any of the following events or outcomes actually occur, our business operating results
and financial condition would likely suffer. As a result, the trading price of our preferred and/or common stock could decline, and investors
may lose all or part of the money paid to purchase our preferred and/or common stock. 

Risks
Related to our Business Generally 

Our
operations and financial condition have been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and that may continue. 

COVID-19
was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in March of 2020. Even though
the COVID-19 surge appears to be abating and there has been a relaxation of pandemic-related constraints in many markets, we believe
that the global spread of COVID-19 has created significant volatility and uncertainty and economic disruption. We believe the extent
to which the COVID-19 pandemic, including new surges or COVID-19 variants, or any other pandemic ultimately impacts our business, financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict,
including, without limitation: the duration and scope of the pandemic; the success in delivering and efficacy of vaccines; governmental,
business and individuals actions that have been and will be taken in response to the pandemic (including restrictions on travel
and transport and workforce pressures); the effect on our suppliers and customers and customer demand for our core products and services;
the effect on our sources of supply; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and actions taken in response; closures of our and
our suppliers and customers offices and facilities; the ability of our customers to pay for our products and services;
financial market volatility; commodity prices; and the pace of recovery when the COVID-19 or other pandemic subsides. 

8 

SAFETek
LLC suffered supply chain issues and significant delays in establishing mining operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The supply chain
issues caused the suspension of the APEX sale-leaseback program. In addition, iGenius suffered the loss of all in-person marketing activities
while pandemic-related constraints were in place, but we pivoted to on-line marketing and zoom presentations which limited the impact
to iGenius s results from operations. 

Loss
from operations experienced for the year ended December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net loss of 12,944,944. Even though this was mostly due to our non-cash impairment expense
of 14.6 million that had no impact on our cash flow or our liquidity and capital resources, and after excluding the impairment expense,
we were able to show net income from operations of 1.7 million and 9.4 million of cash provided by our operating activities, a loss
of that magnitude could have an adverse reputational and commercial effect on us, including on our credit rating, banking matters, relationships
with vendors, insurers, and credit processors, and other commercial relationships. 

We
may not be able to fully protect our proprietary rights and we may infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, which could result
in costly litigation. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to protect and preserve the proprietary rights related to our products. We cannot assure that we
will be able to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property and technology without our authorization. We also rely on
trade secrets, common law trademark rights, and trademark registrations, as well as confidentiality and work for hire, development, assignment,
and license agreements with employees, consultants, third-party developers, licensees, and customers. Our protective measures for these
intangible assets afford only limited protection from illegal actors and may be flawed or become inadequate with the passage of time. 

Policing
unauthorized use of our technology is difficult and some foreign laws do not provide the same level of protection as U.S. laws. Litigation
may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trademarks or trade secrets that we may obtain,
or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and have a material adverse effect on our future operating results. 

In
recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving intellectual property rights. In particular, there
has been an increase in the filing of lawsuits alleging infringement of intellectual property rights, which pressure defendants into
entering settlement arrangements quickly to dispose of such lawsuits, regardless of their merits. Other companies or individuals may
allege that we infringe on their intellectual property rights. Litigation, particularly in the area of intellectual property rights,
is costly and the outcome is inherently uncertain. In the event that we become involved in such a lawsuit in the future and receive an
adverse result, we could be liable for substantial damages, and we may be forced to discontinue our use of the intellectual property
in question or obtain a license to use those rights or develop non-infringing alternatives. 

Climate
change, and the regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change, may materially adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

The
impacts of climate change may materially and adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of our operations. Further,
any impacts to our business and financial condition as a result of climate change are likely to occur over a sustained period of time
and are therefore difficult to quantify with any degree of specificity. For example, extreme weather events may result in adverse physical
effects on portions of our infrastructure, which could disrupt our supply chain and ultimately our business operations. In addition,
disruption of transportation and distribution systems could result in reduced operational efficiency and customer service interruption.
Climate related events have the potential to disrupt our business, including the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience
higher attrition, losses and additional costs to resume operations. 

In
addition, a number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes in response
to various climate change interest groups and the potential impact of climate change. Given the significant amount of electrical power
required to operate cryptocurrency miners, as well the environmental impact of mining for metals used in the production of mining servers,
the cryptocurrency mining industry may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation. Legislation and increased regulation
regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy requirements,
capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any future climate change
regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Given
the political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, we cannot predict how
legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without
such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by
us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our
business and financial condition. 

9 

We
may accept, disburse, and hold cryptocurrency, which may subject us to exchange risk and additional tax and regulatory requirements. 

We
periodically accept Bitcoin as a form of payment and use it to satisfy liabilities. Cryptocurrency is not considered legal tender or
backed by any government and have experienced significant price volatility, technological glitches, and various law enforcement and regulatory
interventions. If we fail to comply with regulations or prohibitions applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement
actions and potential fines and other consequences. We also hold cryptocurrencies directly, subjecting us to exchange rate risk as well
as the risk that regulatory or other developments and the recent price volatility may adversely affect the value of the cryptocurrencies
we hold. The uncertainties regarding legal and regulatory requirements relating to cryptocurrencies or transactions using cryptocurrencies,
as well as potential accounting and tax issues or other requirements relating to cryptocurrencies, could have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

We
might fail to realize the expected benefits and strategic objectives of our recent acquisition of the proprietary Prodigio SMART Trading
Platform. 

During
September 2021, we acquired, among other assets, the proprietary Prodigio SMART Trading Platform in consideration for the issuance of
Class B Redeemable Units consisting of non-voting membership interests in our wholly owned subsidiary IFGH that are in the future redeemable
for 565,000,000 Investview common shares on a one-for-one basis. While we believe such acquisition is expected to become a fundamental
part of an overall strategy to create a Brokerage and Financial Markets business within the investment management and brokerage industries,
we might not achieve our expected, or any, return on this investment. If we are unsuccessful at creating this line of business, we may
not be able to achieve our planned rates of growth or improve our market share, profitability or competitive position. We can give no
assurance that we will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of the Prodigio SMART Trading Platform or
any other acquired business or assets. 

Creating
a Brokerage and Financial Markets business may be difficult to achieve. 

The
creation of a Brokerage and Financial Markets business relies upon the acquisition of a FINRA-regulated broker-dealer. In March 2021,
we entered into an agreement for the acquisition of a brokerage firm controlled by Joseph Cammarata, our former chief executive officer.
However, due to complications relating to Mr. Cammarata s then ongoing legal proceedings, even though unrelated to the Company,
we were caused to terminate this agreement during 2022, and continue our search for alternative acquisitions within the brokerage industry.
We believe, however, that our ability to manage the regulatory (i.e., FINRA) approval process, and secure the financing necessary to
acquire a broker-dealer, may be made more difficult due to a combination of our former association with Mr. Cammarata, since we remain
the subject of an SEC inquiry, and since our common shares trade on the less desirable Over-the-Counter marketplace. Failure to achieve
this growth objective may limit the scope of our expected growth. 

Substantially
all of our employees are employed by professional employer organizations. 

We
contract with a professional employer organization, or PEO, that administers our human resources, payroll and employee benefits functions
for our employees in the United States. Although we recruit and select our workers, each of these workers is also an employee of record
of the PEO. As a result, these workers are compensated through the PEO, are governed by the work policies created jointly by us and the
PEO and receive their annual wage statements and other payroll or labor related reports from the PEO. This relationship permits management
to focus on operations and profitability rather than payroll administration, but this relationship also exposes us to some risks. Among
other risks, if the PEO fails to adequately withhold or pay employer taxes or to comply with other laws, such as the Fair Labor Standards
Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or state and federal anti-discrimination laws, each
of which is outside of our control, we would be liable for such violations, and indemnification provisions with the PEO, if applicable,
and Company insurance may not be sufficient to insulate us from those liabilities. 

Court
and administrative proceedings related to matters of employment tax, labor law and other laws applicable to PEO arrangements could distract
management from our business and cause us to incur significant expense. If we were held liable for violations by the PEO, such amounts
may adversely affect our profitability and could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 

10 

Our
business could be negatively affected if the SEC determines that we violated federal securities laws. 

During
November 2021, we received a subpoena from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for the production
of documents. We have reason to believe that the focus of the SEC s inquiry involves whether certain federal securities laws were
violated in connection with, among other things, the offer and sale of our now discontinued Apex sale and leaseback program, the operation
of our direct selling network now known as iGenius, and the offer and sale of cryptocurrency products. In the subpoena, the SEC advised
that the investigation does not mean that the SEC has concluded that we or anyone else has violated federal securities laws and or any
other law. We believe that we have complied at all times with the federal securities laws. However, we are aware of the evolving SEC
commentary and rulemaking process relative to the characterization of cryptocurrency products under federal securities laws that is sweeping
through many businesses that operate within the cryptocurrency sector. 

Risks
Related to our Financial Education and Technology Business 

Our
business could be negatively affected by any adverse economic developments in the securities markets or the domestic or international
economy in general. 

We
depend on the interest of individuals in obtaining financial information and securities trading strategies to assist them in making their
own investment decisions. Significant downturns in the securities markets or in general economic and political conditions domestically
or internationally may cause individuals to be reluctant to make their own investment decisions and thus decrease the demand for our
products and services. Significant upturns in the securities markets or in general economic and political conditions domestically or
internationally may cause individuals to be less proactive in seeking ways to improve the returns on their trading or investment decisions
and, thus, decrease the demand for our products and services. 

We
may encounter risks relating to security or other system disruptions and failures that could reduce the attractiveness of our websites
and that could harm our business and results of operations. 

Although
we have implemented various security mechanisms, our business is vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and
similar disruptions, which could lead to interruptions, delays, or loss of data. For instance, because a portion of our revenue is based
on individuals using credit cards to purchase subscriptions over the Internet, our business could be adversely affected by credit card
fraud and other electronic break-ins or disruptions. Additionally, our operations depend on our ability to protect systems against damage
from fire, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failure, and other events beyond our control. Moreover, our website may experience
slower response times or other problems for a variety of reasons, including hardware and communication line capacity restraints, software
failures, or significant increases in traffic when there have been important business or financial news stories. These strains on our
systems could cause customer dissatisfaction and could discourage visitors from becoming paying subscribers. Our websites could experience
disruptions or interruptions in service due to the failure or delay in the transmission or receipt of information from us. These types
of occurrences could cause users to perceive our website and technology solutions as not functioning properly and cause them to use other
methods or services of our competitors. Any disruption resulting from these actions may harm our business and may be expensive to remedy,
may not be fully covered by our insurance, could damage our reputation, and discourage new and existing users from using our products
and services. Any disruptions could increase costs and make profitability even more difficult to achieve. 

We
will need to introduce new products and services and enhance existing products and services to remain competitive. 

Our
future success depends in part on our ability to develop and enhance our products and services. In addition, the adoption of new Internet,
networking or telecommunications technologies or other technological changes could require us to incur substantial expenditures to enhance
or adapt our services or infrastructure. There are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced
products and services, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies, adapt our services to emerging
industry standards, or develop, introduce and market enhanced or new products and services. An inability to develop new products and
services, or enhance existing offerings, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 

We
rely on external service providers to perform certain key functions. 

We
rely on a number of external service providers for certain key technology, processing, service, and support functions. External content
providers provide us with crypto mining services, financial information, market news, charts, option and stock quotes, research reports,
and other fundamental data that we offer to clients. These service providers face technological and operational risks of their own. Any
significant failures by them, including improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could
cause us to incur losses and could harm our reputation. 

We
cannot assure that any external service providers will be able to continue to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective
manner or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. An interruption in or the cessation of service
by any external service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial constraints or problems, unanticipated
trading market closures, or for any other reason, and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a smooth and timely manner, if
at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

11 

We
could face liability and other costs relating to storage and use of personal information about our users. 

Users
provide us with personal information, including tax identification numbers, which we do not share without the user s consent. Despite
this policy of obtaining consent, however, if third persons were able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate our
users personal information, we could be subject to liability, including claims for unauthorized purchases with credit card information,
impersonation or other similar fraud claims, and misuses of personal information, such as for unauthorized marketing purposes. New privacy
legislation may further increase this type of liability. Furthermore, we could incur additional expenses if additional regulations regarding
the use of personal information were introduced or if federal or state agencies were to investigate our privacy practices. We do not
store user credit card information and rely upon our merchant processing partners to collect and store this information with the necessary
Payment Card Industry Security Standards compliance in place. However, a breach of the merchant s security standards could create
liability for us. 

Our
business could be negatively affected if we are required to defend allegations of unfair competition and unfair false or deceptive acts
or practices in or affecting commerce. 

Advertising
and marketing of our products in the United States are also subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission FTC under the Federal Trade Commission Act, or FTC Act. Among other things, the FTC Act prohibits unfair methods of competition and unfair
false or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce. The FTC Act also makes it illegal to disseminate or cause to be disseminated
any false advertisement. The FTC routinely reviews websites to identify questionable advertising claims and practices. Competitors sometimes
inform the FTC when they believe other competitors are violating the FTC Act and consumers also notify the FTC of what they believe may
be wrongful advertising. The FTC may initiate a nonpublic investigation that focuses on our advertising claims, which usually involves
nonpublic, pre-lawsuit, extensive formal discovery. Such an investigation may be lengthy and expensive to defend and result in a publicly
disclosed consent decree or settlement agreement. If no settlement can be reached, the FTC may start an administrative proceeding or
a federal court lawsuit against us or our principal officers. The FTC often seeks to recover from the defendants, whether in a consent
decree or a proceeding, any or all of the following: (i) consumer redress in the form of monetary relief or disgorgement of profits;
(ii) significant reporting requirements for several years; and (iii) injunctive relief. In addition, most, if not all, states have statutes
prohibiting deceptive and unfair acts and practices. The requirements under these state statutes are similar to those of the FTC Act. 

Our
business could be negatively affected if we are required to defend allegations that our direct selling activities are fraudulent or deceptive
schemes, or against public interest. 

Our
iGenius products and services are marketed by a network of independent distributors using direct selling methods, commonly known as multi-level
marketing programs. Although we believe that our direct sales methods are generally in compliance with applicable legal standards, multi-level
marketing programs, in general, have often been the target of regulatory scrutiny by federal, state, and local governmental agencies
in the United States and foreign countries, including the FTC. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent
or deceptive schemes, often referred to as pyramid schemes, which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional
participants without significant emphasis on product sales. The regulatory requirements concerning multi-level marketing programs do
not include bright line rules and are inherently fact-based and, thus, we are subject to the risk that these regulations
or the enforcement or interpretation of these regulations by regulators or courts can change. The adoption of new regulations, or changes
in the interpretations or enforcement of existing regulations, may result in significant compliance costs or require us to change or
cease aspects of our network marketing program. In addition, the ambiguity surrounding these regulations can also affect the public perception
of our business. 

Our
independent distributors could fail to comply with applicable legal requirements or our distributor policies and procedures, which could
result in claims against us that could harm our business. 

Our
independent distributors are independent contractors and, accordingly, we are not able to directly provide the same oversight and direction
as we could if they were our employees. As a result, we have implemented compliance measures that are designed to train our distributors
and attempt to monitor our distributors use of marketing materials that are in compliance with FTC and other legal standards.
Despite our compliance initiatives we cannot always ensure that our independent distributors will comply with applicable laws or regulations,
our distributor policies and procedures, or that such marketing materials or other distributor practices comply with applicable laws,
rules, and regulations. It is possible that a court or governmental agency could hold us liable for the actions of our distributors,
which could materially harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Extensive
federal, state, local, and international laws regulate our business, products and direct selling activities. In addition, because we
have expanded into foreign countries, our policies and procedures for our independent distributors differ slightly in some countries
due to the different legal requirements of each country in which we do business. 

12 

Our
proprietary systems may be compromised by hackers. 

Our
current products and other products and services that we may develop in the future will be based on proprietary software and customer-specific
data that we protect by routine measures such as password protection, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with employees, and
similar measures. Any unauthorized access to our software or data could materially disrupt our business and result in financial loss
and damages to our business and reputation. 

Our
business could be negatively affected if any of the third-party providers of products or services offered through our membership packages
default on their obligation to our members. 

Through
our iGenius membership program and our now discontinued Apex sale and leaseback program, our members have gained access to a variety
of benefits provided through third party partnerships and affinity arrangements, including products and services provided by third party
investment professionals, access to a proprietary digital currency called ndau and a supplemental total protection program
offered by a third-party affiliate of a global insurance brokerage firm. We cannot ensure that such third-party providers will comply
with their contractual requirements to our members or with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Any significant failures by them
could cause us to incur losses and could harm our reputation. 

Included
in our now discontinued Apex sale and leaseback program was a total protection plus TPP program administered and managed
by a third-party provider, an affiliate of a global insurance brokerage firm. According to marketing and legal documents provided by
the third-party provider, the TPP program would function as a supplemental financial guaranty by providing Apex program customers with
protection for the purchase price of such equipment, which could be redeemed by the customer by exercising an option for a cash payout
to be paid by the third-party provider after a certain period of time, either 5 or 10 years. 

We
have also historically offered our iGenius members the opportunity to participate in a TPP program administered and managed by such third-party
provider in connection with such members purchases of ndau through the Oneiro ndau distribution program. According to marketing
and legal documents provided by the third-party provider, the TPP would function to provide a supplemental financial guaranty for the
purchase price of the ndau. Customers could redeem such protection by exercising an option for a cash payout to be paid by the third-party
provider after 5 or 10 years. 

During
the fourth calendar quarter of 2021 we temporarily suspended any further offering of the TPP program in connection with the sale of ndau
after the third-party provider was unable to comply with our standard vendor compliance protocols, citing certain offshore confidentiality
entitlements. That suspension has remained in place as we have been unable to further validate the continued integrity of the TPP program
and the vendor s ability to honor its commitments to our members. We cannot ensure that such third-party provider will comply with
its contractual requirements, which could cause our members to not achieve the level of return on their investments expected, and possibly
expose us to claims that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Risks
Related to our Blockchain Technology and Crypto Mining Products and Services 

The
further development and acceptance of digital asset networks and other digital assets, which represent a new and rapidly changing industry,
are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of digital
asset systems may adversely affect an investment in us. 

Digital
assets such as bitcoins, that may be used, among other things, to buy and sell goods and services are a new and rapidly evolving industry
of which the digital asset networks are prominent, but not unique, parts. The growth of the digital asset industry in general, and the
digital asset networks of bitcoin in particular, are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The factors affecting the further development
of the digital asset industry, as well as the digital asset networks, include: 

continued
 worldwide growth in the adoption and use of bitcoins and other digital assets; 
 
 government
 and quasi-government regulation of bitcoins and other digital assets and their use, or restrictions
 on or regulation of access to and operation of the digital asset network or similar digital
 assets systems; 
 
 the
 maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the bitcoin network; 
 
 changes
 in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; 
 
 the
 availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services,
 including new means of using fiat currencies; 
 
 general
 economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets; 
 
 the
 impact of regulators focusing on digital assets and digital securities and the costs associated
 with such regulatory oversight; and 
 
 A
 decline in the popularity or acceptance of the digital asset networks of bitcoin, or similar
 digital asset systems, could adversely affect an investment in us. 

13 

Our
ability to achieve profitability is largely dependent on the price of Bitcoin and ndau, which has historically been volatile. 

Our
focus on our Bitcoin mining operations and investment in ndau is largely based on our assumptions regarding the future value of Bitcoin
and ndau, which has been subject to significant historical volatility and may be subject to influence from malicious actors, real or
perceived scarcity, political, economic, and regulatory conditions, and speculation making its price more volatile or creating bubble 
type risks for the trading price of Bitcoin. Further, unlike traditional stock exchanges, which have listing requirements and vet issuers,
requiring them to comply with rigorous listing standards and rules, and which monitor transactions for fraud and other improprieties,
markets for Bitcoin, ndau and other cryptocurrencies tend to be underregulated, if they are regulated at all. Less stringent cryptocurrency
markets have a higher risk of fraud or manipulation and any lack of oversight or perceived lack of transparency could reduce confidence
in the price of Bitcoin, ndau and other cryptocurrencies, which could adversely affect their price. 

These
factors make it difficult to accurately predict the future market price of Bitcoin and ndau and may also inhibit consumer trust in and
market acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of exchange, which could limit the future adoption of Bitcoin and ndau and, as a result,
our assumptions could prove incorrect. If our assumptions prove incorrect and the future price of Bitcoin is not sufficiently high, our
income from our Bitcoin mining operations may not exceed our costs, and our operations may never achieve profitability. 

Transaction
fees may decrease demand for Bitcoin and prevent expansion. 

As
the number of Bitcoins currency rewards awarded for solving a block in a blockchain has decreased, transaction fees have increasingly
been used to incentivize miners to continue to contribute to the Bitcoin network. However, high Bitcoin transaction fees may slow the
adoption of Bitcoin as a means of payment, which may decrease demand for Bitcoin and future prices of Bitcoin may suffer as a result.
If Bitcoin prices are not sufficiently high, our mining revenue may not exceed our associated costs, and our results of operations and
financial condition may suffer. Further, because the price of shares of our common stock may be linked to the price of Bitcoin, if demand
for Bitcoin decreases, causing future Bitcoin prices to decrease, the market price of our securities may be materially and adversely
affected, limiting our ability to raise additional capital to fund our strategic growth plans. 

Bitcoin
is subject to Halving, meaning that the Bitcoin rewarded for solving a block will be reduced in the future and its value may not commensurately
adjust to compensate us for such reductions, and the overall supply of Bitcoin is finite. 

Bitcoin
is subject to Halving, which is the process by which the Bitcoin reward for solving a block is reduced by 50 every 210,000 blocks that
are solved. This means that the amount of Bitcoin we (or any other miner) are rewarded for solving a block in the Blockchain is permanently
cut in half. For example, the latest Halving having occurred in May 2020, with a revised payout of 6.25 Bitcoin per block solved, down
from the previous reward rate of 12.5 Bitcoin per block solved. The next Halving date is in 2024. There can be no assurance that the
price of Bitcoin will sufficiently increase to justify the increasingly high costs of mining for Bitcoin given the Halving feature. If
a corresponding and proportionate increase in the trading price of these cryptocurrencies does not follow these anticipated Halving events,
the revenue we earn from our mining operations would see a corresponding decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business and operations. To illustrate, even if the price of Bitcoin remains at its price as of today, all other factors being equal
(including the same number of miners and a stable hash rate) our revenue would decrease substantially upon the next Halving. 

Further,
due to the Halving process, unless the underlying code of the Bitcoin Blockchain is altered (which may be unlikely or difficult given
its decentralized nature), the supply of Bitcoin is finite. Once 21 million Bitcoin have been generated by virtue of solving blocks in
the Blockchain, the network will stop producing more. Currently, there are approximately 19.0 million Bitcoin in circulation representing
about 90 of the total supply of Bitcoin under the current source code. For the foregoing reasons, the Halving feature exposes us to
inherent uncertainty and reliance upon the historically volatile price of Bitcoin, rendering an investment in us particularly speculative,
especially in the long-term. If the price of Bitcoin does not significantly increase in value, your investment could become worthless. 

We
are subject to risks associated with our need for significant electrical power. 

Our
Bitcoin mining operations have required significant amounts of electrical power, and, to the extent we purchase additional miners or
acquire new miners which require higher energy inputs, our electricity requirements would grow. If we are unable to continue to obtain
sufficient electrical power to operate our miners on a cost-effective basis, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our significant
capital investments in new miners. Even at our current energy usage, there can be no guarantee that our operational costs will not increase
in the future. Additionally, our mining operations could be materially adversely affected by prolonged power outages, and we may have
to reduce or cease our operations in the event of an extended power outage, or as a result of the unavailability or increased cost of
electrical power. If this were to occur, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and investors
in our securities could be harmed. 

14 

Changing
environmental regulation and public energy policy may expose our business to new risks. 

If
new environmental and energy regulations, policies, and initiatives enacted by federal and Texas regulators are imposed, or if existing
regulations are modified, the assumptions we made underlying our plans and strategic initiatives may be inaccurate, and we may incur
additional costs to adapt our planned business, if we are able to adapt at all, to such regulations. 

In
addition, there continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty for our business
because the cryptocurrency mining industry, with its high energy demand, may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation.
New legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs
related to increased energy requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such
regulations. Further, any future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated
in areas not subject to such limitations. 

Given
the political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, we cannot predict how
legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, even without such regulation, increased
awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our
industry could harm our reputation. Any of the foregoing could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

The
compliance costs of responding to new and changing regulation could adversely affect our operations. 

We
(along with those from whom we purchase electricity) are subject to various federal, state, local, and international environmental laws
and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling, and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Certain
of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on
current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment.
Our operations may involve the use of hazardous substances and materials, such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as
batteries, cleaning solutions, and other materials. 

Electricity
costs could also be affected due to existing or new regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, whether such regulations apply to all consumers
of electricity or just to specified uses, such as Bitcoin mining. There has been interest in the U.S. Congress and in the Legislature
of the State of Texas in addressing climate change, including through regulation of Bitcoin mining. Past legislative proposals to address
climate change include measures ranging from taxes on carbon use or generation to federally imposed limits on greenhouse gas emissions.
Further, although Texas has historically sought to maintain some degree of energy independence from the United States as a whole, it
is unclear how future legislation and regulation will affect our Texas operations. The course of future legislation and regulation in
the United States and in Texas remains difficult to predict, and potential increased costs associated with new legislation or regulation
cannot be estimated at this time. 

Regulatory
changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrencies in a manner that adversely affects
our business, prospects, or operations. 

As
cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies;
certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while in some jurisdictions,
such as in the U.S., subject the mining, ownership and exchange of cryptocurrencies to extensive, and in some cases overlapping, unclear
and evolving regulatory requirements. Ongoing and future regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations. 

Our
interactions with a blockchain may expose us to SDN or blocked persons and new legislation or regulation could adversely impact our business
or the market for cryptocurrencies. 

The
Office of Financial Assets Control OFAC of the U.S. Department of Treasury requires us to comply with its sanction program
and not conduct business with persons named on its specially designated nationals SDN list. However, because of the pseudonymous
nature of blockchain transactions we may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s
SDN list. Our Company s policy prohibits any transactions with such SDN individuals, but we may not be adequately capable of determining
the ultimate identity of the individual with whom we transact with respect to selling cryptocurrency assets; for example, the use of
cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, as a potential means of avoiding federally-imposed sanctions, such as those imposed in connection
with the Russian invasion of Ukraine. On March 2, 2022, a group of United States Senators sent the Secretary of the United States Treasury
Department a letter asking Secretary Yellen to investigate its ability to enforce such sanctions vis- -vis Bitcoin, and on March
8, 2022, President Biden announced an executive order on cryptocurrencies which seeks to establish a unified federal regulatory regime
for cryptocurrencies. We are unable to predict the nature or extent of new and proposed legislation and regulation affecting the cryptocurrency
industry, or the potential impact of the use of cryptocurrencies by SDN or other blocked or sanctioned persons, which could have material
adverse effects on our business and our industry more broadly. Further, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings,
and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties as a result of any regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our reputation
and affect the value of our common stock. 

15 

Bitcoin
and Bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, may be made illegal in certain jurisdictions, including the ones we operate
in, which could adversely affect our business prospects and operations. 

Although
we do not anticipate any material adverse regulations on Bitcoin mining in our jurisdictions of operation, it is possible that state
or federal regulators may seek to impose harsh restrictions or total bans on cryptocurrency mining which may make it impossible for us
to do business without relocating our mining operations, which could be very costly and time consuming. Further, although Bitcoin and
Bitcoin mining, as well as cryptocurrencies generally, are largely unregulated in most countries (including the United States), regulators
in certain jurisdictions may undertake new or intensify existing regulatory actions in the future that could severely restrict the right
to mine, acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency or to exchange it for traditional fiat currency such as the United States Dollar.
Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of cryptocurrencies as a means of exchange is presently confined to
certain regions globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on us, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire
or hold for our own account, and thus negatively affect the value of our common stock. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

We
may need to raise additional capital to execute on our growth plan. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business may fail. 

Although
our current financial resources are sufficient for us to sustain our existing operations, we may be required to raise additional capital
to help finance our planned growth within the financial services sector. If we find that we need, but are unable, to obtain adequate
additional financing, we may not be able to successfully market and sell our products and our business operations will most likely be
discontinued. To secure additional financing, we may need to borrow money or sell more securities. Under these circumstances, we may
be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms or at all. Selling additional stock, either privately or publicly, would
dilute the equity interests of our stockholders. If we borrow money, we will have to pay interest and may also have to agree to restrictions
that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on terms acceptable to us, we may have to curtail
business operations, which would have a material negative effect on operating results and most likely result in a lower stock price. 

Our
common stock price has been and may continue to be extremely volatile. 

Our
common stock has closed as low as 0.01 per share and as high as 0.11 per share during the year ended December 31, 2022. We believe
this volatility may be caused, in part, by variations in our quarterly operating results, delays in development of our technologies,
changes in market valuations of similar companies, and the volume of our stock in the market. 

Additionally,
in recent years the stock market in general, and the OTC Markets and technology stocks in particular, have experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations. In some cases, these fluctuations are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the underlying
company. These market and industry factors may materially and adversely affect our stock price regardless of our operating performance.
The historical trading of our common stock is not necessarily an indicator of how it will trade in the future and our trading price as
of the date of this report is not necessarily an indicator of what the trading price of our common stock might be in the future. 

In
the past, class action litigation has often been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of those
companies common stock. If we become involved in this type of litigation in the future it could result in substantial costs and
diversion of management attention and resources, which could have a further negative effect on our stock price. 

The
trading price of shares of our common stock may increase or decrease as does the trading price of Bitcoin and other digital currencies,
which subject investors to pricing risks, including bubble type risks, and volatility. 

Because
of our connection with Bitcoin and other digital currencies, the trading prices of our common stock may at times be tied to the trading
prices of Bitcoin and such other digital currencies. Specifically, we may experience adverse effects on our stock price when the value
of Bitcoin or other digital currencies drops. Furthermore, if the market for Bitcoin or other digital currency company stocks or the
stock market in general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our stock could decline for reasons unrelated
to our business, operating results or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to arbitrary pricing
factors that are not necessarily associated with traditional factors that influence stock prices or the value of non-cryptocurrency assets
such as revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth prospects or business activity since the value and price, as determined by the investing
public, may be influenced by uncertain contingencies such as future anticipated adoption or appreciation in value of cryptocurrencies
or Blockchains generally, and other factors over which we have little or no influence or control. 

Bitcoin
and other cryptocurrency market prices, which have historically been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors, are determined
primarily using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject
to factors such as those that impact commodities, more so than business activities, which could be subjected to additional influence
from fraudulent or illegitimate actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions. Pricing
may be the result of, and may continue to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrencies, or our
share price, making their market prices more volatile or creating bubble type risks for the trading price of Bitcoin. 

16 

Shares
of our common stock may never become eligible for trading on Nasdaq or a national securities exchange. 

We
cannot assure that we will ever be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or on another national securities exchange. Listing on one of the
Nasdaq markets or one of the national securities exchanges is subject to a variety of requirements, including minimum trading price and
minimum public float requirements. There are also continuing eligibility requirements for companies listed on national
securities exchanges. If we are unable to satisfy the initial or continuing eligibility requirements of any such market, then our stock
may not be listed or could be delisted. This could result in a lower trading price for our common stock and may limit the ability of
our stockholders to sell their shares, which could result in a loss of some or all of their investments. 

If
we fail to file periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, our common stock will not be able to be traded on
the OTCQB. 

Although
our common stock trades on the OTCQB, a regular trading market for our common stock may not be sustained in the future. OTC Markets limits
quotation on the OTCQB to securities of issuers that are current in their reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
If we fail to remain current in the filing of our reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, our common stock will not be able
to be traded on the OTCQB. We have experienced a limited period within which we failed to remain current in the filing of this Report
on Form 10-K. The OTCQB is an inter-dealer market that provides significantly less liquidity than a national securities exchange or automated
quotation system. 

Because
we have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock, stockholders must look solely to appreciation of our common stock to realize a
gain on their investments. 

We
do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings,
if any, to finance the expansion of our business. Our future dividend policy is within the discretion of our board of directors and will
depend upon numerous factors, including our business, financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and investment
opportunities. Accordingly, stockholders must look solely to appreciation of our common stock to realize a gain on their investment.
This appreciation may not occur. 

Certain
provisions of Nevada law and of our governing documents may inhibit a potential acquisition of our company, and this could negatively
impact our stock price. 

Nevada
corporate law and our governing documents include provisions that could delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our company or
our management. These provisions could discourage information contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors
and take other corporate actions. As a result, these provisions could limit the price that investors are willing to pay in the future
for shares of our common stock. For example: 

without
 prior stockholder approval, our board of directors has the authority to issue one or more
 classes of preferred stock with rights senior to those of our common stock and to determine
 the rights, privileges, and preferences of that preferred stock; 

there
 is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less than
 a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; and 

only
 our board of directors or stockholders holding at least 25 of the outstanding capital stock
 of the Company can call a special meeting of stockholders. 

Our
indemnification of our directors and officers may limit the rights of our stockholders. 

While
our board of directors and officers are generally accountable to our stockholders and us, the liability of our directors and officers
to all parties is limited in certain respects under applicable state law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws, as in effect.
Further, we have agreed or may agree to indemnify our directors and officers against liabilities not attributable to certain limited
circumstances. This limitation of liability and indemnity may limit rights that our stockholders would otherwise have to seek redress
against our directors and officers. 

Conversion
of existing convertible notes purchased by DBR Capital could cause additional substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Under
the terms of its convertible notes, DBR Capital has the right to convert an aggregate of 3.3 million in principal of convertible notes
into shares of our common stock at a conversion price of 0.007 per share. Even exclusive of interest that could accrue on these notes,
conversion of just the outstanding principal of these notes would result in the issuance to DBR Capital of approximately 471 million
additional shares of our common stock. Substantial additional dilution could be experienced by our shareholders should DBR Capital advance
and ultimately convert additional notes up to of 7.7 million on or before December 31, 2024. 

17 

Special
Governance Rights included within DBR Capital s investments enable DBR Capital to retain significant control of the Company for
the foreseeable future. 

In
connection with its investment, DBR Capital, LLC, has been accorded certain special governance rights, including the right to appoint
four of our seven directors, and to require that certain capital, financial and other material actions of our board of directors be approved
by at least one DBR Capital-appointed director, who shall be David B. Rothrock if he is then serving as a director. The special governance
rights shall remain in place for so long as DBR Capital holds a convertible note or any of our other securities. 

Additional
issuances of stock options and warrants, convertible notes, and stock grants will cause additional substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Given
our growth plans, and given our current limited cash resources, it is possible that in the future we will need to issue additional warrants,
stock grants, and convertible debt to finance our future business operations and acquisitions and strategic relationships. The issuance
of additional shares of common stock, the exercise of warrants, and the conversion of debt to stock could cause additional dilution to
our stockholders and could have further adverse effects on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing.
The 2018 increase in our authorized common shares from two billion to ten billion increased the magnitude of this risk substantially. 

We
may be caused to issue a substantial number of shares of our common stock to our former Chief Executive Officer if our attempts to retire
his note in cash are unsuccessful. 

We
issued a promissory note to our former Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Cammarata, which, following certain modifications, on or about
March 30, 2021 was restated in the principal amount of 1,550,000 (the Cammarata Note ). Although not originally convertible,
as per the March 30, 2021 amendment, the Cammarata Note became convertible at 0.02 per share, Thereafter, effective September 21, 2021
and following another modification, the conversion price under the Cammarata Note was reduced to 0.008 per share. During February 2022,
we provided 30 days notice of our intent to retire and repay the Cammarata Note in cash. Having not timely received a properly
executed conversion notice within the proscribed period, and citing certain other damages incurred by us arising from Mr. Cammarata s
ongoing legal proceedings, on or about March 31, 2022, we tendered to Mr. Cammarata cash payment in full for the Cammarata Note. As of
the date of this Report, Mr. Cammarata has not accepted our tender of the cash payment, and instead has asserted his entitlement to exercise
his right to convert the Cammarata Note into our common shares. Although we believe that our cash tender was appropriate under the terms
of the Cammarata Note and otherwise at law, if Mr. Cammarata elects to challenge our cash tender in a court proceeding, and if we are
unable to sustain our legal position on the matter, Mr. Cammarata could receive up to approximately 203 million shares of our common
stock upon conversion of the Cammarata Note. 

The
amount of authorized common stock may result in management implementing anti-takeover procedures by issuing new securities. 

The
proportion of unissued authorized shares to issued shares could, under certain circumstances, have an anti-takeover effect, for example,
by permitting issuances that would dilute the stock ownership of a person seeking to effect a change in the composition of our board
of directors or contemplating a tender offer or other transaction for the combination of our company with another entity. Although, we
have no current plans to issue additional stock for this purpose, management could use the additional shares that are now available or
that may be available after a possible further recapitalization to resist or frustrate a third-party transaction. Generally, no stockholder
approval would be necessary for the issuance of all or any portion of the additional shares of common stock unless required by law or
any rules or regulations to which we are subject. 

Our
stockholders may not recoup all or any portion of their investment upon our dissolution. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of our company, whether voluntary or involuntary, our net remaining proceeds and/or
assets, after paying all of our debts and liabilities, will be distributed to the holders of common stock on a pro-rata basis. We cannot
assure that we will have available assets to pay to the holders of common stock any amounts upon such a liquidation, dissolution, or
winding-up of our company. In this event, our stockholders could lose some or all of their investment. 

Negative
publicity may have an adverse effect on our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

Unfavorable
publicity on our business or products, particularly associated with the ongoing regulatory matters with the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the recent termination of our former CEO following the announcement of civil and criminal charges filed against him in connection
with activities unrelated to Investview and its businesses, could negatively impact our reputation, our ability to attract, motivate,
and retain members and distributors, and our ability to generate revenue. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

18 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters are located at 521 West Lancaster Avenue, Second Floor, Haverford, Pennsylvania 19041 and are being leased under
a two-year lease agreement that will expire in December 2024. Our iGenius LLC headquarters are located at 459 North 300 West, #15, Kaysville,
Utah 84037 and is on a month-to-month lease. Our SAFETek, LLC headquarters are located at 2925 E Davis Street, Conroe, Texas 77301 and
are being leased under a 24-month lease agreement that will expire in June 2023. We lease office space for our CFO and an employee which
is located at 386 Main Street, #212, Wyckoff, New Jersey 07481 and is being leased under a 24.5-month lease agreement that will expire
in July 2023. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

In
the ordinary course of business, we may be or have been involved in legal proceedings from time to time; however, we do not anticipate
that the outcome of such matters and disputes will materially affect our financial statements. 

None
of our directors, officers, or affiliates is involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or has a material interest adverse to our
business. 

We
are not involved in any material legal proceedings, however, during November 2021, we received a subpoena from the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC for the production of documents. We have reason to believe that the focus of the SEC s
inquiry involves whether certain federal securities laws were violated in connection with, among other things, the offer and sale of
our now discontinued Apex sale and leaseback program, the operation of our direct selling network now known as iGenius, and the offer
and sale of cryptocurrency products. In the subpoena, the SEC advised that the investigation does not mean that the SEC has concluded
that we or anyone else has violated federal securities laws and or any other law. We believe that we have complied at all times with
the federal securities laws. However, we are aware of the evolving SEC commentary and rulemaking process relative to the characterization
of cryptocurrency products under federal securities laws that is sweeping through a large number of businesses that operate within the
cryptocurrency sector. We have cooperated fully with the SEC s investigation and will continue to work with outside counsel to
review the matter. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not
applicable 

 PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the symbol INVU. 

As
of March 24, 2023, we had approximately 730 stockholders of record of our common stock and 2,636,275,719 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Dividends 

Holders
of shares of common stock are entitled to share pro rata in dividends and distributions for the common stock when, as, and if declared
by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain
earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. Future dividend policy is subject to the discretion of the
board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including future revenues, capital requirements, overall financial condition,
and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

19 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to our financial statements included
elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as noted by use of the words believe, 
 expect, plan, project, estimate, and similar expressions are used, they identify
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current beliefs and assumptions and information
currently available to management, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual results,
performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these
forward-looking statements can be found elsewhere in this Report and in our periodic reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. The forward-looking statements included are made only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we have no
obligation and do not undertake to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date of the report. 

Overview 

We
operate a financial technology (FinTech) services company in several different businesses. We deliver multiple products and services
through a direct selling network of independent distributors that offer our products and services through a subscription-based revenue
model to a large base of customers that we refer to as members . Through this business we provide research, education, and
investment tools designed to assist the self-directed investor in successfully navigating the financial markets. These services include
research and trade alerts regarding equities, options, FOREX, ETFs, binary options, and cryptocurrency sector education. In addition
to trading tools and research, we also offer full education and software applications to assist the individual in debt reduction, increased
savings, budgeting, and proper tax management. Each product subscription includes a core set of trading tools and research along with
the personal finance management suite to provide an individual with complete access to the information necessary to cultivate and manage
his or her financial situation. In addition to our education subscriptions, through a distribution arrangement we have with a third party,
we have provided our members with an opportunity to purchase through such third party, a specialty form of adaptive digital currency
called ndau . Through our direct selling network, we reward our distributors with commissions under a standard bonus plan
that allows for discretionary bonuses based on performance. We also operate a blockchain technology business that provides leading-edge
research, development, and FinTech services involving the management of digital asset technologies with a focus on Bitcoin mining and
the new generation of digital assets. As well, in order to, among other things, commercialize on the proprietary trading platform we
recently acquired from MPower Trading Systems, LLC, take advantage of the market s increasing acceptance and expansion of the ownership
and use of digital currencies as an investable asset class, subject to applicable regulatory limitations, and to proactively respond
to increasing regulatory scrutiny relative to cryptocurrency products, we have adopted a growth plan that contemplates the creation of
a financial services business that will include self-directed brokerage services, institutional trade execution services, innovative
advisory services (RIA, CTA), and codeless algorithmic trading technologies, which will operate under our recently formed subsidiary,
Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC IFGH ). Towards that end, during March 2021, we entered into an agreement to acquire
a brokerage firm from an affiliate of our former Chief Executive Officer. However, due to complications relating to Mr. Cammarata s
then ongoing legal proceedings, even though unrelated to the Company, we were caused to terminate this agreement during 2022, and continue
our search for alternative acquisitions within the brokerage industry. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

While
COVID-19 related supply chain issues continue to create challenges for us in acquiring supplies and equipment for SAFETek, we have successfully
sourced new equipment, repaired existing equipment and expanded our operations to include repair of third-party equipment and the creation
of mobile mining trailers and containers. 

COVID-19
related travel challenges also impacted iGenius distribution and marketing operations, however, the member base quickly adapted and leveraged
on-line meeting services which in turn expanded interest and attention. 

Both
the supply chain issues and travel-related challenges as a result of the worldwide pandemic remain today, but we anticipate these lessening
as worldwide vaccines increase and employees return to work. 

Recent
Planned and Completed Acquisitions 

During
2021, we planned a series of transformational acquisitions as part of our overall strategy to expand the scope of our business into the
financial services sector. 

First,
on March 22, 2021, we entered into agreements to purchase 100 of the operating assets of SSA Technologies LLC SSA ), an
entity that owns and operates a FINRA-registered broker-dealer controlled and partially owned by Joseph Cammarata, our former Chief Executive
Officer. Pursuant to these agreements, we agreed to acquire the SSA assets, including, principally, the broker-dealer, for the issuance
of non-voting membership interests in our wholly owned subsidiary, Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC IFGH ), which
are in the future redeemable for 242,000,000 Investview common shares on a one-for-one basis. 

20 

Contemporaneously, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreement to acquire the operating assets and intellectual property rights of MPower Trading Systems
LLC MPower ), a company controlled and partially owned by David B. Rothrock and James R. Bell, two of our board members.
Included within the acquisition was Prodigio, a proprietary software-based trading platform with applications within the brokerage industry.
In consideration for the acquisition of such assets, we agreed to issue non-voting Class B membership interests in our wholly owned subsidiary,
IFGH, which are in the future redeemable for 565,000,000 Investview common shares on a one-for-one basis (the Class B Redeemable
Units ). The Class B Redeemable Units to be issued in the transaction are being held under and subject to a lock-up agreement in
which resale of the Investview common shares is substantially restricted through 2025. Messrs. Bell and Rothrock, managers and principal
equity holders of MPower, are also members of our Board of Directors. Following full disclosure of their interest, the transaction was
approved by the full Investview Board of Directors, including unanimous support by its then independent directors. The purchase price
for the MPower assets was determined through negotiations with the Investview directors without a conflicting interest in the transaction,
and was based generally on the perceived deeply discounted commercial fair market value of the Class B Redeemable Units exchanged in
the transaction on the date of the original Securities Purchase Agreement in March 2021, taking into account, among others, the then
limited liquidity and volatility associated with the Company s shares into which the Class B Units were redeemable, as well as
the impact of a cumulative lock-up period that substantially restricted the resale of the shares through 2025. 

The
acquisition of the operating assets and intellectual property rights of MPower was completed on September 3, 2021. However, due to delays
and complications relating to Mr. Cammarata s then ongoing legal proceedings, even though unrelated to the Company, we were caused
to terminate the agreement to acquire the SSA assets during 2022 and continue our search for alternative acquisitions within the brokerage
industry. The acquisition of MPower was not expected to be immediately accretive to our results; however, together with our planned acquisition
of the SSA registered broker-dealer (or another broker-dealer if the SSA acquisition is not consummated), it was expected to become a
fundamental part of an overall strategy to create our new Brokerage and Financial Markets business. We still believe this to be possible,
however, we will need to acquire a registered broker-dealer, if at all possible, to attempt to realize the expected synergistic value
of the MPower assets. 

Other
material developments during 2021 and 2022 

In
addition to the achievements above, the Company also completed the following strategic actions: 

5/5/2021
 All Founders, Executives, Insiders and Key Shareholders signed a Voluntary Lock-Up Extension of their shares. 

6/6/2021
 Ralph R. Valvano was hired as the Company s Chief Financial Officer expanding the Corporate Finance Team with Jayme McWidener
named as the Chief Accounting Officer. 

7/20/21
 SAFETek, LLC successfully opened a State-of-the-Art ASIC Bitcoin Miner Repair Center and Digital-Asset Network-Operations-Center
Facility in Texas USA. 

8/22/2021
 We completed a public offering of approximately 6.3 million of Units consisting of: (i) one share of our Series B Preferred
Stock and (ii) five warrants each exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.10 per warrant share.
Holders of our Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the annual rate of 13 per annum of the stated
value, equal to 3.25 per annum per share. Each Warrant is immediately exercisable on the date of issuance and will expire 5 years from
the date of issuance. 

Q1-2022
 We restructured our Board of Directors and executive management team. This occurred as we entered into a Separation and Release
Agreement with two of our former Directors and executive officers and following the termination of our former CEO in Q4-2021 in light
of pending government charges relating to an outside business venture that was totally unrelated to the Company. This was accomplished
in conjunction with the appointment of personnel that offers extensive experience and offer a track record of business achievements that
we expect will support the Company s future initiatives. On February 23, 2022, we announced the restructuring of our executive
leadership with the February 10, 2022 appointment of Victor M. Oviedo as the Company s new Chief Executive Officer and as a director;
the appointment of David B. Rothrock as Chairman of the Board of Directors and chair of our Up-listing Initiative Sub-Committee; the
transition of James R. Bell from acting Chief Executive Officer to President and Chief Operating Officer, and the appointment
of Myles Gill as Director of Operations, all of which were effective as of February 22, 2022. 

Q1-2022
 Our Board of Directors approved the Investview, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan which provides a variety of incentive awards consisting
of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and reserves for issuance up to 600,000,000 shares of Investview common
stock. 

Q1-2022
 We adopted a Clawback and Forfeiture Policy in general conformity with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 pursuant to which we may
recover any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation and certain profits realized from the sale of our securities
from our current and former executives. 

21 

Q2-2022
 Investview, Inc. (the Company we terminated the Stock Purchase Agreements dated March 22, 2021, under which the
Company was to acquire a broker-dealer from SSA, an affiliate of the Company s former CEO, Joseph Cammarata, due to complications
relating to Mr. Cammarata s then ongoing legal proceedings, even though unrelated to the Company, and announced our search for
alternative acquisitions within the brokerage industry. 

Q2-2022
 We restructured unvested incentive equity awards previously granted to our senior leadership team by which our senior management
team and board of directors surrendered and terminated an aggregate of approximately 288 million outstanding unvested restricted shares
in exchange for the issuance of options to purchase approximately 360 million shares, vesting in equal amounts over a five-year period,
at an exercise price of 0.05 per share, or approximately a 66 premium over the closing price of the Company s shares on Thursday,
June 23, 2022. Of particular note, the shares issuable, if at all, upon exercise of the options, remain subject to the terms of the Company s
existing lock-up agreement through April 2025. 

Results
of Operations 

The
results of operations presented and marked for the year ended December 31, 2021, as unaudited below are based on a pro
forma combination of our unaudited results for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, together with the audited results for the nine-months
ended December 31, 2021. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 

(unaudited) 

Subscription revenue, net of refunds, incentives, credits, and chargebacks 
 48,260,197 
 48,868,170 
 (607,973 
 
 Mining revenue 
 11,796,215 
 31,393,816 
 (19,597,601 
 
 Mining equipment repair revenue 
 172,056 
 7,460 
 164,596 
 
 Cryptocurrency revenue 
 1,614,568 
 9,014,172 
 (7,399,604 
 
 Fee revenue 
 5,868 
 2,032 
 3,836 
 
 Total revenue, net 
 61,848,904 
 89,285,650 
 (27,436,746 

Revenue, net, decreased 27,436,746, or 31 , from
 89,285,650 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 61,848,904 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease can be explained by
a 608 thousand decrease in our net subscription revenue, a 19.6 million decrease in our mining revenue, and a 7.4 million decrease
in our cryptocurrency revenue. The 608 thousand (1 decrease in subscription revenue and 7.4 million decrease in cryptocurrency revenue
was due to the overall global financial markets experiencing unprecedented volatility and decline. With key cryptocurrency players like
FTX, Voyager, BlockFi, and Celcius filing chapter 11 or bankruptcy and the S P returning historic lows in 2022, demand for our iGenius
subscription products and services slightly declined. In addition, the consistent negative news cycle regarding inflation and financial
markets created increased selling friction for our distributors as they faced the similar market fears and sentiment. The 19.6 million
(62 decrease in mining revenue was primarily the result of the 40.56 decrease in the average price of Bitcoin in 2022 (2022 average
price of 28 thousand vs an average price of 47 thousand in 2021) as well as, an increase of 49.56 in the average Bitcoin mining difficulty
level from 20.36 terahash in 2021 to 30.45 terahash in 2022. 

Operating
Costs 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Increase 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 

(unaudited) 

Cost of sales and service 
 8,249,790 
 9,005,865 
 (756,075 
 
 Commissions 
 26,986,048 
 34,212,733 
 (7,226,685 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 58,617 
 104,313 
 (45,696 
 
 Salary and related 
 7,441,829 
 5,136,292 
 2,305,537 
 
 Professional fees 
 2,615,016 
 2,224,773 
 390,243 
 
 Impairment expense 
 14,632,823 
 674,671 
 13,958,152 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 3,975 
 719,342 
 (715,367 
 
 Loss (gain) on disposal of assets 
 (266,838 
 (12,927 
 (253,911 
 
 General and administrative 
 10,740,430 
 60,888,350 
 (50,147,920 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 70,461,690 
 112,953,412 
 (42,491,722 

22 

Operating costs decreased 42,491,722, or 38 , from
 112,953,412 for the year ended December 31, 2021, to 70,461,690 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We experienced a decrease in our
cost of sales and services of 756 thousand primarily to the closure and consolidation of our Colorado Bitcoin mining facility in 2021
into our Iceland based Bitcoin mining hosting facility. We recorded a decrease in commissions of 7.2 million which was due to overall
decreases in subscription and cryptocurrency sales activity during the year. We recorded a decrease in general and administrative costs
of 50.1 million which could mostly be explained by 51.6 million worth of general and administrative costs recognized in the year ended
December 31, 2021 that was attributable to a non-recurring and non-cash charge arising from the manner in which the acquisition of the
Prodigio Smart Trading Platform, as well as the other operating assets and intellectual property rights of MPower Trading Systems, LLC,
was accounted for in our financial statements We recorded an increase in salary and related costs of 2.3 million due to additional employees
hired during 2022 and the launch of a common stock option program. We recorded 719 thousand in bad debt expense for the year ended 2021
due to one of our merchants going out of business, with no similar scenarios in the current year. We also recorded an increase in our
impairment expense of 14 million, as during the year ended December 31, 2022, we impaired 6 million worth of fixed asset mining equipment
wrote-off 676 thousand worth of inventory, 690 thousand worth of other assets, and 7.2 million worth of intangible assets due to our
concern with recoverability of the Prodigio Smart Trading Platform. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

(unaudited) 

Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment 
 455 
 979,268 
 (978,813 
 
 Gain (loss) on fair value of derivative liability 
 44,945 
 168,194 
 (123,249 
 
 Realized gain (loss) on cryptocurrency 
 (1,575,164 
 1,815,294 
 (3,390,458 
 
 Interest expense 
 (18,750 
 (22,529 
 3,779 
 
 Interest expense, related parties 
 (2,650,324 
 (2,653,477 
 3,153 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 193,235 
 (42,020 
 235,255 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (4,005,603 
 244,730 
 (4,250,333 

We recorded other expense of 4,005,603 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, which was a difference of 4,250,333, or 1737 , from the prior period other income of 244,730. The changes due
to smaller gains on debt extinguishment 455 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 979 thousand for the year ended December
31, 2021) and on the fair value of derivative liability 45 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 168 thousand for
the year ended December 31, 2021) plus a loss on cryptocurrency of 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 versus a 1.8 million
gain for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we met our short-and long-term working capital and capital expenditure requirements, including funding
for operations, capital expenditures, growth initiatives, and for dividends on our Series B Preferred Stock, through net cash flows provided
by operating activities. We believe we will have sufficient resources, including cash flow from operations and access to capital markets,
to meet debt service obligations in a timely manner and be able to meet our objectives. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded
a net loss of 12,944,944, however, this was mostly due to our non-cash impairment expense of 14.6 million that was recorded to write-off
 6 million worth of fixed assets, 676 thousand worth of inventory, 690 thousand worth of other assets, and 7.2 million worth of intangible
assets. The impairment was due to disposals, assets being abandoned, and, in some cases, an estimate of expected future cash flows that
was less than the assets carrying value. The impairment expense was a non-cash charge that had no impact on our cash flow or our liquidity
and capital resources. After excluding the 14.6 million impairment expense, we were able to show net income from operations of 1.7 million
and we showed 9.4 million of cash provided by our operating activities. We used this cash from operations, along with cash on hand, to
fund the purchase of 15.3 million worth of fixed assets and to make payments for our financing activities of 6.3 million. As a result,
our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash decreased by 11,128,008 to 21,488,898 as compared to 32,616,906 at the beginning of
the fiscal year. As of December 31, 2022 we have a working capital balance of 14,249,427 and our unrestricted cryptocurrency balance
was reported at 2,360,957. 

23 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

At
December 31, 2022, we had related party debt of approximately 2 million and debt of approximately 8.4 million of which we owe 7.9
million to the holders of long-term notes that we issued in connection with a lease buyback program we initiated in September
2020. 

Through
June 2020, we sold high powered data processing equipment APEX to our customers, and they leased the equipment back to
us on terms sufficient for the customers to recover their investment and an agreed upon return on their investment. On June 30, 2020,
we temporarily discontinued the APEX program to assess the impact on the Company of COVID-19 related delays in the manufacturing and
shipping of the APEX processing equipment, and to determine our ability to meet the lease commitments in light of such delays. Having
concluded that we would be unable to meet the APEX lease obligations, in September 2020, we commenced a buyback program in which we offered
to repurchase such equipment and cancel the existing lease, by way of a 48-month promissory note that included repayment terms to ensure
an agreed-upon return on their initial purchase price. As a result of the buyback program, we entered into notes with third parties totaling
 19,089,500 and notes with related parties of 237,720 in exchange for 474,155 worth of customer advances on the APEX leases and the
release of 22,889,331 of the net APEX lease liability. 

We
agreed to settle a portion of the debt during the year ended March 31, 2021, at a discount to the original note terms offered, by making
lump sum payments, issuing 48,000,000 shares of our common stock, issuing 49,418 shares of our preferred stock, and issuing cryptocurrency.
The remaining notes are all due December 31, 2024 and have a fixed monthly payment that is equal to 75 of the face value of the note,
divided by 48 months. The monthly payments began the last day of January 2021 and continue until December 31, 2024 when the last monthly
payment will be made, along with a balloon payment equal to 25 of the face value of the note, to extinguish the remaining balance of
the debt. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we repaid a portion of the debt with cash payments of 973,000 and issuances of cryptocurrency
valued at 2.0 million. 

Included
in the then discontinued Apex sale and leaseback program was a total protection plus TPP program administered and managed
by a third-party provider, an affiliate of a global insurance brokerage firm. According to marketing and legal documents provided by
the third-party provider, the TPP program would function as a supplemental financial guaranty by providing the Apex program customers
with protection for the purchase price of such equipment, which could be redeemed by the customer by exercising an option for a cash
payout to be paid by the third-party provider after a certain period of time, either 5 or 10 years. The premium for the TPP program was
included in the Apex program, at no additional cost to the customer. We have also historically offered our iGenius members the opportunity
to participate in a TPP program administered and managed by such third-party provider in connection with such members purchases
of ndau through the Oneiro ndau distribution program. According to marketing and legal documents provided by the third-party provider,
the TPP would function to provide a supplemental financial guaranty for the purchase price of the ndau. Customers could redeem such protection
by exercising an option for a cash payout to be paid by the third-party provider after 5 or 10 years. 

During
the fourth calendar quarter of 2021, we suspended any further offering of the TPP program in connection with the sale of ndau after the
third-party provider was unable to comply with our standard vendor compliance protocols, citing certain offshore confidentiality entitlements.
That suspension has remained in place as we have been unable to further validate the continued integrity of the TPP program and the vendor s
ability to honor its commitments to our members. We cannot ensure that such third-party provider will comply with its contractual requirements,
which could cause our members to not achieve the level of return on their investments expected, and possibly expose us to claims that
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect our reported assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Future events, however, may differ markedly from our current expectations and assumptions.
While there are several significant accounting policies affecting our consolidated financial statements; we believe the following critical
accounting policies involves the most complex, difficult, and subjective estimates and judgments. 

Basis
of Accounting 

Our
policy is to prepare our financial statements on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Prior to September 20, 2021 we operated the Company on a March 31, fiscal year end. Effective September
30, 2021 we changed our fiscal year to December 31. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Investview, Inc., and our wholly owned subsidiaries: iGenius, LLC (formerly
Kuvera, LLC), Kuvera France S.A.S (through its closure date in June of 2021), Apex Tek, LLC (formerly Razor Data, LLC), SAFETek, LLC
(formerly WealthGen Global, LLC), United Games, LLC, United League, LLC, Investment Tools Training, LLC, iGenius Global LTD (formerly
Kuvera (N.I.) LTD), Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC, and Investview MTS, LLC. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

24 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of these financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Subscription
Revenue 

Most
of our revenue is generated by subscription sales and payment is received at the time of purchase. We recognize subscription revenue
in accordance with ASC 606-10 where revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract with a customer and recognized
when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. Our performance obligation is to provide services over a fixed
subscription period; therefore, we recognize revenue ratably over the subscription period and deferred revenue is recorded for the portion
of the subscription period subsequent to each reporting date. Additionally, we offer a designated trial period to first time subscription
customers, during which a full refund can be requested if a customer does not wish to continue with the subscription. Revenues are deferred
during the trial period as collection is not probable until that time has passed. Revenues are presented net of refunds, sales incentives,
credits, and known and estimated credit card chargebacks. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our deferred revenues were 2,074,574 and
 3,288,443, respectively. 

Mining
Revenue 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary, SAFETek, LLC, we leased equipment under a sales-type lease through June of 2020. In June of 2020 we cancelled
all leases and purchased all of the rights and obligations under the leases, which included obtaining ownership of all equipment. We
use the equipment on blockchain networks to validate and add blocks of transactions to blockchain ledgers (commonly referred to as mining ).
As compensation for mining we are issued fees from processors and/or block rewards that are newly created cryptocurrency units granted
to us. Our mining activities constitute our ongoing major and central operations of SAFETek, LLC. Because we do not have contracts, nor
do we have customers associated with our mining revenue, we recognize revenue when fees and/or rewards are settled, or ultimately granted
to us as a result of our mining activities. 

Cryptocurrency
Revenue 

We
generate revenue from the sale of cryptocurrency packages to our customers through an arrangement with third-party suppliers. The various
packages include different amounts of coin with differing rates of returns and terms and, in some cases, prior to the fourth quarter
2021, included a product protection option that allows the purchaser to protect their initial purchase price. The protection purportedly
allowed the purchaser to obtain 50 of their purchase price at five years or 100 of their purchase price at ten years. Both the coin
and the protection option are delivered by third-party suppliers. However, during the fourth calendar quarter of 2021, we suspended any
further offering of the product protection option after the third-party provider was unable to comply with our standard vendor compliance
protocols, citing certain offshore confidentiality entitlements. That suspension has will remained in place as we have been unable until
we are able to further validate the continued integrity of that program and the vendor s ability to honor its commitments to our
members. 

We
recognize cryptocurrency revenue in accordance with ASC 606-10 where revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract
with a customer and recognized when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. Our performance obligation is to
arrange for the third-parties to provide coin to our customers and payment is received from our customers at the time of order placement.
All customers are given two weeks to request a refund, therefore we record a customer advance on our balance sheet upon receipt of payment.
After the two weeks have passed from order placement, we request our third-party suppliers to deliver coin, at which time we recognize
revenue and the amounts due to our suppliers on our books. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our customer advances related to cryptocurrency
revenue were 96,609 and 75,702, respectively. 

Mining
Equipment Repair Revenue 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary, SAFETek, LLC, we repair broken mining equipment for sale to third-party customers. We recognize miner equipment
repair revenue in accordance with ASC 606-10 where revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract with a customer
and recognized when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. Our performance obligation is to deliver the promised
goods to our customers. 

Digital
Wallet Revenue 

We
generate revenue from the sale of digital wallets to our customers through an arrangement with a third-party supplier. We offer three
tiers of wallets which include different features. The digital wallets are delivered by a third-party supplier. The sale of digital wallets to our customers was discontinued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

25 

We
recognize digital wallet revenue in accordance with ASC 606-10 where revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract
with a customer and recognized when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. Our performance obligation is to
arrange for the third-parties to provide the wallet to our customers and payment is received from our customers at the time of order
placement. 

Revenue
generated for the year ended December 31, 2022, was as follows: 

Subscription Revenue 
 Cryptocurrency Revenue 
 Mining Revenue 
 Mining Equipment Repair Revenue 
 Digital Wallet Revenue 
 Total 
 
 Gross billings/receipts 
 51,454,922 
 3,189,074 
 11,796,215 
 173,980 
 7,156 
 66,621,347 
 
 Refunds, incentives, credits, and chargebacks 
 (3,194,725 
 - 
 - 
 (1,924 
 - 
 (3,196,649 
 
 Amounts paid to supplier 
 - 
 (1,574,506 
 - 
 - 
 (1,288 
 (1,575,794 
 
 Net revenue 
 48,260,197 
 1,614,568 
 11,796,215 
 172,056 
 5,868 
 61,848,904 

Foreign
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 42.3 million while domestic revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022 was approximately 19.5 million. 

Revenue
generated for the nine months ended December 31, 2021, was as follows: 

Subscription Revenue 
 Cryptocurrency Revenue 
 Mining Revenue 
 Mining Equipment Repair Revenue 
 Total 
 
 Gross billings/receipts 
 43,658,422 
 20,199,388 
 23,056,457 
 7,460 
 86,921,727 
 
 Refunds, incentives, credits, and chargebacks 
 (2,739,969 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2,739,969 
 
 Amounts paid to supplier 
 - 
 (11,950,078 
 - 
 - 
 (11,950,078 
 
 Net revenue 
 40,918,453 
 8,249,310 
 23,056,457 
 7,460 
 72,231,680 

Foreign
revenues for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 were approximately 41.3 million while domestic revenue for the nine months ended
December 31, 2021 was approximately 30.9 million. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

We
have noted no recently issued accounting pronouncements that we have not yet adopted that we believe are applicable or would have a material
impact on our financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
revenues, and results of operations, liquidity, or capital expenditures. 

Trends,
Risks, and Uncertainties 

We
have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent,
any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should
carefully consider all such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. 

Cautionary
Factors That May Affect Future Results 

We
have sought to identify what we believe are significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any
of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. 

Potential
Fluctuations in Annual Operating Results 

Our
annual operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of a variety of factors, most of which are outside our
control, including: the demand for our products and services; seasonal trends in purchasing, the amount and timing of capital expenditures;
price competition or pricing changes in the market; technical difficulties or system downtime; and general economic conditions. 

26 

Our
annual results may also be significantly impacted by the accounting treatment of acquisitions, financing transactions, or other matters.
Particularly at our early stage of development, such accounting treatment can have a material impact on the results for any quarter.
Due to the foregoing factors, among others, it is likely that our operating results may fall below our expectations or those of investors
in some future quarter. 

Management
of Growth 

We
may experience growth, which will place a strain on our managerial, operational, and financial systems resources. To accommodate our
current size and manage growth if it occurs, we must devote management attention and resources to improve our financial strength and
our operational systems. Further, we will need to expand, train, and manage our sales and distribution base. There is no guarantee that
we will be able to effectively manage our existing operations or the growth of our operations, or that our facilities, systems, procedures,
or controls will be adequate to support any future growth. Our ability to manage our operations and any future growth will have a material
effect on our stockholders. 

Companies
trading on the OTCQB tier of OTC Markets, such as us, must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ), and must be current in their reports under Section 13, to maintain price quotation privileges
on the OTCQB tier. If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB tier. As a result,
the market liquidity for our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities
and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
financial statements begin on Page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed in our periodic
reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial
officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) under
the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation management concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), our management conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
While our initial assessment, completed on December 31, 2022 deemed internal controls effective, based upon a further evaluation of market
conditions during our annual audit, which was conducted subsequent to December 31, 2022, we modified managements initial estimates and
projections used in our asset impairment in a manner that caused audit adjustments. Accordingly, management concluded there was a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022, based on the COSO framework criteria, since management
lacked a formal policy of inputs in testing for impairment resulting in adjusting journal entries. 

27 

Management s
report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to Securities and Exchange Commission rules that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but
are not limited to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error
or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or
by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or
fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

During
the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David
 B. Rothrock 
 
 58 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Victor
 M. Oviedo 
 
 46 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 James
 Bell 
 
 57 
 
 President,
 Acting Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Myles
 Gill 
 
 49 
 
 Director
 of Operations 
 
 Ralph
 R. Valvano 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Jayme
 L. McWidener 
 
 44 
 
 Chief
 Accounting Officer 

David
B. Rothrock has extensive executive management, board, and operational expertise in the automobile industry, fintech, financial services,
residential and commercial real estate, property management, corporate financing, private equity, utility technology, environmental remediation
services, insurance, wine retail operations and distribution, and wealth management. Mr. Rothrock is the chief executive officer of DBR
Capital, LLC. Through his leadership, guidance, and vision, in key roles as president and chief executive officer of DBR Capital LLC,
MPower Trading Systems, LLC, Cedar Crest Partners G.P. LLC, and Rothrock Motors Sales, Inc. (a group of franchised automobile dealerships),
these businesses collectively generated over 300 million in annual sales revenue. Mr. Rothrock is an active board member of charitable
organizations that support breast cancer research and women s health and fitness as well as the arts and theater in Lehigh Valley,
PA. Mr. Rothrock has a B.S. in Business Management graduating Magna Cum Laude from Widener University and holds a J.D. from the New York
Law School with bar admittance to New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Mr. Rothrock was appointed to the Board at the request of DBR
Capital, LLC, pursuant to the terms of a Voting Agreement between DBR Capital and certain key holders of our common stock dated April
27, 2020 and amended November 9, 2020. Mr. Rothrock is the sole owner of DBR Capital, LLC. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. We believe Mr. Rothrock is qualified to serve as a director due to his executive management,
board, and operational expertise across multiple disciplines and industries. 

Victor
M. Oviedo has served for the past 4 years as co-founder and Managing Partner for StageLight Group, a strategic capital and advisory
firm which provides strategic capital to early and growth-stage companies. Previously, he was a Partner at SkyBridge Capital and Global
Head of Business Development Strategy where he was directly responsible for the firm s growth, international expansion, new
business development and brand strategy initiatives. During his 12-year tenure, he was instrumental in growing the firm s assets
from 300M to 14B, acquiring their flagship fund-of-fund business and creating launching the world-renowned SALT Conference. Prior
to joining SkyBridge, Mr. Oviedo was a Senior Consultant within Oliver Wyman s capital markets division where he focused on international
acquisitions and growth strategies for major financial institutions. In addition, he was a Manager of Strategic Growth for Kozmo 
a venture capital funded start-up. He began his career as an investment banker at Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette (DLJ) within the media
 communications team. Mr. Oviedo received an MBA in Finance Entrepreneurship from the Wharton School at the University of
Pennsylvania and a MA in Advance International Studies from the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) at Johns
Hopkins University. He also graduated with honors with a BSFS in International Economics from the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service
at Georgetown University. We believe Mr. Oviedo is qualified to serve as a director based on his role as our Chief Executive Officer
and his extensive management experience in the financial industry. 

James
R. Bell has extensive experience in financial management and operations with more than 30 years of experience in the capital markets.
Previously, as co-founder and chief executive officer of MPower Trading Systems, LCC, Mr. Bell was responsible for overseeing all principal
functions of the firm, including corporate strategy and deployment of initiatives, product, and partnerships. Mr. Bell has been at the
forefront of online trading since its infancy. Prior to co-founding MPower in 2004, Mr. Bell served as managing director of trading development
of thinkorswim-TD Ameritrade, Inc. from 2002-2011, where he led the company s product and technology team to develop client digital
content. Mr. Bell is co-founder and passive investor of Shadow Trader Technologies, which provides real-time digital financial research
and education content to TD Ameritrade/Charles Schwab (2004-present). Prior to MPower, Mr. Bell also co-founded B/C Interactive Trading
Technologies in 2001, which was ultimately sold to MPower in 2004. Prior to B/C, Mr. Bell served as SVP of Janney Montgomery Scott, and
before that position, with Morgan Stanley. Mr. Bell studied economics and business management at Frostburg State University. Mr. Bell
holds multiple business accreditations and previously held securities licenses, including FINRA Series 7, FINRA Series 55, and FINRA
Series 63. Mr. Bell was appointed to the Board at the request of DBR Capital, LLC, pursuant to the terms of a Voting Agreement between
DBR Capital and certain key holders of our common stock dated April 27, 2020 and amended November 9, 2020. We believe Mr. Bell is qualified
to serve as a director due to his extensive experience in financial management and operations. 

29 

Myles
P. Gill has held several key leadership roles and brings significant knowledge and expertise in various disciplines following an
18-year career that began as a Naval Officer. From 2017 -2021, Mr. Gill had been President/ CIO for Mannis Operations Group, a private
family office. In that role, Mr. Gill provided strategic direction, vision, leadership, and management in all functional areas (including
investments, operations, environmental, social, governance, trust and estate planning/compliance, risk management, legal, human resources)
for a 2B AUM, 23 entity single-family office. Mr. Gill earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics and Oceanography as a Naval
Officer from the United States Naval Academy. 

Ralph
R. Valvano has over 26 years of global finance and transformation experience in the financial services industry. Mr. Valvano s
prior experience included the positions of CFO/COO of J.C. Flowers Asset Management, part of a 15 billion-dollar private equity firm,
Financial Operations and Principal (FinOp) of J.C. Flowers Securities, a FINRA registered broker-dealer, and CFO of Flowers National
Bank NA. Prior to that Mr. Valvano held various roles at JPMorgan Chase Co. and ended his tenure as the Global Investment Bank
Management Controller. Mr. Valvano began his career as a financial services auditor for PricewaterhouseCoopers. He earned a BS in Accounting
from William Paterson University, a MS in Tax from Fairleigh Dickinson University and obtained his CPA license in 1994. 

Jayme
L. McWidener earned her bachelor s degree and Masters of Business Administration from Drake University and became an auditor
for Cahaba GBA in 2001 before joining HJ Associates, LLC HJ in January 2004 as an audit staff member. She obtained
her CPA license in 2007 and worked at HJ focusing on auditing SEC reporting companies, eventually being promoted to an audit senior and
audit manager before she became a partner at HJ in January 2014. Ms. McWidener spent just over 2 years as a partner with HJ and with
its successor, Haynie Company. In April of 2016 she established Mac Accounting Group, LLP, specializing in PCAOB audits for SEC
reporting companies and AICPA audits for private companies in a variety of industries. 

Our
directors are elected for a term of one year and until their successors are qualified, nominated, and elected. We currently have four
vacancies on our board of directors. Two vacancies were created by the resignations of Mario Romano and Annette Raynor and two vacancies
have never been filled after we agreed to expand the size of the board of directors to seven members in connection with the investment
of DBR Capital, LLC. 

Role
of the Board 

It
is the paramount duty of the board to oversee our management in the competent and ethical operation of the company on a day-to-day basis
and to assure that the long-term interests of the shareholders are being served. To satisfy this duty, the directors take a proactive,
focused approach to their position, and set standards to ensure that we are committed to business success through maintenance of ambitious
standards of responsibility and ethics. 

The
board of directors met formally seven times and acted by written consent four times during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Special
Governance Rights Associated with the Investment of DBR Capital, LLC 

In
connection with its investment, DBR Capital, LLC, has been accorded certain special governance rights, including the right to appoint
four of our seven director s positions (of which, four remain vacant) so long as it holds a convertible note or any of our other
securities. The investment agreements also require that certain capital, financial and other material actions of our board of directors
be approved by at least one DBR Capital-appointed director, who shall be David B. Rothrock if he is then serving as a director. DBR Capital
appointed David B. Rothrock and James R. Bell to two of its four nominee positions, with the other two nominee positions remaining vacant.
If we default under the investment agreements, DBR Capital, LLC, will have the right remove any directors it did not appoint and appoint
its designees to fill all seven positions on the board of directors. 

Committees 

Our
business, property, and affairs are managed by or under the direction of the board of directors. Members of the board are kept informed
of our business through discussion with the chief executive and financial officers and other officers, by reviewing materials provided
to them, and by participating at meetings of the board and its committees. 

Audit
Committee 

We
currently do not have a designated audit committee, and accordingly, our board of directors preapproves all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent auditor, including audit, audit-related, tax, and other services. Preapproval is generally provided
for up to one year, detailed as to the service or category of services, and subject to a specific budget. The independent auditor and
management are required to periodically report to our board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent
auditor in accordance with this preapproval and the fees for the services performed to date. The board of directors may also preapprove
particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
currently do not have a designated compensation committee, and accordingly, our board of directors will approve all compensation matters
until such committee is established and approved. 

30 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, and the directors, a copy of which is available in the Employee Handbook. We intend to disclose any changes in or
waivers from our code of ethics by posting such information on our website or by filing a Form 8-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of
our equity securities. Our officers, directors, and 10 stockholders made the required filings pursuant to Section 16(a) for all reports
required to be filed in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Directors 
Compensation 

Our
directors were awarded compensation for their services as directors as follows: 

On
November 9, 2020, David B. Rothrock was awarded board fees of 75,000 annually, to be paid in monthly amounts of 6,250, and 50,000,000
shares of restricted common stock to vest in equal amounts in November 2021, 2022, and 2023 (subjected to continued service on the board
of directors). In February 2022, Mr. Rothrock s board retainer was increased to 96,000 annually and we agreed to grant him an
additional 35,000,000 shares of restricted stock for his service as a director following the filing and effectiveness of a registration
statement on Form S-8. Those shares were to have vested over a five-year period. As part, however, of an overall restructuring of executive
compensation, during June 2022, Mr. Rothrock surrendered the unvested rights he had in and to 33,333,332 of the restricted shares he
was awarded during 2020 for future Board service, and all of the 35 million restricted shares we had agreed to issue to him in February
2022, in exchange for options to purchase an aggregate of 85,416,668 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of .05 per share.
The options are subject to vesting over a five-year period following the date of grant. 

On
November 9, 2020, James R. Bell was awarded board fees of 75,000 annually, to be paid in monthly amounts of 6,250, and 45,000,000 shares
of restricted common stock to vest in equal amounts in November 2021, 2022, and 2023 (subjected to continued service on the board of
directors). As part of an overall restructuring of executive compensation, during June 2022, Mr. Bell surrendered the unvested rights
he had in and to 30 million of the restricted shares he was awarded during 2020 for future Board service, in exchange for options to
purchase an aggregate of 37,500,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of .05 per share. The options are subject to vesting
over a five-year period following the date of grant. In addition, Mr. Bell also receives additional compensation for his services as an executive officer of the Company. 

In
February 2022, in addition to shares he was to receive for his service as an executive officer of the Company, we agreed to grant Victor
M. Oviedo 20,000,000 shares of restricted common stock for his service as a director once we filed and secured effectiveness of a registration
statement on Form S-8. Those shares were to have vested over a five-year period. However, as part of an overall restructuring of executive
compensation, during June 2022, Mr. Oviedo surrendered the unvested rights he had in and to the 20 million restricted shares we had previously
agreed to issue to him, in exchange for options to purchase an aggregate of 25 million shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of .05 per share. The options are subject to vesting over a five-year period following the date of grant. In addition, Mr. Oviedo also receives additional compensation for his services as an executive officer of the Company. 

Executive
Officers Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation earned by our chief executive officer and to
other persons who served as executive officers as, at, or during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine-month transition period
ended December 31, 2021 (the named executive officers ), for services as executive officers for the last two periods. 

31 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Period/Year
 Ended 
 Salary 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Option
 Awards 
 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change
 in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 Victor
 Oviedo [1] 
 12/31/2022 
 371,441 
 - 
 
 451,639 
 [2] 
 - 
 - 
 9,610 
 [3] 
 832,690 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 12/31/2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

James
 Bell [4] 
 12/31/2022 
 291,073 
 120,386 
 [5] 
 790,165 
 [6] 
 - 
 - 
 29,130 
 [7] 
 1,230,754 
 
 President,
 Chief Operating Officer, and Director 
 12/31/2021 
 - 
 219,247 
 [5] 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 219,247 

Ralph
 Valvano [8] 
 12/31/2022 
 278,705 
 89,711 
 [9] 
 379,180 
 [10] 
 - 
 - 
 57,908 
 [11] 
 805,504 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 12/31/2021 
 126,563 
 156,994 
 [9] 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 10,442 
 [12] 
 293,999 

[1] 
 On
 February 23,2022, Victor Oviedo was appointed as Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 [2] 
 Reflects
 the expense recognized in connection with the options granted to Mr. Oviedo during the year-ended December 31, 2022. On June 24,
 2022, Victor Oviedo was awarded options to purchase 20,000,00 shares, vesting in equal amounts over a five-year period, at an exercise
 price of 0.05 per share, with a seven-year life. Total stock compensation expense related to the options for the year ended December
 31, 2022, was 451,639. 
 
 [3] 
 These
 other compensation amounts are for 600 of bonuses and for 9,010 of medical and other fringe benefits. 
 
 [4] 
 On
 February 23, 2022, James Bell transitioned from acting Chief Executive Officer and was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer. 
 
 [5] 
 On
 November 9, 2020, James Bell was awarded 45,000,000 shares that vest over three years for his services as a director. The expense
 related to this issuance is being recognized based the vesting terms which resulted in 120,386 of expense recognized during the
 twelve ended December 31, 2022 and 219,247 of expense recognized during the nine months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 [6] 
 Reflects
 the expense recognized in connection with the options granted to Mr. Bell during the year-ended December 31, 2022. On June 24, 2022,
 James Bell was awarded options to purchase 33,750,00 shares, vesting in equal amounts over a five-year period, at an exercise price
 of 0.05 per share, with a seven-year life. Total stock compensation expense related to the options for the year ended December 31,
 2022, was 790,165. 
 
 [7] 
 These
 other compensation amounts are for 1,200 of bonuses and for 27,930 of medical and other fringe benefits. 
 
 [8] 
 On
 June 7, 2021, Ralph Valvano was named Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 [9] 
 On
 June 7, 2021, Ralph Valvano was awarded 6,500,000 shares of common stock as part of his employment agreement. In accordance with the
 agreement, 20 of the shares vested upon execution of the agreement and the remaining shares vest 20 per year over the next four
 years, contingent upon Mr. Valvano s continued employment by the Company. The fair market value of these shares was 272,870
 or 0.2099 per share (the per share price on the date of issuance). The expense related to this issuance is being recognized based
 on the vesting terms per the agreement which resulted in 89,711 of expense recognized during the twelve months ended December 31,
 2022 and 156,994 of expense recognized during the nine months ended December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December 31,
 2022, Mr. Valvano surrendered 1,3000,000 of these shares to the Company prior to their vesting date. 
 
 [10] 
 Reflects
 the expense recognized in connection with the options granted to Mr. Valvano during the year-ended December 31, 2022. On June 24,
 2022, Ralph Valvano was awarded options to purchase 37,500,000 shares, vesting in equal amounts over a five-year period, at an exercise
 price of 0.05 per share, with a seven-year life. Total stock compensation expense related to the options for the year ended December
 31, 2022, was 397,180. 
 
 [11] 
 These
 other compensation amounts are for 27,500 of bonuses and for 30,408 of medical and other fringe benefits. 
 
 [12] 
 These
 other compensation amounts are for medical and other fringe benefits. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As
of December 31, 2022, the following stock option awards were issued and exercisable for the Company s executive officers. 

Options 
 Options 
 
 Holder 
 Outstanding 
 Exercisable 
 
 David B. Rothrock, Chairman 
 85,416,665 
 - 
 
 Victor Oviedo, CEO and Director 
 100,000,000 
 - 
 
 James R. Bell, President, COO and Director 
 112,500,000 
 - 
 
 Myles P. Gill, Director of Operations 
 25,000,000 

Ralph Valvano, CFO 
 37,500,000 
 1,625,000 

360,416,665 
 1,625,000 

32 

Employment
Agreements and Revenue Share Agreements 

Effective
October 1, 2017, the Company entered into Founder Employment Agreements with Annette Raynor, then Chief Operating Officer, and Mario
Romano, then Director of Finance and Investor Relations. The terms and covenants in the agreements were the same for each of the founders
and had a term of five years that automatically renews for three successive five-year terms unless terminated prior to the 90th day following
the expiration of the applicable term. The agreements provided for an annual salary of 225,000 with annual reviews by the board of directors
or the designated compensation committee to determine whether an increase in salary is appropriate based on our results of operations,
increased activities, or responsibilities of the founder, or such other factors as the board of directors or the designated compensation
committee thereof may deem appropriate. Those agreements were terminated upon the January 6, 2022, resignations of Ms. Raynor and Mr.
Romano. 

On
September 6, 2019, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Jayme McWidener that became effective September 15 , 
2019, appointing her as Chief Financial Officer. The Employment Agreement has a term of two years commencing on the effective date and
automatically renews for one-year periods for three consecutive years, unless terminated prior to the 90 th day following the
expiration of the applicable term. Compensation for the position is 175,000 per year plus expenses. Other consideration is 20,000,000
restricted shares of the Company s common stock vesting over a two-year period with one third vesting upon issuance and one third
vesting on each of the next two anniversaries. On June 7, 2021, the Company amended the September 6, 2019 Employment Agreement to appoint
Ms. McWidener as Chief Accounting Officer. 

On
November 29, 2019, an Employment Agreement was entered into between the appointed Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Cammarata and Investview,
Inc. that became effective on December 1, 2019. The contract was for a term of five years and provided a salary compensation of 1 per
year, 20,000,000 shares to be issued that vested immediately, and additional equity awards that could be earned upon the Company achieving
certain milestones that were not met. That agreement was terminated when we terminated Mr. Cammarata s employment for cause on
December 7, 2021. 

On
June 4, 2021, we entered into an Employment Agreement with Ralph Valvano to take effect June 7, 2021, appointing him as the Chief Financial
Officer of Investview, Inc. The contract has a term of one year commencing on the effective date and automatically renews for one-year
periods for four consecutive years, unless terminated. Compensation for the position is 225,000 per year. Other consideration was 6,500,000
restricted shares of the Company s common stock vesting over a five-year period with 20 vesting upon each annual anniversary of
employment. On or about June 24, 2022, we entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Valvano pursuant to which
he will receive an annual salary of 285,000 with additional quarterly incentive cash and common stock bonuses to be paid if certain
target key performance indicators are achieved. In addition, Mr. Valvano shall be eligible to receive: (i) periodic cash and common stock
 Market Capitalization bonuses once we achieve certain pre-determined minimum levels of market capitalization, share price
and trading volume; and (ii) a one-time cash Up-Listing bonus upon our shares being listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or such other national stock exchange as approved by the board of directors (or committee
thereof). We have also agreed to grant Mr. Valvano options to purchase 37,500,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of .05
per share, subject to a seven-year term and vesting over a five-year period. Mr. Valvano surrendered all rights in and to the prior grant
of restricted shares he had received. 

On
February 10, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Victor M. Oviedo, our new Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Oviedo will receive
an annual salary of 415,000 with additional quarterly incentive cash and common stock bonuses to be paid if certain target key performance
indicators are achieved. In addition, Mr. Oviedo shall be eligible to receive: (i) periodic cash and common stock Market Capitalization 
bonuses once we achieve certain pre-determined minimum levels of market capitalization, share price and trading volume; and (ii) a one-time
cash Up-Listing bonus upon our shares being listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American
or such other national stock exchange as approved by the board of directors (or committee thereof). We had also agreed to grant Mr. Oviedo
80,000,000 shares of restricted common stock (60 million of which vest over a five-year period based upon his service as an executive
officer, and 20 million of which vest over a five-year period based upon his service as a director of the Company). These shares were
to be issued upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-8. However, as part of an overall restructuring of executive compensation,
during June 2022, Mr. Oviedo surrendered the unvested rights he had in and to the 80 million restricted shares we had agreed to issue
to him in February 2022, in exchange for options to purchase an aggregate of 100 million shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of .05 per share. The options are subject to a seven-year term and vest over a five-year period following the date of grant. 

On
February 22, 2022, we entered into an employment with our President and Acting Chief Operating Officer, James R. Bell. Mr. Bell will
receive an annual salary of 335,000 with additional quarterly incentive cash and common stock bonuses to be paid if certain target
key performance indicators are achieved. In addition, Mr. Bell shall be eligible to receive: (i) periodic cash and common stock
 Market Capitalization bonuses once we achieve certain pre-determined minimum levels of market capitalization, share
price and trading volume; and (ii) a one-time cash Up-Listing bonus upon our shares being listed on the Nasdaq Stock
Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American or such other national stock exchange as approved by the board of directors
(or committee thereof). We had agreed to grant Mr. Bell 60,000,000 shares of restricted common stock upon effectiveness of a
registration statement on Form S-8, with such shares to vest over five years, for his service as an executive officer. However, as
part of an overall restructuring of executive compensation, during June 2022, Mr. Bell surrendered the unvested rights he had in and
to the 60 million restricted shares we had agreed to issue to him in February 2022, in exchange for options to purchase an aggregate
of 75 million shares of our common stock at an exercise price of .05 per share. The options are subject to a seven-year term and
vest over a five-year period following the date of grant. 

33 

On
February 22, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with our Director of Operations, Myles Gill. Mr. Gill will receive an annual
salary of 250,000 with additional quarterly incentive cash and common stock bonuses to be paid if certain target key performance indicators
are achieved. In addition, Mr. Gill shall be eligible to receive: (i) periodic cash and common stock Market Capitalization 
bonuses once the Company achieves certain pre-determined minimum levels of market capitalization, share price and trading volume; and
(ii) a one-time cash Up-Listing bonus upon our shares being listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
the NYSE American or such other national stock exchange as approved by the board of directors (or committee thereof). We had also agreed
to grant Mr. Gill 20,000,000 shares of restricted common stock upon effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-8, with such
shares to vest over five years, based upon his service as an executive officer. However, as part of an overall restructuring of executive
compensation, during June 2022, Mr. Gill surrendered the unvested rights he had in and to the 20 million restricted shares we had agreed
to issue to him in February 2022, in exchange for options to purchase an aggregate of 25 million shares of our common stock at an exercise
price of .05 per share. The options are subject to a seven-year term and vest over a five-year period following the date of grant. 

We
have also entered into indemnification agreements with our current named executive officers and directors. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control 

Employment
Agreements 

The
employment agreements with our named executive officers contain severance provisions, including in connection with a change of control,
intended to induce these executives to continue employment with our Company and to retain them and provide consideration to them for
certain restrictive covenants that apply following a termination of employment. 

Under
each of our employment agreements with Messrs. Oviedo, Bell, Valvano and Gill, we may terminate the agreement at any time. If we terminate
the agreement due to the executive s disability or death, the executive s unvested options that are scheduled to vest during
the period from the date of termination through the next scheduled vesting date will immediately vest and the remaining unvested options
shall terminate and be forfeited, and we must pay to the executive or his estate, no later than 90 days following his termination, any
quarterly cash bonuses, market capitalization bonuses, up-listing cash bonuses that he earned for any fiscal quarters prior to the termination
of his employment, as well as a lump sum amount in cash equal to 6 months base salary. If the executive terminates the agreement for
good reason or we terminate for any reason other than for cause, (i) we must pay to the executive an amount equal to his base salary
as salary continuation payments over six months if his termination occurs on or before the first anniversary of his employment or, for
Mr. Oviedo, over twelve months if his termination occurs after the first anniversary of his employment; (ii) his unvested options that
are scheduled to vest during the severance period will immediately vest and the remaining unvested options shall terminate and be forfeited;
(iii) we must pay to the executive, no later than 90 days following his termination, any quarterly cash bonuses, market capitalization
bonuses, up-listing cash bonuses that he earned for any fiscal quarters prior to the termination of his employment; and (iv) we shall
pay or reimburse him for his and his covered dependents continued coverage under our group medical, dental and health plans during the
applicable severance period. The employment agreements with Messrs. Oviedo, Bell, Valvano and Gill also contain a change of control provision
whereby the executive s unvested options shall immediately vest if his employment is terminated without cause or for good reason
within 12 months of a change in control. For purposes of these employment agreements, the term change in control is as
defined in our 2022 Incentive Plan. The receipt of any severance by these executives is conditioned upon his execution of a broad release
of claims. 

Other
Change in Control Arrangements 

The
Investview, Inc. 2022 Incentive Plan under which awards have been issued to our named executive officers and directors contains change
in control provisions. Under the 2022 Incentive Plan, without limiting the authority of the Board or a committee delegated authority
by the Board to adjust awards, if a change in control of the Company occurs, then, unless otherwise provided in the award
or other agreement, if an award is continued, assumed or substituted by the successor entity, the award will not vest or lapse solely
as a result of the change of control but will instead remain outstanding under the terms pursuant to which it has been continued, assumed
or substituted and will continue to vest or lapse pursuant to such terms. 

34 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of March 24, 2023, respecting the beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock
by: (i) any holder of more than 5 ; (ii) each of the Named Executive Officers and directors; and (iii) our directors and Named Executive
Officers as a group, based on 2,636,275,719 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023. Except as otherwise indicated, each
stockholder listed below has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned: 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Percentage
 of 
 Common Stock (2) 

Principal
 Stockholders: 

DBR
 Capital, LLC (3) 

471,428,572 

15.17 

MPower
 Trading Systems, LLC 

565,000,000 

17.65 

Brian
 McMullen (4) 

290,000,000 

11.00 

Ryan
 Smith (5)(6)(7) 

242,374,710 

9.19 

Chad
 Miller (5)(6)(7) 

242,374,710 

9.19 

Wealth
 Engineering, LLC (8) 

235,532,073 

8.93 

Joseph
 Hagan (9) 

203,981,945 

7.74 

Directors
 and Officers: 

David
 B. Rothrock, Chairman (10) 

1,077,478,570 

29.10 

Victor
 M. Oviedo, CEO and Director (11) 

20,000,000 

James
 R. Bell, President, COO, and Director (12) 

44,070,000 

1.65 

Myles
 P. Gill, Director of Operations (13) 

5,000,000 

Ralph
 R. Valvano, CFO (14) 

7,500,000 

Jayme
 L. McWidener, CAO (15) 

13,333,334 

All
 Officers and Directors as a group (6 persons) (10)(11)(12)(13)(14)(15) 

1,167,381,904 

32.49 

Less
 than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 Except
 as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Investview Inc., 521 W. Lancaster Avenue, 2 nd Floor,
 Haverford, PA 19041. 
 
 (2) 
 Applicable
 percentage ownership is based on 2,636,275,719 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023, together with securities
 exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of that date, for each stockholder. 
 
 (3) 
 Reflects
 the shares issuable, if at all, upon the conversion of 3.3 million of convertible notes issued to DBR Capital in 2020. DBR Capital
 is controlled by Company Chairman, David Rothrock. 
 
 (4) 
 Brian
 McMullen (5348 Vegas Drive #1342, Las Vegas NV 89108) beneficially owns 90,000,000 shares through an entity he controls, plus 200,000,000
 shares owned personally. 
 
 (5) 
 CR Capital Holdings, LLC (459 North 300 West, Unit 15, Kaysville, UT 84037)
owns 57,374,710 shares of our common stock. As reported on a Schedule 13D/A, Ryan Smith (1836 West Phillip Street, Kaysville, UT 84037)
and Chad Miller (287 North Homestead Lane, Fruit Heights, UT 84037) have shared voting and dispositive control of these shares. As a result,
Mr. Smith and Mr. Miller are each deemed to beneficially own all of the shares held by CR Capital Holdings LLC. 
 
 (6) 
 In addition to the 57,374,710 shares beneficially owned through CR Capital
Holdings, LLC, Ryan Smith owns 185,000,000 shares personally. 
 
 (7) 
 In addition to the 57,374,710 shares beneficially owned through CR Capital
Holdings, LLC, Chad Miller owns 185,000,000 shares personally. 
 
 (8) 
 The members of Wealth Engineering LLC, 234 Industrial Way West, Suite A202,
Eatontown, NJ 07724 and affiliates, own 235,550,073 shares of our common stock. Our former officers Mario Romano and Annette Raynor are
two of its members. In addition, Mr. Romano is the CEO and Ms. Raynor serves as the COO of Wealth Engineering LLC. Combined Mr. Romano
and Ms. Raynor have voting and shared dispositive control of these shares. 
 
 (9) 
 Joseph
 Hagan owns 203,981,945 shares through two entities he controls, plus 4,298,671 shares owned personally. 
 
 (10) 
 David B. Rothrock is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 471,428,572 shares
issuable upon the conversion of Convertible Notes in the amount of 3,300,000 issued to DBR Capital, LLC, because Mr. Rothrock is the
sole owner of DBR Capital. As the managing member of MPower Trading Systems, LLC and as part of the acquisition of the operating assets
and intellectual property rights of MPower Trading Systems, LLC, Mr. Rothrock is also deemed the beneficial owner of 565 million non-voting
membership interests in our wholly owned subsidiary IFGH, which are redeemable in the future for 565 million shares of the Company. Mr.
Rothrock also owns 11,466,666 shares and vested options to purchase 29,583,332 shares. 
 
 (11) 
 Includes
 vested options to purchase 20 million shares. 
 
 (12) 
 Includes
 10,320,000 shares and vested options to purchase 33,750,000 shares. 
 
 (13) 
 Includes
 vested options to purchase 5,000,000 shares. 
 
 (14) 
 Includes
 vested options to purchase 7,500,000 shares. 
 
 (15) 
 Ms.
 McWidener personally owns 13,333,334 shares of common stock. 

No
director, executive officer, affiliate, or any owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities
is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. 

Material
Agreement Regarding Stock Ownership 

We
have entered into a Lock-Up agreement dated March 22, 2021 with all of our current and former officers, directors, and certain of our
significant shareholders, covering an aggregate of approximately 1,096,026,044 shares of our common stock. The Lock-Up agreement will
run through the earlier of April 25, 2025, the date we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, or similar transaction resulting
in all our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities, or other property, or the date
we determine to release some or all of the shares of common stock from the Lock-Up Agreement. The Lock-Up Agreement does provide for
limited resale provisions if certain price per share and trading volume benchmarks are met. 

35 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

The
following table summarizes the equity compensation plans under which our securities may be issued as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

237,500,000 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Our
related party debt consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note entered into on 4/27/20, net of debt discount of 952,218 as of December 31, 2022 [1] 
 347,782 
 239,521 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note entered into on 5/27/20, net of debt discount of 516,980 as of December 31, 2022 [2] 
 183,020 
 124,149 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note entered into on 11/9/20, net of debt discount of 1,006,221 as of December 31, 2022 [3] 
 293,779 
 198,187 
 
 Promissory note entered into on 12/15/20, net of debt discount of 0 as of December 31, 2022 [4] 
 - 
 80,322 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note entered into on 3/30/21, net of debt discount of 0 as of December 31, 2022 [5] 
 - 
 476,670 
 
 Working Capital Promissory Note entered into on 3/22/21 [6] 
 1,201,927 
 1,200,607 
 
 Total related-party debt 
 2,026,508 
 2,319,456 
 
 Less: Current portion 
 (1,201,927 
 (1,832,642 
 
 Related-party debt, long term 
 824,581 
 486,814 

[1] On
 April 27, 2020 we received proceeds of 1,300,000 from DBR Capital, LLC, an entity controlled
 by a member of our Board of Directors, and entered into a convertible promissory note. The
 note is secured by collateral of the Company and its subsidiaries, .and certain Company shares
 pledged by non-affiliated shareholders. The note bears interest at 20 per annum, payable
 monthly, and the principal is due and payable on April 27, 2030. Per the original terms of
 the agreement the note was convertible into common stock at a conversion price of 0.01257
 per share, which was amended on November 9, 2020 to reduce the conversion price to 0.007
 per share. At inception we recorded a beneficial conversion feature and debt discount of
 1,300,000. During the year ended March 31, 2021 we recognized 120,318 of the debt discount
 into interest expense as well as expensed an additional 241,225 of interest expense on the
 note, all of which was repaid during the period. During the nine months ended December 31,
 2021 we recognized 97,536 of the debt discount into interest expense as well as expensed
 an additional 195,012 of interest expense on the note, of which 173,344 was repaid during
 the period, leaving 21,668 of accrued interest in the balance shown here. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022 we recognized 129,929 of the debt discount into interest expense
 as well as expensed an additional 260,016 of interest expense on the note and made payments
 for interest of 281,684, leaving no accrued interest in the balance shown here. 

[2] On
 May 27, 2020 we received proceeds of 700,000 from DBR Capital, LLC, an entity controlled
 by a member of our Board of Directors, and entered into a convertible promissory note. The
 note is secured by collateral of the Company and its subsidiaries, .and certain Company shares
 pledged by non-affiliated shareholders. The note bears interest at 20 per annum, payable
 monthly, and the principal is due and payable on April 27, 2030. Per the original terms of
 the agreement the note was convertible into common stock at a conversion price of 0.01257
 per share, which was amended on November 9, 2020 to reduce the conversion price to 0.007
 per share. At inception we recorded a beneficial conversion feature and debt discount of
 700,000. During the year ended March 31, 2021 we recognized 59,525 of the debt discount
 into interest expense as well as expensed an additional 118,616 of interest expense on the
 note, all of which was repaid during the period. During the nine months ended December 31,
 2021 we recognized 52,954 of the debt discount into interest expense as well as expensed
 an additional 105,003 of interest expense on the note, of which 93,333 was repaid during
 the period, leaving 11,669 of accrued interest in the balance shown here. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022 we recognized 70,541 of the debt discount into interest expense
 as well as expensed an additional 140,004 of interest expense on the note and made payments
 for interest of 151,673, leaving no accrued interest in the balance shown here. 

36 

[3] On
 November 9, 2020 we received proceeds of 1,300,000 from DBR Capital, LLC, an entity controlled
 by a member of our Board of Directors, and entered into a convertible promissory note. The
 note is secured by collateral of the Company and its subsidiaries, .and certain Company shares
 pledged by non-affiliated shareholders. The note bears interest at 38.5 per annum, made
 up of a 25 interest rate per annum and a facility fee of 13.5 per annum, payable monthly
 beginning February 1, 2021, and the principal is due and payable on April 27, 2030. Per the
 terms of the agreement the note is convertible into common stock at a conversion price of
 0.007 per share. At inception we recorded a beneficial conversion feature and debt discount
 of 1,300,000. During the year ended March 31, 2021 we recognized 53,414 of the debt discount
 into interest expense as well as expensed an additional 198,601 of interest expense on the
 note, all of which was repaid during the period. During the nine months ended December 31,
 2021 we recognized 103,067 of the debt discount into interest expense as well as expensed
 an additional 375,372 of interest expense on the note, of which 333,667 was repaid during
 the period, leaving 41,706 of accrued interest in the balance shown here. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022 we recognized 137,297 of the debt discount into interest expense
 as well as expensed an additional 500,496 of interest expense on the note and made payments
 for interest of 542,203, leaving no accrued interest in the balance shown here. 

[4] On
 December 15, 2020 we received proceeds of 154,000 from Wealth Engineering, an entity controlled
 by former members of our management team and Board of Directors, and entered into a promissory
 note for 600,000. The term of the note required monthly repayments of 20,000 per month
 for 30 months. At inception we recorded a debt discount of 446,000 representing the difference
 between the cash received and the total amount to be repaid. During the year ended March
 31, 2021 we recognized 51,838 of the debt discount into interest expense and made four monthly
 repayments totaling 80,000. During the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we recognized
 134,485 of the debt discount into interest expense and made nine monthly repayments totaling
 180,000. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recognized 259,678 of the debt discount
 into interest expense and made a payment of 340,000 to pay the note in full. 

[5] Effective
 March 30, 2021 we restructured a 1,000,000 promissory note with 200,000 of accrued interest, along with a 350,000 short-term
 advance, with Joseph Cammarata, our then Chief Executive Officer. The new note had a principal balance of 1,550,000, was given a 5 
 interest rate, and was convertible at 0.02 per share. As a result of the fixed conversion price we recorded a beneficial conversion
 feature and debt discount of 1,550,000, which was equal to the face value of the note. During the year ended March 31, 2021 we
 recognized 4,247 of the debt discount into interest expense as well as expensed 212 of interest expense on the new debt. Effective
 September 21, 2021 we entered into an amendment to the note to extend the due date to September 30, 2022, allow for partial
 conversions, and change the conversion price to 0.008 per share. As the terms of the note changed substantially, we accounted for
 the amendment as an extinguishment and new note. Through September 21, 2021 we recognized 738,904 of the initial debt discount into
 interest expense, removed 806,849 of the remaining debt discount from the books, recorded a beneficial conversion feature due to
 the fixed conversion price and a debt discount of 1,550,000, which was equal to the face value of the amended note, and recorded a
 net 743,151 into additional paid in capital as a gain due to the extinguishment transaction being between related parties and thus
 a capital transaction. From September 21, 2021, the date of the amendment and through December 31, 2021 we recognized 418,583 of
 the 1,550,000 debt discount into interest expense. Also, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we expensed 57,874 of
 interest expense on the debt, resulting in an accrued interest balance of 58,086 as of December 31, 2021. From January 1, 2022
 through March 30, 2022, the date the note was repaid, we recognized 166,576 of the debt discount into interest expense. Upon
 repayment of the loan, we recognized the remaining debt discount of 964,841 into interest expense. Also, 
 during the year ended December 31, 2022 we expensed 19,626 of interest expense on the note and made a payment to pay the note and
 accrued interest in full. 

[6] On
 March 22, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements to purchase 100 of the operating
 assets of SSA Technologies LLC, an entity that owns and operates a FINRA-registered broker-dealer.
 SSA is controlled and partially owned by Joseph Cammarata, our former Chief Executive Officer.
 Commencing upon execution of the agreements and through the closing of the transactions,
 we agreed to provide certain transition service arrangements to SSA. In connection with the
 transactions, we entered into a Working Capital Promissory Note with SSA under which SSA
 was to have advanced to us up to 1,500,000 before the end of 2021; however, SSA has only
 provided advances of 1,200,000 to date. The note bears interest at the rate of 0.11 per
 annum therefore we recognized 607 worth of interest expense on the loan during the nine
 months ended December 31, 2021. The note was due and payable by January 31, 2022; however,
 has not yet been repaid as we consider our legal options in light of SSA s failure
 to complete its funding obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded
 interest expense of 1,320 on the note. The note was to have been secured by the pledge
 of 12,000,000 shares of our common stock; however, it remains unsecured as the pledge of
 shares was not implemented at the closing of the loan. 

In
addition to the above related party debt transactions that were outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2021, during the nine
months ended December 31, 2021 we obtained a short-term advance of 100,000 from Wealth Engineering, an entity controlled by Mario Romano
and Annette Raynor, former members of our management team and Board of Directors, and repaid the amount in full. 

37 

In
addition to the above-mentioned related-party lending arrangements, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we sold cryptocurrency
packages to related parties for gross proceeds of 1,000 to Gravitas and we paid related parties 2,289,969 worth of commissions on the
sales of our products. Of the 2,289,969 in commissions, 1,750,860 was paid to TFU, 200,947 was paid to Fidelis Funds, 311,163 was
paid to Marketing Mavens, LLC, an entity owned by the spouse of Annette Raynor, and 27,000 was paid to the children of Mario Romano
and Annette Raynor. Also, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021, we paid consulting fees to Wealth Engineering, LLC, an entity
owned by Mario Romano and Annette Raynor, of 245,450, and made dividend payments to the children of Mario Romano of 4,323. We also
paid expenses of MPower in the amounts of 251,405 and 197,523, respectively, under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement entered
into on March 22, 2021 and we closed on the acquisition of MPower s net assets on September 3, 2021. We also recorded 59,999,999
shares as forfeited as a result of 1) our Chief Accounting Officer returning 6,666,666 shares to the Company prior to their vesting date
and 2) Joseph Cammarata, Mario Romano, and Annette Raynor, three former members of our management team and Board of Directors, that resigned
from their positions with the Company; thus losing their rights to 53,333,333 shares that were to have vested upon the annual anniversaries
of their award grant date, had they still been directors at such a date. As a result of the forfeitures, we reversed previously recognized
compensation cost of 163,982 during the nine months ended December 31, 2021. Also, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021, 12,998,630
shares were surrendered by members of our then Board of Directors in exchange for our agreement to cover 519,945 in tax withholdings. 

April
2020 Convertible Note Financing Arrangement with DBR Capital, LLC 

On
April 27, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and related agreements with DBR Capital, LLC DBR Capital ),
a company wholly owned by David B. Rothrock, the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Under the Securities Purchase Agreement, DBR Capital
purchased a 1,300,000 convertible promissory note at closing and, subject to certain conditions, agreed to purchase additional convertible
promissory notes over four additional closings. On May 27, 2020 and November 9, 2020, we completed our second and third closings, respectively,
under the Securities Purchase Agreement. At the May 27, 2020 closing, DBR Capital purchased a 700,000 convertible secured promissory
note, which bears interest at 20 per annum, payable monthly, and the principal is due and payable on April 27, 2030. At the November
9, 2020 closing, DBR Capital purchased a 1,300,000 convertible secured promissory note, which bears interest at 25 interest rate per
annum and carries a facility fee of 13.5 per annum, is payable monthly beginning February 1, 2021, and the principal is due and payable
on April 27, 2030. The convertible promissory notes are each convertible into our common stock at a conversion price of 0.007 per share
by DBR Capital at any time prior to their maturity or by the Company if certain benchmarks relating to the trading price and volume of
the common stock are met. The convertible promissory notes are secured by collateral of the Company and its subsidiaries, .and certain
Company shares pledged by non-affiliated shareholders. 

In
addition to the first three closings, DBR Capital has the right to purchase additional convertible promissory notes of 5.7 million at
a fourth closing, and 2.0 million at a fifth closing. Pursuant to November 2021 and August 12, 2022 amendments to the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the deadlines for the fourth and fifth closings which were originally December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022, respectively,
were extended until December 31, 2024. 

In
connection with such Securities Purchase Agreement and related agreements, Messrs. Rothrock and Bell were appointed as DBR Capital s
designees to our Board of Directors. On November 9, 2020, the Securities Purchase Agreement and related transaction documents were amended
to, among other things, expand our Board of Directors to seven members, leaving two seats vacant, and to allow DBR Capital to fill those
vacancies and remove directors in the event of default under the transaction documents. 

DBR
Capital Marketing and Distribution Arrangements with Oneiro. 

DBR
Capital, a company wholly owned by David B. Rothrock, has been an investor in Oneiro NA, Inc. Oneiro since 2016, and
currently serves as a worldwide marketing and distribution agent for Oneiro. In connection therewith, DBR Capital is entitled to certain
performance fees from Oneiro for worldwide sales of ndau introduced by DBR Capital, including purchases by Investview or any affiliates
of Investview. The performance fee is determined as a commission on sales, with a floating range between 5 to 10 of sales, on aggregate
sales ranging from 1 million to over 40 million. The performance fee is to be paid in ndau coins. During the year ended December 31,
2021, DBR Capital earned a performance fee in connection with sales by Oneiro to Investview of approximately 77,000 ndau coins. 

In
recognition of the February 2022 reorganization of the executive management team and Board of Directors of Investview, and the equity
restructuring of executive equity incentives that occurred on June 24, 2022, to avoid the appearance of any potential conflicts of interest,
DBR Capital has elected to: (i) effective as of April 1, 2022, contribute the 2021 performance fee of 77,000 ndau coins to Investview
for use in its business and to help support the existing purchasers of ndau in the discretion of the Board of Directors, none of which
have been sold or transferred; and (ii) for so long as Mr. Rothrock remains either an executive officer or director of the Company, renounce
and assign to the Company, for its discretionary use, its rights in and to any further performance fees related to ndau sales by Oneiro
to Investview or any of its affiliates to which it may be entitled under its arrangements with Oneiro. 

38 

March
2021 Agreement to Acquire Assets of SSA Technologies 

On
March 22, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements to purchase a FINRA-registered broker-dealer and other operating assets
of SSA Technologies LLC, an entity controlled and partially owned by Joseph Cammarata, our former Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to
these agreements, we agreed to acquire the SSA assets for the issuance of non-voting membership interests in our wholly owned subsidiary,
Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC IFGH ), which are in the future redeemable for 242,000,000 Investview common shares
on a one-for-one basis. In connection with the closing under the agreements, which has not yet occurred, the redeemable membership interests
being issued to the SSA equity holders, as well as the resulting shares of Investview common stock issued upon the exercise of such redemption
rights, will be issued as shares of restricted securities issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The closing of the SSA transaction was subject to various closing conditions, including
obtaining FINRA approval to the change of control transaction, which we believe had been unduly impeded due to certain complications
relating to legal proceedings involving Mr. Cammarata in connection with his activities which were unrelated to Investview and its businesses.
Due to these complications and delays, and following the lapsing of an outside closing date, we elected to terminate this agreement during
2022, and continue our search for alternative acquisitions within the brokerage industry. 

September
2021 Acquisition of Assets of MPower Trading Systems 

On
March 22, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreement to acquire the MPower Smart Trading Platform, as well as the other operating
assets and intellectual property of MPower Trading Systems LLC MPower ), a company controlled and partially owned by David
B. Rothrock and James R. Bell, two of our board members. MPower was the developer and owner of Prodigio, a proprietary software-based
trading platform with applications within the brokerage industry. In consideration for the acquisition of such assets, we agreed to issue
non-voting Class B membership interests in our wholly owned subsidiary, IFGH, which are in the future redeemable for 565,000,000 Investview
common shares on a one-for-one basis (the Class B Redeemable Units with the expectation to create a financial technology
and brokerage firm for active traders and investors. On September 3, 2021, we completed the acquisition of the operating assets and intellectual
property rights of MPower under the terms generally contained within the original Securities Purchase Agreement, as it was amended on
the closing date. The Class B Redeemable Units issued in the transaction are being held under and subject to a lock-up agreement. We
have agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission registering the resale of the shares issuable
upon redemption of the Class B Redeemable Units. 

Messrs.
Bell and Rothrock, managers and principal equity holders of MPower, are also members of our Board of Directors. Following full disclosure
of their interest, the transaction was approved by the full Investview Board of Directors, including unanimous support by its independent
directors. The purchase price for the MPower assets was determined through negotiations with the Investview directors without a conflicting
interest in the transaction and was based generally on the value of the Class B Redeemable Units exchanged in the transaction on the
date of the original Securities Purchase Agreement. In the transaction, DBR Capital, LLC, an affiliate of David B. Rothrock, also retained
a royalty-free right to use certain of the acquired assets for certain limited non-competitive purposes. 

September
2021 Amendment to Convertible Note 

On
September 21, 2021, the Company and its former Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Cammarata, agreed to amend the terms of a promissory note
held by Mr. Cammarata in the principal amount of 1,550,000. The due date on the note was extended from March 30, 2022, until September
30, 2022, the note was amended to allow for partial conversions, and the conversion price was changed from 0.02 per share to 0.008
per share. We provided notice to Mr. Cammarata of our planned prepayment of the note and do not believe he properly exercised conversion
of the note and we tendered payment to him. 

Separation
and Release Agreements with Two Former Officers and Directors 

On
January 6, 2022, we entered into Separation and Release Agreements (the Separation Agreements with Mario Romano and Annette
Raynor, two of the Company s founders, and Wealth Engineering, LLC, an affiliate of Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor. Under the Separation
Agreements, Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor agreed to resign their positions as officers and directors effective immediately as they each transitioned
to the roles of strategic advisors to the Company. 

Under
the terms of the Separation Agreements, the parties agreed that all agreements between Investview and Mr. Romano, Ms. Raynor and Wealth
Engineering (other than the Lock-Up Agreement executed by Mr. Romano, Ms. Raynor, Wealth Engineering and the other parties thereto dated
March 22, 2021 (the Lock-Up Agreement )), were terminated in all respects. The Lock-Up Agreement will continue in full force
and effect until April 25, 2025, subject to certain modification by which Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor agreed to hold certain shares of
our common stock until April 2025. Mr. Romano, Ms. Raynor, and Wealth Engineering also agreed to give DBR Capital LLC, on behalf of the
Company, an irrevocable proxy to vote all of the shares of our common stock owned, directly or beneficially, by them and certain of their
affiliates, in accordance with the direction of our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion. 

The
Separation Agreements also provided for the surrender by each of Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor of certain shares of our common stock to us
in general consideration for the covenants and agreements of the parties; the payment of the balance owed under a 600,000 promissory
note owed by us to Wealth Engineering; and the Company s payment of 1,724,077.56 to the applicable federal and state taxing authorities
on behalf of Wealth Engineering as payment for the estimated federal and state taxes that Wealth Engineering may have been subject in
connection with the vesting of 63,333,333 Company restricted shares on July 22, 2021. 

39 

In
their roles as Strategic Advisors, Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor are expected to provide us with advisory services and general assistance,
including assisting in general corporate and operational matters as may be assigned to them from time-to-time, as well as to assist and
cooperate in responding to inquiries of the SEC, FINRA or any other regulatory body or agency. In consideration of the various elements
of the Separation Agreement, including the payments made to them or on their behalf, as well as continued payments to be made to them
as Strategic Advisors, Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor agreed to certain non-solicitation, non-competition and standstill provisions. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to us for professional services rendered for the following periods: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Nine Months Ended 
December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 122,600 
 122,600 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 122,600 
 122,600 

Audit
Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and review
of the interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax
Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees. Consists of fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Preapproval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

We
do not have a designated Audit Committee, and accordingly, our board of directors policy is to preapprove all audit and permissible
non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services,
and other services. Preapproval is generally provided for up to one year and any preapproval is detailed as to the particular service
or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically
report to the Company s board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance
with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The board of directors may also preapprove particular services
on a case-by-case basis. 

40 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit
 Number 

Title
 of Document 

Location 

Item
 2 
 
 Plan
 of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 

2.01 
 
 Contribution Agreement between Investview, Inc., Wealth Generators, LLC, and the members of Wealth Generators, LLC dated March 31, 2017 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2017 

Item
 3 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation and Bylaws 

3.01 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10SB12G filed August 12, 1999 

3.02 
 
 Articles of Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10SB12G filed August 12, 1999 

3.03 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 10SB12G filed August 12, 1999 

3.04 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation or by-laws 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15, 2007 

3.05 
 
 Certificate of Change filed pursuant to NRS 78.209 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2012 

3.06 
 
 Articles of Merger filed pursuant to NRS 92.A.200 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 6, 2012 

3.07 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Definitive Information Statement filed December 20, 2017 

Item
 4 
 
 Instruments
 Defining the Rights of Security Holders, including indentures 

4.01 
 
 Common Stock Specimen 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed January 12, 2018 

Item
 10 
 
 Material
 Contracts 

10.49 
 
 Securities Purchase and Royalty Agreement between Investview, Inc., and Brian McMullen, dated as of July 23, 2019 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2019 

10.50 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of July 23, 2019 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2019 

10.51 
 
 Employment Agreement between Investview, Inc. and Jayme McWidener, effective as of September 15, 2019 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 12, 2019 

10.55.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designation of Designation of 13 Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, as Amended, filed herewith 
 
 Filed
 with the POS AM as filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020. 

10.57 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 Filed
 with the S-1/A on March 3, 2020. 

10.58 
 
 Form of Warrant Exercise 
 
 Filed
 as part of Exhibit 10.57. 

41 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Title
 of Document 
 
 Location 
 
 10.63 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement and related agreements between Investview, Inc. and DBR Capital, LLC; Sales of Unregistered Securities; Departure of Directors or Certain Officers, and Election of Directors, 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K/A filed on April 30, 2020 

10.64 
 
 Consent of Holders of Series B Preferred 
 
 Filed
 with the POS AM as filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020 herewith 

10.65 
 
 Convertible Secured Promissory Note by Investview, Inc., and DBR Capital, LLC, dated as of May 27, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on June 2, 2020 

10.66 
 
 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 9, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.67 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated November 9, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.68 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the Amount of 1,300,000 dated November 9, 2020 (originally dated April 27, 2020) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.69 
 
 Amended and Restated Convertible Secured Promissory Note in the Amount of 700,000 dated November 9, 2020 (originally dated May 27, 2020) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.70 
 
 First Amendment to Investor Rights Agreement of April 27, 2020, dated November 9, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.71 
 
 First Amendment to Voting Agreement of April 27, 2020, dated November 9, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.72 
 
 Guaranty and Collateral Agreement dated May 15, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.74 
 
 Cover Letter and Restricted Shares Award Agreement for David Rothrock 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.75 
 
 Cover Letter and Restricted Shares Award Agreement for James Bell 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 

10.78 
 
 Joinder Agreement dated December 23, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on form 8-K filed on December 31, 2020 

42 

Exhibit
 Number 

Title
 of Document 
 
 Location 
 
 10.79 
 
 Promissory Note in the Amount of 1,000,000 with Joe Cammarata, dated January 30, 2020, First Amendment to the 1,000,000 Promissory Note dated January 31, 2020 and Second Amendment to the 1,000,000 Promissory Note dated January 30, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the periodic report on Form 10-Q filed February 26, 2021 

10.80 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC, Investview, Inc., and SSA Technologies LLC dated as of March 22, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2021 

10.81 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC, Investview, Inc., and the Purchasers Listed on Schedule A dated as of March 22, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2021 

10.82 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Investview MTS, LLC, Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC, Investview, Inc., and MPower Trading Systems LLC dated as of March 22, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2021 

10.83 
 
 Working Capital Promissory Note by Investview, Inc., dated as of March 22, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2021 

10.84 
 
 Pledge Agreement between Investview, Inc., and SSA Technologies LLC, dated as of March 22, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2021 

10.85 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement between Investview, Inc., DBR Capital, LLC, and Joseph Cammarata, dated as of March 22, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26, 2021 

10.87 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 Incorporated
by reference to the periodic report on Form 10-K filed on June 29, 2021 

10.88 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 9, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2021 

43 

Exhibit
 Number 

Title
 of Document 
 
 Location 
 
 10.89 
 
 Employment Agreement between Investview, Inc., and Ralph R. Valvano, effective as of June 7, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2021 

10.90 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Investview, Inc., and Jayme McWidener, effective as of June 7, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2021 

10.91 
 
 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement between and among Investview MTS, LLC, Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC, Investview, Inc., and MPower Trading Systems, LLC dated as of September 3, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021 

10.92 
 
 Bill of Sale, Assignment and Assumption between Investview MTS, LLC, and MPower Trading Systems, LLC dated as of September 3, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021 

10.93 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 3, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021 

10.94 
 
 Debt Conversion Agreement between Investview, Inc. and Joseph Cammarata, effective as of March 30, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021 

10.95 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note due March 30, 2022, dated March 30, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021 

10.96 
 
 Amendment One to Convertible Promissory Note dated March 30, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2021 

10.97 
 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 9, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 22, 2021 

10.98 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement by and among Investview, Inc., and Mario Romano and Wealth Engineering, LLC, dated as of January 6, 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2022 

44 

Exhibit
 Number 

Title
 of Document 
 
 Location 
 
 10.99 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement by and among Investview, Inc., and Annette Raynor and Wealth Engineering, LLC, dated as of January 6, 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2022 

10.100 
 
 Employment Agreement between Investview, Inc., and Victor M. Oviedo, dated as of February 10, 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.101 
 
 Indemnification Agreement between Investview, Inc., and Victor M. Oviedo, dated as of February 10, 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.102 
 
 Victor M. Oviedo Joinder to Lock-Up Agreement dated March 22, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.103 
 
 Employment Agreement between Investview, Inc., and James R. Bell, dated as of February 22, 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.104 
 
 Employment Agreement between Investview, Inc., and Myles Gill, dated as of February 21, 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.105 
 
 Myles Gill Joinder to Lock-Up Agreement dated March 22, 2021 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.106 
 
 Form of Executive Indemnification Agreement in Use as of February 2022 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.107 
 
 Investview, Inc., 2022 Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23, 2022 

10.108 
 
 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement between Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC, Investview, Inc., and SSA Technologies LLC dated as of September 3, 2021 (LevelX Capital) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2022 

10.109 
 
 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement between Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC, Investview, Inc., and SSA Technologies LLC dated as of September 3, 2021 (LevelX Advisors) 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2022 

45 

Exhibit
 Number 

Title
 of Document 
 
 Location 
 
 10.110 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for David B. Rothrock #1 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.111 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for David B. Rothrock #2 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.112 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Victor Oviedo 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.113 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for Victor Oviedo #1 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.114 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for Victor Oviedo #2 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.115 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement with James R. Bell 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.116 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for James R. Bell #1 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.117 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for James R. Bell #2 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.118 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Myles Gill 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.119 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for Myles P Gill 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.120 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Ralph Valvano 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.121 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for Ralph Valvano #1 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.122 
 
 Non-Statutory Option Award and Non-Statutory Option Award Agreement for Ralph Valvano #2 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2022 
 
 10.123 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 9, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022 

Item
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant 

21.01 
 
 Schedule of Subsidiaries 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed March 11, 2019 

Item
 23 
 
 Consents
 of Experts and Counsel 

23.01 
 
 Consent of M K CPAs 
 
 This
 filing. 

46 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Title
 of Document 
 
 Location 
 
 Item
 31 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

31.01 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 This
 filing. 

31.02 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 This
 filing. 

Item
 32 
 
 Section
 1350 Certifications 

32.01 
 
 Section
 1350 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 This
 filing. 

32.02 
 
 Section
 1350 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 
 This
 filing. 

Item
 101 
 
 Interactive
 Data Files 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 This
 filing. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 This
 filing. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 This
 filing. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 This
 filing. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 This
 filing. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 This
 filing. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page iXBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

All
 exhibits are numbered with the number preceding the decimal indicating the applicable SEC
 reference number in Item 601 and the number following the decimal indicating the sequence
 of the particular document. Omitted numbers in the sequence refer to documents previously
 filed as an exhibit. 
 
 Identifies
 each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit,
 as required by Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K. 
 
 Users
 of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive
 data files are deemed not filed or part of this annual report for purposes of Sections 11
 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Exchange Act and otherwise are not
 subject to liability. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
included. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Investview
 Inc. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Victor M. Oviedo 

Victor
 M. Oviedo 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ralph R. Valvano 

Ralph
 R. Valvano 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Victor M. Oviedo 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Victor
 M. Oviedo 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Ralph R. Valvano 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Ralph
 R. Valvano 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 James Bell 
 
 President,
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 James
 Bell 

/s/
 David B. Rothrock 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 David
 B. Rothrock 

48 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

FORMING
A PART OF ANNUAL REPORT 

 PURSUANT
TO THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Investview, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Investview, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and other comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine-month period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022 and the nine-month period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

 Digital
Currencies 

 As
discussed in the notes to the financial statements, the Company has mining revenues and assets associated with the mining of digital
currencies that requires significant judgements with regard to how the revenues are recognized and the assets are capitalized. 

Auditing
management s evaluation of the accounting for mining revenues recognized and the capitalized digital assets involved significant
judgement and subjectivity due to lack of formal GAAP and PCAOB guidance in the United States. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness and accuracy of the assessment by management, we evaluated management s assessment in relationship
to the relevant revenues. We also evaluated several different third-party sites and sources to verify the information provided by management.

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March
31, 2023 

F- 2 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash, current 

Prepaid assets 

Receivables 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax paid in advance 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Fixed assets, net 

Other assets: 

Restricted cash, long term 

Other restricted assets, long term 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Intangible asset, net 
 - 

Deposits 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Payroll liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Customer advance 

Deferred revenue 

Derivative liability 

Dividend liability 

Operating lease liability, current 

Related party debt, net of discounts, current 

Debt, net of discounts, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, long term 

Related party debt, net of discounts, long term 

Debt, net of discounts, long term 

Total long term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value: ; shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Year Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenue: 

Subscription revenue, net of refunds, incentives, credits, and chargebacks 

Mining revenue 

Mining equipment repair revenue 

Cryptocurrency revenue 

Digital wallet revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Total revenue, net 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales and service 

Commissions 

Selling and marketing 

Salary and related 

Professional fees 

Impairment expense 

Bad debt expense 

Loss (gain) on disposal of assets 

General and administrative 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Net income (loss) from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment 

Gain (loss) on fair value of derivative liability 

Realized gain (loss) on cryptocurrency 

Interest expense 

Interest expense, related parties 

Other income (expense) 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 

Dividends on Preferred Stock 

Net income (loss) applicable to common shareholders 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) applicable to common shareholders 

Basic income (loss) per common share 

Diluted income (loss) per common share 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2021 

Preferred stock issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Preferred stock issued for cryptocurrency 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services and compensation 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock repurchased 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock repurchased from related parties 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock cancelled 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for warrant exercise 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Derivative liability recorded for warrants issued with preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liability extinguished for warrants exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Class B units of subsidiary issued to a related party for asset acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Contributed capital 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Common stock issued for services and compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock repurchased 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock repurchased from related parties 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock cancelled 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Contributed capital 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

INVESTVIEW
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Stock issued for services and compensation 

Lease cost, net of repayment 

(Gain) loss on asset acquisition 
 - 

(Gain) loss on debt extinguishment 

(Gain) loss on disposal of assets 

(Gain) loss on Class B Units of subsidiary issued to a related party for asset acquisition 
 - 

Loss on fair value of derivative liability 

Realized (gain) loss on cryptocurrency 

Bad debt expense 

Impairment expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid assets 

Income tax paid in advance 
 
 - 
 
 Other current assets 

Deposits 
 - 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Income tax payable 

Customer advance 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued interest 

Accrued interest, related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash received from the disposal of fixed assets 

Cash paid for fixed assets 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from related party debt 
 - 

Repayments for related party debt 

Repayments for debt 

Payments for shares repurchased 

Payments for shares repurchased from related parties 

Dividends paid 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 
 - 

Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate translation on cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Prepaid assets reclassified to fixed assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fixed asset acquired with cryptocurrency 

Fixed assets moved to inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock cancelled 

Derivative liability recorded for warrants issued 
 - 

Derivative liability extinguished with warrant exercise 
 - 

Recognition of lease liability and ROU asset at lease commencement 

Preferred shares issued in exchange for cryptocurrency 
 - 

Dividends declared 

Dividends paid with cryptocurrency 

Debt extinguished in exchange for cryptocurrency 

Related party debt extinguished in exchange for cryptocurrency 
 - 

Net assets acquired for noncontrolling interest in subsidiary 
 - 

Contributed capital 
 - 

Class B units of subsidiary issued to a related party for asset acquisition 
 - 

Contribution of crypto currency from related party 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

, under the laws of the state of Utah as the Uintah Mountain Copper Mining Company. In January
2005, we changed domicile to Nevada and changed our name to Voxpath Holding, Inc. In September of 2006, we merged with The Retirement
Solution Inc. and then changed our name to TheRetirementSolution.Com, Inc. Subsequently, in October 2008 we changed our name to Global
Investor Services, Inc., before changing our name to Investview, Inc., on March 27, 2012. 

Effective
April 1, 2017, we closed on a Contribution Agreement with the members of Wealth Generators, LLC, a limited liability company Wealth
Generators ), pursuant to which the Wealth Generators members contributed of the outstanding securities of Wealth Generators
in exchange for an aggregate of shares of our common stock. Following this transaction, Wealth Generators became our wholly
owned subsidiary, and the former members of Wealth Generators became our stockholders and controlled the majority of our outstanding
common stock. 

On
June 6, 2017, we entered into an Acquisition Agreement with Market Trend Strategies, LLC, a company whose members are also former members
of our management. Under the Acquisition Agreement, we spun-off our operations that existed prior to the merger with Wealth Generators
and sold the intangible assets used in those pre-merger operations in exchange for Market Trend Strategies assumption of 
in pre-merger liabilities. 

On
February 28, 2018, we filed a name change for Wealth Generators, LLC to Kuvera, LLC Kuvera ). 

On
January 17, 2019, we renamed our non-operating wholly owned subsidiary WealthGen Global, LLC to SAFETek, LLC, a Utah limited liability
company. 

On
January 11, 2021, we filed a name change for Kuvera, LLC to iGenius, LLC iGenius and on February 2, 2021, we filed a
name change for Kuvera (N.I.) Limited to iGenius Global LTD. 

On
September 20, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a change in our fiscal year from March 31 to December 31. 

Nature
of Business 

We
operate a financial technology (FinTech) services company in several different businesses. We deliver multiple products and services
through a direct selling network, also known as multi-level marketing, of independent distributors that offer our products and services
through a subscription-based revenue model to our distributors, as well as by our distributors to a large base of customers that we refer
to as members . Through this business, we provide research, education, and investment tools designed to assist the self-directed
investor in successfully navigating the financial markets. These services include research and education regarding equities, options,
FOREX, ETFs, binary options, and cryptocurrency. In addition to trading research and education, we also offer software applications to
assist the individual in debt reduction, increased savings, budgeting, and proper tax management. Each product subscription includes
a core set of trading tools and research along with the personal finance management suite to provide an individual with complete access
to the information necessary to cultivate and manage his or her financial situation. In addition to our education subscriptions, through
a distribution arrangement we have with a third party, we have provided our members with an opportunity to purchase through such third
party, a specialty form of adaptive digital currency called ndau . Through our direct selling model, we compensate our distributors
with commissions under a standard bonus plan that allows for discretionary bonuses based on performance. 

We
also operate a blockchain technology business that provides leading-edge research, development, and FinTech services involving the management
of digital asset technologies with a focus on Bitcoin mining and the new generation of digital assets. As well, in order to, among other
things, commercialize on the proprietary trading platform we acquired from MPower Trading Systems, LLC MPower ), take advantage
of the market s increasing acceptance and expansion of the ownership and use of digital currencies as an investable asset class,
subject to applicable regulatory limitations, and to proactively respond to increasing regulatory scrutiny relative to cryptocurrency
products, we have adopted a growth plan that contemplates the establishment of a suite of financial service business that would offer,
among others, self-directed brokerage services, institutional trade execution services, innovative advisory services (RIA, CTA), and
codeless algorithmic trading technologies. It was our expectation to develop these businesses over time, starting with the acquisition
of a broker-dealer that could serve as a platform for growth. Towards that end, in March 2021 we entered into an agreement to acquire
a brokerage firm from an affiliate of the former Chief Executive Officer of the Company. However, having been unable to secure the requisite
FINRA approval by the expiration of that agreement, we terminated the transaction on June 14, 2022, and commenced a search for alternative
acquisitions within the brokerage industry. Further, until we are able to start this business, we recently elected to wind down the registration
of a dormant investment advisor and commodity trading advisor we own, as we concluded there to be no material benefit to retaining an
interest in these regulated businesses until we are able to launch our broader-based financial services model. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

The
following rates were used to translate the accounts of Kuvera France S.A.S. and the activity from our Euro bank account into USD for
the following operating periods: 

Year ended
December 31, 2022 
 Nine Months ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Euro to USD 

. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash balances that exceeded FDIC limits were and , respectively.
We have not experienced significant losses relating to these concentrations in the past. 

Restricted cash, current 

Restricted cash, long term 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown on the statement of cash flows 

Amount
included in restricted cash represent funds required to be held in an escrow account by a contractual agreement and will be used for
paying dividends to our Series B Preferred Stockholders. 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. A portion of our Receivables balance is for amounts held in reserve by our merchant processors for future returns
and chargebacks. The amount held in reserve was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Computer equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Data processing equipment 

Construction in progress 
 N/A 
 - 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net book value 

Total
depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively, all of which was recorded
in our general and administrative expenses on our statement of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we sold assets with
a total net book value of for cash of , therefore recognized a gain on disposal of assets of . During the
nine months ended December 31, 2021 we sold assets with a total net book value of for cash of , therefore recognized a
gain on disposal of assets of . 

current and restricted long term) and current
and restricted long term), respectively. Cryptocurrencies purchased or received for payment from customers are recorded in accordance
with ASC 350-30 and cryptocurrencies awarded to the Company through its mining activities for the year ended December 31,
2022 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2021) are accounted for in connection with the Company s revenue recognition
policy. The use of cryptocurrencies is accounted for in accordance with the first in first out method of accounting. For the year ended
December 31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we recorded realized gains (losses) on our cryptocurrency transactions
of and , respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we recognized
impairment expense of and , respectively. The impairment was due to carrying value of our ndau coins exceeding its fair value
what was determined by using a five-day look back of the volume weighted average price of ndau as of December 31, 2022. 

On
March 22, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreement to acquire the operating assets and intellectual property rights of MPower
Trading Systems LLC, a company controlled and partially owned by David B. Rothrock and James R. Bell, two of our board members (see NOTE
12). As a result, we obtained Prodigio, a proprietary software-based trading platform with applications within the brokerage industry,
which was valued at and recorded on our balance sheet as an intangible asset as of December 31, 2021. The intangible asset
was expected to have a definite life, however, during the year ended December 31, 2022 the software had not been placed in service, therefore
a useful life had not been assigned and no amortization had been recorded. Instead, as of December 31, 2022, the intangible asset was
conservatively impaired due to a question on the recoverability of the value recorded. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

We
evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets based upon future net cash flows expected to result from the asset, including eventual
disposition. Should impairment in value be indicated, the carrying value of intangible assets will be adjusted and an impairment loss
is recorded equal to the difference between the asset s carrying value and fair value or disposable value. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we impaired computer equipment with a cost basis of ,
furniture fixtures and equipment with a cost basis of ,
and data processing equipment with a cost basis of .
The impairment was due to disposals of computer equipment and furniture fixtures and equipment and the carrying value of our data processing equipment exceeding its fair
value which was determined using the price that similar equipment would sell for in the open market. We had recorded accumulated depreciation for the impaired assets of 
through the date of disposal, therefore we recorded 
as impairment expense related to the fixed assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. Also, during the year ended December 31,
2022 we impaired intangible assets of 
due to questions regarding the recoverability of the asset value (see NOTE 12). 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we impaired computer equipment with a cost basis of and we impaired data processing equipment
with a cost basis of due to disposals. We had recorded accumulated depreciation for the impaired assets of through
the date of disposal, therefore we recorded as impairment expense during the nine months ended December 31, 2021. 

Total Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Items
recorded or measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the accompanying consolidated financial statements consisted of the following
items as of December 31, 2021: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Total Assets 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liability 
 - 
 - 

Total Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

and
 , respectively. 

Mining
Revenue 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary, SAFETek, LLC, we leased equipment under a sales-type lease through June of 2020. In June of 2020 we cancelled
all leases and purchased all of the rights and obligations under the leases, which included obtaining ownership of all equipment. We
use the equipment on blockchain networks to validate and add blocks of transactions to blockchain ledgers (commonly referred to as mining ).
As compensation for mining we are issued fees from processors and/or block rewards that are newly created cryptocurrency units granted
to us. Our mining activities constitute our ongoing major and central operations of SAFETek, LLC. Because we do not have contracts, nor
do we have customers associated with our mining revenue, we recognize revenue when fees and/or rewards are settled, or ultimately granted
to us as a result of our mining activities. 

Cryptocurrency
Revenue 

We
generate revenue from the sale of cryptocurrency packages to our customers through an arrangement with third-party suppliers. The various
packages include different amounts of coin with differing rates of returns and terms and, in some cases prior to January 2022, included
a product protection option that allows the purchaser to protect their initial purchase price. . 

We
recognize cryptocurrency revenue in accordance with ASC 606-10 where revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract
with a customer and recognized when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. Our performance obligation is to
arrange for the third-parties to provide coin and protection (if applicable) to our customers and payment is received from our customers
at the time of order placement. All customers are given two weeks to request a refund, therefore we record a customer advance on our
balance sheet upon receipt of payment. After the two weeks have passed from order placement, we request our third-party suppliers to
deliver coin and protection (if applicable), at which time we recognize revenue and the amounts due to our suppliers on our books. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our customer advances related to cryptocurrency revenue were and , respectively. 

Mining
Equipment Repair Revenue 

Through
our wholly owned subsidiary, SAFETek, LLC, we repair broken mining equipment for sale to third-party customers. We recognize miner equipment
repair revenue in accordance with ASC 606-10 where revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract with a customer
and recognized when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. Our performance obligation is to deliver the promised
goods to our customers. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Digital
Wallet Revenue 

We
generate revenue from the sale of digital wallets to our customers through an arrangement with a third-party supplier. We offer three
tiers of wallets which include different features. The digital wallets are delivered by a third-party supplier. The sale of digital wallets to our customers was discontinued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
recognize digital wallet revenue in accordance with ASC 606-10 where revenue is measured based on a consideration specified in a contract
with a customer and recognized when we satisfy the performance obligation specified in each contract. Our performance obligation is to
arrange for the third-parties to provide the wallet to our customers and payment is received from our customers at the time of order
placement. 

Refunds, incentives, credits, and chargebacks 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Amounts paid to supplier 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net revenue 

Foreign
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million while domestic revenue for the year ended December 31,
2022 was approximately million. 

Revenue
generated for the nine months ended December 31, 2021, was as follows: 

Subscription Revenue 
 Cryptocurrency Revenue 
 Mining Revenue 
 Mining Equipment Repair Revenue 
 Total 
 
 Gross billings/receipts 

Refunds, incentives, credits, and chargebacks 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Amounts paid to supplier 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net revenue 

Foreign
revenues for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 were approximately million while domestic revenue for the nine months ended
December 31, 2021 was approximately million. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

worth of defective mining equipment to inventory and acquired numerous parts and supplies
to assist with our mining repair business. While we had incurred significant costs to build up our inventory, as of December 31, 2022
we reduced our inventory balance to the net realizable value of , made up entirely of finished goods, and recorded an impairment
expense of . As of December 31, 2021 we had inventory on our books. 

securities were excluded from the dilutive income per common share calculation for warrants, for options, 
for convertible notes, and for Class B Redeemable Units of subsidiary). 

As
of December 31, 2021 basic and diluted income per share were the same, as all securities had an antidilutive effect, therefore 
securities were excluded from the dilutive income per common share calculation for warrants, for convertible notes,
and for Class B Redeemable Units of subsidiary). 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

,
however, this was mostly due to our non-cash impairment expense of 
that was recorded to write-off 
worth of fixed assets, 
worth of inventory, 
worth of other assets, and 
worth of intangible assets. The impairment was due to disposals, assets being abandoned, and, in some cases, an estimate of expected
future cash flows that was less than the assets carrying value. The impairment expense was a non-cash charge that had no impact on
our cash flow or our liquidity and capital resources. After excluding the 
of impairment expense, we were able to show net income from operations of over 
million and we showed 
of cash provided by our operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, we have unrestricted cash of 
and a working capital balance of 
and our unrestricted cryptocurrency balance was reported at a cost basis of .
Management does not believe there are any liquidity issues as of December 31, 2022. 

as of December 31, 2022 [1] 

Convertible Promissory Note entered into on 5/27/20, net of debt discount of 
 as of December 31, 2022 [2] 

Convertible Promissory Note entered into on 11/9/20, net of debt discount of 
 as of December 31, 2022 [3] 

Promissory note entered into on 12/15/20, net of debt discount of 
 as of December 31, 2022 [4] 
 - 

Convertible Promissory Note entered into on 3/30/21, net of debt discount of 
 as of December 31, 2022 [5] 
 - 

Working Capital Promissory Note entered into on 3/22/21 [6] 

Total related-party debt 

Less: Current portion 

Related-party debt, long term 

[1] from DBR Capital, LLC, an entity controlled
 by a member of our Board of Directors, and entered into a convertible promissory note. The
 note is secured by collateral of the Company and its subsidiaries, .and certain Company shares
 pledged by non-affiliated shareholders. The note bears interest at per annum, payable
 monthly, and the principal is due and payable on . Per the original terms of
 the agreement the note was convertible into common stock at a conversion price of 
 per share, which was amended on November 9, 2020 to reduce the conversion price to 
 per share. At inception we recorded a beneficial conversion feature and debt discount of
 . During the year ended March 31, 2021, we recognized of the debt discount
 into interest expense as well as expensed an additional of interest expense on the
 note, all of which was repaid during the period. During the nine months ended December 31,
 2021, we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense as well as expensed
 an additional of interest expense on the note, of which was repaid during
 the period, leaving of accrued interest in the balance shown here. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022, we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense
 as well as expensed an additional of interest expense on the note and made payments
 for interest of , leaving no accrued interest in the balance shown here. 

[2] from DBR Capital, LLC, an entity controlled
 by a member of our Board of Directors, and entered into a convertible promissory note. The
 note is secured by collateral of the Company and its subsidiaries, .and certain Company shares
 pledged by non-affiliated shareholders. The note bears interest at per annum, payable
 monthly, and the principal is due and payable on . Per the original terms of
 the agreement the note was convertible into common stock at a conversion price of 
 per share, which was amended on November 9, 2020 to reduce the conversion price to 
 per share. At inception we recorded a beneficial conversion feature and debt discount of
 . During the year ended March 31, 2021 we recognized of the debt discount
 into interest expense as well as expensed an additional of interest expense on the
 note, all of which was repaid during the period. During the nine months ended December 31,
 2021 we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense as well as expensed
 an additional of interest expense on the note, of which was repaid during
 the period, leaving of accrued interest in the balance shown here. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022 we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense
 as well as expensed an additional of interest expense on the note and made payments
 for interest of , leaving no accrued interest in the balance shown here. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

[3] from DBR Capital, LLC, an entity controlled
 by a member of our Board of Directors, and entered into a convertible promissory note. The
 note is secured by collateral of the Company and its subsidiaries, .and certain Company shares
 pledged by non-affiliated shareholders. The note bears interest at per annum, made
 up of a interest rate per annum and a facility fee of per annum, payable monthly
 beginning February 1, 2021, and the principal is due and payable on . Per the
 terms of the agreement the note is convertible into common stock at a conversion price of
 per share. At inception we recorded a beneficial conversion feature and debt discount
 of . During the year ended March 31, 2021 we recognized of the debt discount
 into interest expense as well as expensed an additional of interest expense on the
 note, all of which was repaid during the period. During the nine months ended December 31,
 2021 we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense as well as expensed
 an additional of interest expense on the note, of which was repaid during
 the period, leaving of accrued interest in the balance shown here. During the year
 ended December 31, 2022 we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense
 as well as expensed an additional of interest expense on the note and made payments
 for interest of , leaving accrued interest in the balance shown here. 

[4] from Wealth Engineering, an entity controlled
 by former members of our management team and Board of Directors, and entered into a promissory
 note for . The term of the note required monthly repayments of per month
 for 30 months. At inception we recorded a debt discount of representing the difference
 between the cash received and the total amount to be repaid. During the year ended March
 31, 2021 we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense and made four monthly
 repayments totaling . During the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we recognized
 of the debt discount into interest expense and made nine monthly repayments totaling
 . During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recognized of the debt discount
 into interest expense and made a payment of to pay the note in full. 

[5] promissory note with of accrued interest,
 along with a short-term advance, with Joseph Cammarata, our then Chief Executive
 Officer. The new note had a principal balance of , was given a interest rate,
 and was convertible at per share. As a result of the fixed conversion price we recorded
 a beneficial conversion feature and debt discount of , which was equal to the face
 value of the note. During the year ended March 31, 2021 we recognized of the debt
 discount into interest expense as well as expensed of interest expense on the new debt.
 Effective September 21, 2021 we entered into an amendment to the note to extend the due date
 to September 30, 2022, allow for partial conversions, and change the conversion price to
 per share. As the terms of the note changed substantially, we accounted for the amendment
 as an extinguishment and new note. Through September 21, 2021 we recognized of the
 initial debt discount into interest expense, removed of the remaining debt discount
 from the books, recorded a beneficial conversion feature due to the fixed conversion price
 and a debt discount of , which was equal to the face value of the amended note,
 and recorded a net into additional paid in capital as a gain due to the extinguishment
 transaction being between related parties and thus a capital transaction (see NOTE 9). From
 September 21, 2021, the date of the amendment and through December 31, 2021 we recognized
 of the debt discount into interest expense. Also, during the nine months
 ended December 31, 2021 we expensed of interest expense on the debt, resulting in
 an accrued interest balance of as of December 31, 2021. From January 1, 2022 through March 30, 2022, the date the note was repaid,
we recognized of the debt discount into interest expense. Upon repayment of the loan, we recognized the remaining debt discount
of into interest expense. Also, during the year ended December
 31, 2022 we expensed of interest expense on the note and made a payment to pay the
 note and accrued interest in full. During February 2022, we provided 30 days notice
 of our intent to retire and repay the Cammarata Note in cash. Having not timely received
 a properly executed conversion notice within the proscribed period and citing certain breaches
 of Mr. Cammarata s fiduciary duty to us, as well as damages incurred by us arising
 from Mr. Cammarata s legal proceedings, on March 30, 2022, we tendered to Mr. Cammarata
 cash payment in full for the Cammarata Note. As of the date of this filing, Mr. Cammarata
 has not yet accepted our tender of the cash payment, and instead has asserted his entitlement
 to exercise his right to convert the Cammarata Note into our common shares. At September
 30, 2022, we canceled the million check issued to Mr. Cammarata and recorded the amount
 due in accrued liabilities. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

[6] of the operating
 assets of SSA Technologies LLC, an entity that owns and operates a FINRA-registered broker-dealer.
 SSA is controlled and partially owned by Joseph Cammarata, our former Chief Executive Officer.
 Commencing upon execution of the agreements and through the closing of the transactions,
 we agreed to provide certain transition service arrangements to SSA. In connection with the
 transactions, we entered into a Working Capital Promissory Note with SSA under which SSA
 was to have advanced to us up to before the end of 2021; however, SSA has only
 provided advances of to date. The note bears interest at the rate of per
 annum therefore we recognized worth of interest expense on the loan during the nine
 months ended December 31, 2021. The note was due and payable by January 31, 2022; however,
 has not yet been repaid as we consider our legal options in light of SSA s failure
 to complete its funding obligations. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded
 interest expense of on the note. The note was to have been secured by the pledge
 of shares of our common stock; however, it remains unsecured as the pledge of
 shares was not implemented at the closing of the loan. 

In
addition to the above related party debt transactions that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, during
the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we obtained a short-term advance of 
from Wealth Engineering, an entity controlled by Mario Romano and Annette Raynor, former members of our management team and Board of
Directors. The advance was repaid in full during the nine months ended December 31, 2021. 

Other
Related Party Arrangements 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered into a Separation and Release Agreement (the Separation Agreements with Mario
Romano and Annette Raynor, two of the Company s founders and former members of management and the Board of Directors, and Wealth
Engineering, LLC, an affiliate of Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor. Under the Separation Agreements, Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor resigned their
positions as officers and directors of the Company effective immediately upon execution of the Separation Agreements as they each transitioned
to the roles of strategic advisors to the Company. In conjunction with the Separation Agreements Mr. Romano and Ms. Raynor forfeited
 shares each, which were returned to the Company and cancelled, and we repurchased a total of shares from Mr. Romano
and Ms. Raynor in exchange for cash of , which was paid to federal and state taxing authorities on behalf of Wealth Engineering,
LLC as payment for the estimated federal and state taxes that Wealth Engineering, LLC may be subject to in connection with the vesting
of Company restricted shares that vested on July 22, 2021 (see NOTE 9). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded shares as forfeited as a result of 1) our Chief Financial Officer returning
 shares to the Company prior to their vesting date and 2) our senior management team and board of directors unanimously agreeing
to surrender and terminate an aggregate of outstanding unvested restricted shares and ungranted shares in exchange
for the issuance of options to purchase shares (see NOTE 9). 

DBR
Capital LLC, an affiliate of our Chairman DBR Capital ), has been an investor in Oneiro NA, Inc. Oneiro since 2016, and currently serves as a worldwide marketing and distribution agent for Oneiro. Oneiro has been our third-party supplier
of ndau coins. In connection with its affiliation with Oneiro, DBR Capital is entitled to certain performance fees from Oneiro for worldwide
sales of ndau introduced by DBR Capital, including purchases by Investview or any affiliates of Investview. ndau coins. 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2021, DBR Capital elected to contribute ndau coins to us. These coins were valued as of the
day of receipt at and are recorded as an addition to Additional Paid in Capital (see NOTE 9). The contribution of these coins
to the Company by DBR Capital was in recognition of the recent reorganization of the executive management team and Board of Directors
of Investview, and to avoid the appearance of any potential conflicts of interest associated with the marketing and distribution arrangement
DBR Capital has with Oneiro. DBR Capital further renounced and assigned to the Company for its discretionary use, its rights in and to
any further performance fees related to ndau sales by Oneiro to the Company for so long as Mr. Rothrock remains either an executive officer
or director of the Company. 

The
loans referenced in footnotes 1-3 above, were advanced under a Securities Purchase Agreement we entered into on April 27, 2020, with
DBR Capital. Under the Securities Purchase Agreement (which was subsequently amended and restated), DBR Capital agreed to advance up
to million to us in a series of up to five closings through December 31, 2022, of which the amounts advanced covered in footnotes
1-3 above constituted the first three closings. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

On
August 12, 2022, we and DBR Capital, entered into a Fourth Amendment to the now Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement that
extends the deadlines for the fourth and fifth closings under that Agreement from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024. The fourth
and fifth closings remain at the sole discretion of DBR Capital and we cannot provide any assurance that they will occur when contemplated
or ever. 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we sold cryptocurrency packages to related parties for gross proceeds of to Gravitas and
we paid related parties worth of commissions on the sales of our products. Of the in commissions, was
paid to TFU, was paid to Fidelis Funds, was paid to Marketing Mavens, LLC, an entity owned by the spouse of Annette
Raynor, and was paid to the children of Mario Romano and Annette Raynor. Also, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021,
we paid consulting fees to Wealth Engineering, LLC, an entity owned by Mario Romano and Annette Raynor, of , and made dividend
payments to the children of Mario Romano of . We also paid expenses of MPower in the amounts of and , respectively,
under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on March 22, 2021 and we closed on the acquisition of MPower s
net assets on September 3, 2021. We also recorded shares as forfeited as a result of 1) our Chief Accounting Officer returning
 shares to the Company prior to their vesting date and 2) Joseph Cammarata, Mario Romano, and Annette Raynor, three former members
of our management team and Board of Directors, that resigned from their positions with the Company; thus losing their rights to 
shares that were to have vested upon the annual anniversaries of their award grant date, had they still been directors at such a date.
As a result of the forfeitures, we reversed previously recognized compensation cost of during the nine months ended December
31, 2021. Also, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021, shares were surrendered by members of our then Board of Directors
in exchange for our agreement to cover in tax withholdings (see NOTE 9). During the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022, 
shares were surrendered by a member of our iGenius leadership team in exchange for our agreement to cover in tax withholdings. 

Long term notes for APEX lease buyback [2] 

Total debt 

Less: Current portion 

Debt, long term portion 

[1] from a loan entered into with the U.S. Small
 Business Administration. Under the terms of the loan interest is to accrue at a rate of 
 per annum and installment payments of monthly will begin twelve months from the date
 of the loan, with all interest and principal due and payable thirty years from the date of
 the loan. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31,
 2021 we recorded and worth of interest on the loan, respectively. During
 the year ended December 31, 2022 we also made repayments on the loan of . 

[2] 
 in exchange for the cancellation
of APEX leases previously entered into, which resulted in our purchase of all rights and obligations under the leases. We agreed to settle
a portion of the debt during the year ended March 31, 2021, at a discount to the original note terms offered, by making lump sum payments,
issuing 
 shares of our common stock,
issuing 
 shares of our preferred stock,
and issuing cryptocurrency. The remaining notes are all due December 31, 2024 and have fixed monthly payments that are equal to 
of the face value of the note, divided by 48 months. The monthly payments began the last day of January 2021 and continue until December
31, 2024 when the last monthly payment will be made, along with a balloon payment equal to 25 of the face value of the note, to extinguish
the debt. During the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we repaid a portion of the debt with cash payments of 
 and issuances of cryptocurrency
valued at .
During the year ended December 31, 2022 we repaid a portion of the debt with cash payments of 
 and issuances of cryptocurrency
valued at . 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Derivative liability recorded on new instruments (see NOTE 9) 

Derivative extinguished with warrant exercise (see NOTE 9) 

Change in fair value 

Derivative liability at December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value 

Derivative liability at December 31, 2022 

We
use the binomial option pricing model to estimate fair value for those instruments convertible into common stock, at inception, at conversion
or settlement date, and at each reporting date. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021,
the assumptions used in our binomial option pricing model were in the following range: 

 - 

- 

Expected life in years 

- 

Expected volatility 

- 

- 

.
 . Under the lease, we
are obligated to pay twelve monthly installments to cover an annual utility charge of per rentable square foot for electric usage
within the demised premises. As the lessor has the right to digitally meter and charge us accordingly, these payments were deemed variable
and will be expensed as incurred. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the variable lease costs amounted to . 

At
commencement of the Conroe Lease, right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities amounted to .
We have the option to extend the -month term of the Conroe Lease for three additional terms of 24 months. 

At
commencement of the Wyckoff Lease, right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities amounted to .
The term of the Wyckoff Lease is months. 

At
date of acquisition of the Haverford lease, right-of-use assets and lease liabilities obtained amounted to and , respectively.
The term of the Haverford lease was extended through December 2024 . At the extension of the Haverford Lease, right-of-use assets obtained
in exchange for new operating lease liabilities amounted to . 

Operating
lease expense was for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Operating cash flows used for the operating leases during the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term was years
and the weighted average discount rate was . 

2024 

Total 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liability 

Operating lease liability, current [1] 

Operating lease liability, long term 

[1] 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of and our board of directors has the authority
to issue one or more classes of preferred stock with rights senior to those of common stock and to determine the rights, privileges,
and preferences of that preferred stock. 

Our
Board of Directors approved the designation of of the Company s shares of preferred stock as Series B Cumulative Redeemable
Perpetual Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock ), each with a stated value of per share. Our Series B Preferred
Stockholders are entitled to votes per share and are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the annual rate of per annum
of the stated value, equal to per annum per share. The Series P Preferred Stock is redeemable at our option or upon certain change
of control events. 

During
the year ended March 31, 2021 we commenced a security offering to sell a total of units at per unit Unit Offering ),
such that each unit consisted of: years from the date of issuance, and its value has been classified as a fair value liability due
to the terms of the instrument (see NOTE 7) . 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we sold units for a total of : units for cash proceeds of 
and units for bitcoin proceeds of . In conjunction with the sale of the units we issued shares of Series B Preferred
Stock and granted warrants during the period. During the year ended December 31, 2022 units were sold under the offering and
no preferred stock was issued. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Preferred
Stock Dividends 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we recorded for the cumulative cash dividends due to the shareholders of our Series
B Preferred Stock. We made payments of in cash and issued worth of cryptocurrency to reduce the amounts owing. As a
result, we recorded as a dividend liability on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded for the cumulative cash dividends due to the shareholders of our Series B Preferred
Stock. We made payments of in cash and issued worth of cryptocurrency to reduce the amounts owing. As a result, we
recorded as a dividend liability on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Common
Stock Transactions 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we issued shares of common stock for services and compensation and recognized a total
of in stock-based compensation based on grant date fair values and vesting terms of the awards granted in the current and
prior periods. We also issued shares of common stock as a result of warrants exercised, resulting in proceeds of and an
increase in additional paid in capital of for the derivative liability extinguished with the exercise (see NOTE 7), and we recorded
an increase in additional paid in capital of for contributed capital (see NOTE 5). 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2021 we cancelled shares that had been issued but were forfeited by choice or as a result
of certain forfeiture conditions (see NOTE 5). As a result of the forfeiture, we decreased common stock by and increased additional
paid in capital by the same. Also, during the nine months ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased shares from members of our
then Board of Directors in exchange for cash of to pay for tax withholdings (see NOTE 5) and repurchased shares in
exchange for cash of to pay for tax withholdings. 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a total of in stock-based compensation based on grant date fair values and vesting
terms of awards granted in prior periods. We also cancelled shares that had been issued but were forfeited by choice or as
a result of certain forfeiture conditions (see NOTE 5). As a result, we decreased common stock by , and increased additional
paid in capital by the same. Also, during the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased shares from members of our then
Board of Directors in exchange for cash of to pay for tax withholdings (see NOTE 5) and repurchased shares in exchange
for cash of to pay for tax withholdings. 

As
of the date of this filing, shares of common stock forfeited during the nine-month period ended December 31, 2021 had not
yet been physically cancelled due to administrative delays. All forfeited shares have been deemed cancelled as of June 30, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we undertook to restructure unvested incentive equity awards previously granted to our senior leadership
team. The Company s senior management team and board of directors unanimously agreed to surrender and terminate an aggregate of
 outstanding unvested restricted shares and ungranted shares in exchange for the issuance of options to purchase
 shares, vesting in equal amounts over a five-year period, at an exercise price of per share, with a seven-year life.
The third-party valuation firm we engaged to value these options utilized the Black Scholes Model to value these options and the expense
related to these options is being recognized over their vesting terms. Total stock compensation expense related to the options for the
year ended December 31, 2022, was . 

Warrants 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we granted and warrants in conjunction with our Unit Offering, which were
valued at and , respectfully. The warrants are classified as a derivative liability on our balance sheet in accordance with
ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, based on the warrants terms that indicate a fundamental transaction could give rise
to an obligation for us to pay cash to our warrant holders (see NOTE 7). Transactions involving our warrants are summarized as follows: 

Granted 

Canceled/Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled/Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Details
of our warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class
B Units of Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Units of Class B Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC issued and outstanding.
These units were issued as consideration for the purchase of operating assets and intellectual property rights of MPower, a company controlled
and partially owned by David B. Rothrock and James R. Bell, two of our board members (see NOTE 12). . In order to properly account for the purchase transaction on the Company s financial statements,
we were required by applicable financial reporting standards to value the Class B Units issued to MPower in the transaction as of the
closing date of the MPower sale transaction (September 3, 2021). For these accounting purposes, we concluded that the fair value 
of the consideration for financial accounting purposes, at the if-converted market value of the underlying common shares was million,
based on the closing market price of on the closing date of September 3, 2021, as discounted from million by (or 
million) to reflect the significant lock up period. The fair value valuation of the Class B Units, however, was completed
relying on a certain set of methodologies that are accepted for accounting purposes and is not necessarily indicative of the fair
market value that may be implied relative to such Units in a commercial transaction not governed by financial reporting standards.
In particular, the methodology used to value the Class B Units at their fair value did not take into account any blockage
discounts that may otherwise apply after the expiration of the lock-up period in 2025; while other valuation methodologies, not bound
by financial reporting codifications, would possibly determine that the blockage discount associated with the resale of million shares
after the expiration of the lock-up period, into a marketplace that has limited market liquidity, could possibly have a material downward
influence on the valuation. 

. In January 2022, we suspended any further
offering of the product protection option in the cryptocurrency packages after the third-party provider was unable to comply with our
standard vendor compliance protocols, citing certain offshore confidentiality entitlements. That suspension will remain in place until
we are able to further validate the continued integrity of the product protection and the vendor s ability to honor its commitments
to our members. 

We
issued a promissory note to our former Chief Executive Officer, Joseph Cammarata, which, following certain modifications, on or about
March 30, 2021, was restated in the principal amount of (the Cammarata Note ). Although not originally convertible,
as per the March 30, 2021, amendment, the Cammarata Note became convertible at per share, Thereafter, effective September 21, 2021,
and following another modification, the conversion price under the Cammarata Note was reduced to per share. During February 2022,
we provided 30 days notice of our intent to retire and repay the Cammarata Note in cash. Having not timely received a properly
executed conversion notice within the proscribed period and citing certain breaches of Mr. Cammarata s fiduciary duty to us, as
well as damages incurred by us arising from Mr. Cammarata s ongoing legal proceedings, on or about March 31, 2022, we tendered
to Mr. Cammarata cash payment in full for the Cammarata Note. . 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

On
March 22, 2021, we entered into Securities Purchase Agreements to purchase of the operating assets of SSA Technologies LLC, an entity
that owns and operates a FINRA-registered broker-dealer. SSA is controlled and partially owned by Joseph Cammarata, our former Chief
Executive Officer. Commencing upon execution of the agreements and through the closing of the transactions, we agreed to provide certain
transition service arrangements to SSA. In connection with the transactions, we entered into a Working Capital Promissory Note with SSA
under which SSA was to have advanced to us up to before the end of 2021; however, SSA has only provided advances of 
to date. The note bears interest at the rate of per annum therefore we recognized worth of interest expense on the loan during
the nine months ended September 30, 2022. The note was due and payable by January 31, 2022; however, has not yet been repaid as we consider
our legal options in light of SSA s failure to complete its funding obligations. The note was to have been secured by the pledge
of shares of our common stock; however, it remains unsecured as the pledge of shares was not implemented at the closing of
the loan. 

when calculating the deferred tax assets and liabilities and income tax provision
below. 

Foreign 
 - 

Total Income (loss) before income taxes 

State 

Foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total current income tax expense 

Total income tax expense 

Amortization 

Other accruals 

Investment in partnership 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax liability 
 - 
 - 

INVESTVIEW,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

The
income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from
continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021, due to the following: 

State taxes net of federal benefit 

Valuation allowance 

Gain on settlement from debt discount and derivative liability 
 - 

Stock based compensation 

Interest 

Other 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 

At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million (tax effected) and 
million (tax effected), portions of which will begin to expire in 2025. Utilization of some of the federal and state net operating losses
carryforwards are subject to annual limitations due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986 and similar state provisions. The annual limitations may result in the expiration of net operating losses before utilization. 

The
Company will recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits as interest expense and penalties as a component of operating
expenses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions and
no amounts have been recognized in the Company s statements of operations. 

The
Company is required to file income tax returns in various States. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by federal and state
taxing authorities. The taxable years that are open under federal and state statute of limitations are 2018 through 2022. Due to net
operating loss carryforwards that remain unutilized, such loss carryforwards remain subject to review until utilized. 

nonvoting Class B Units of Investview Financial Group Holdings, LLC Units ). This acquisition closed on September 3, 2021,
and we acquired an office lease, furniture and fixtures, and Prodigio, a proprietary software-based trading platform with applications
in the brokerage industry. The Units can be exchanged at any time, within years from the date of issuance, for shares of
our common stock on a one-for-one basis and are subject to a 44 month lock up period. The fair value of the consideration,
as determined for our accounting purposes, at the if-converted market value of the common shares was million based on the closing
market price of on the closing date of September 3, 2021, as discounted from million by (or million) to reflect
the significant lock up period. The fair value valuation of the Class B Units, however, was completed relying on a certain
set of methodologies that are accepted for accounting purposes and is not necessarily indicative of the fair market value 
that may be implied relative to such Units in a commercial transaction not governed by financial reporting standards. In particular,
the methodology used to value the Class B Units at their fair value did not take into account any blockage discounts that
may otherwise apply after the expiration of the lock-up period in 2025; while other valuation methodologies, not bound by financial reporting
codifications, would possibly determine that the blockage discount associated with the resale of million shares after the expiration
of the lock-up period, into a marketplace that has limited market liquidity, could possibly have a material downward influence on the
valuation. 

The
Company determined that as of the date of the acquisition, the fair value of the Prodigio Trading Platform software was million.
 . Accordingly, the Company recorded a non-cash
loss on acquisition of million during the nine months ended December 31, 2021, as illustrated below. 

Intangible asset (Prodigio software) 

Loss on asset acquisition 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 we impaired the intangible asset of due to questions regarding the recoverability of the
asset value (see NOTE 2). 

shares of common stock as
a result of warrants exercised. 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events, we have evaluated subsequent events through the date of this filing and have determined
that there are no additional subsequent events that require disclosure. 

F- 24 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation in this Registration
Statement on Form S-8 of our report dated March 31, 2023, of Investview, Inc. relating to the audit of the consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the periods then ended, and the reference to our firm under the caption Experts 
in the Registration Statement. 

/s/
M K CPA s,
PLLC 

Houston, TX 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Victor M. Oviedo, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Investview, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting, and printed in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses
in internal controls; and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Victor M. Oviedo 

Victor
 M. Oviedo 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ralph R. Valvano, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Investview, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, and evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting, and printed in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a)
all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses
in internal controls; and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Ralph R. Valvano 

Ralph
 R. Valvano 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Investview, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Victor M. Oviedo, the Chief Executive
Officer, of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Victor M. Oviedo 

Victor
 M. Oviedo 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Investview, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December, 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ralph R. Valvano, the Chief Financial
Officer, of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 

(1)
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Ralph R. Valvano 

Ralph
 R. Valvano 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 invu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 invu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 invu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 invu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

