<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1892025_0001213900-23-024979.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6784759</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>321437</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1307331</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1598647</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1780510</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1586944</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024979.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331081532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024979
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001892025
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				650181535
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-261849
		FILM NUMBER:		23783361

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 OLD WESTBURY ROAD, SUITE 306
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590
		BUSINESS PHONE:		516-806-4201

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 OLD WESTBURY ROAD, SUITE 306
		CITY:			WESTBURY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11590

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024979.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_optimushealth.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ________ to _________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in charter) 

(State or jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone
number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: . 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022 was based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock
of 1.55 on OTC Pink maintained by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. as of that date. 

Number of common shares outstanding as of March
24, 2023 was . 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 23 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 25 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 34 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 37 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 47 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 47 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 48 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

Signatures 
 50 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as may, should, expects, 
 intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, 
 potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 

These statements relate to future events or our
future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations
include, among other things, those listed under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

Any forward-looking statement in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K reflects our current view with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and
assumptions relating to our business, results of operations, industry and future growth. Given these uncertainties, you should not place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference herein and therein and have filed as exhibits hereto and thereto
completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. 

All of our forward-looking statements are as
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only. In each case, actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking information.
We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct. An occurrence of, or any material
adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or included
in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents or filings filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and
results of operations. Except as required by law, we do not undertake or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements
to reflect actual results, changes in plans, assumptions, estimates or projections or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking
statements occurring after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear
that any forward-looking information will not be realized. Any public statements or disclosures by us following this Annual Report on
Form 10-K that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be deemed to
modify or supersede such statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contain
or may contain estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for our products,
including data regarding the estimated size of those markets and their projected growth rates. We obtained the industry and market data
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K from our own research as well as from industry and general publications, surveys and studies conducted
by third parties. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations and contains projections and estimates of the future performance
of the industries in which we operate that are subject to a high degree of uncertainty, including those discussed in Risk Factors. 
We caution you not to give undue weight to such projections, assumptions, and estimates. Further, industry and general publications,
studies and surveys generally state that they have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee
the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe that these publications, studies, and surveys are reliable, we have
not independently verified the data contained in them. In addition, while we believe that the results and estimates from our internal
research are reliable, such results and estimates have not been verified by any independent source. 

ii 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to significant risks
and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors
but these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in
the section titled Risk Factors, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the
following risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation,
financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties
that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. 

An investment in our common shares involves a
high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks summarized below. The risks are more fully discussed in the Risk
Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page 9. 

We will need additional funding in the near future to continue
our current level of operations and growth. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Our limited operating history may make it difficult for you
to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

We are a holding company and our only material assets are
its cash in hand, equity interests in its operating subsidiaries and our other investments. As a result, our principal source of revenue
and cash flow is distributions from our subsidiaries. 

We have experienced significant historical, and may experience
significant future, operating losses, and net losses, which may hinder our ability to meet working capital requirements or service our
indebtedness, and we cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet such requirements or service
our indebtedness. 

Our current sources of funding are limited, and any additional
funding that we may obtain may be on unfavorable terms and may significantly dilute our existing shareholders. 

The majority of our customers contracts can be terminated,
delayed or reduced in scope upon short notice or no notice. 

Our business and growth strategy depend on our ability to
maintain and expand our network of established, board-certified physicians, hospitals, and other provider specialists. If we are unable
to do so, our future growth would be limited and our business would be harmed. 

An Active trading market for our common stock may not develop,
and you may not be able to sell your common stock at or above the initial public offering price. 

We depend on our key personnel to manage our business effectively in a rapidly changing market.
 If we are unable to retain our key employees, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. 

Our majority shareholders, executive officers and directors
beneficially own approximately 57.8 of the outstanding voting power of the Company. As a result, they will be able to exercise significant
influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval. 

There has been a limited public market
for our common stock, and we do not know whether one will develop to provide you adequate liquidity. Furthermore, the trading price for
our common stock, should an active trading market develop, may be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in per-share price. 

Because our common stock may be deemed a low-priced penny stock, an investment in our
 common stock should be considered high-risk and subject to marketability restrictions. 

We do not currently or for the foreseeable future intend
to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We became subject to the reporting requirements with the
Securities and Exchange Commission in July 2022. Until such time as we satisfy the requirements under Rule 144(i), there may not be liquidity
in our common stock. 

iii 

PART I 

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
unless otherwise noted, the terms Company, Optimus, we, us, and our 
refer to Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

The Company is dedicated to: (1) advancing access
to clinical trial research; and (2) improving and simplifying access to vaccines and pharmaceutical products. Currently the Company provides
these services through its portfolio companies, Clinical Research Alliance, Inc. CRA ), and Worker s Health Rx (d/b/a
 Vitality Rx ). 

Our vision for the Company is to continue to
grow by acquiring controlling interests in healthcare-related businesses with strong leadership teams, innovative products and services,
and proven technologies or processes that expand access to high quality healthcare and improve overall health outcomes and physical well-being.
Our goal at Optimus is to empower physicians and patients with the information, guidance and tools needed to make informed health care
choices. The Company seeks synergies among its portfolio companies and facilitates access to its management team which has extensive
industry experience and its network of financial and business partners to help finance growth and accelerate business market trajectories. 

Clinical Research Alliance 

On December 28, 2020, the Company acquired 100 
of the outstanding equity interests in Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Optimus ), in exchange
for 9,998,899 shares of its Series A convertible preferred stock and 18,000,000 shares of its common stock. In connection with the transaction
all prior officers and directors of the Company (except director Michael Pruitt) resigned and new officers and directors were appointed
as officers and directors of the Company. On November 25, 2020, Clinical Research Alliance Acquisition Corp. CRAAC ), an
entity 99 owned by Optimus, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in CRA in exchange for 70 shares of its common stock. 

CRA provides services to a world-class team of
dedicated oncologists across the Tri-State area that are united by a shared commitment to conduct clinical research. CRA provides independent,
community-based oncology practices and hospitals in diverse communities with the necessary infrastructure and support to enroll their
patients in cutting edge clinical trials without the patients having to leave their physicians offices, hospitals or their local
communities. 

CRA currently supports a number of community-based
practices and has signed an agreement with its first acute care hospital in Brooklyn, NY. CRA s current focus is on oncology practices,
as well as hospitals in diverse communities. 

CRA contracts with pharmaceutical companies and
Contract Research Organizations CRO to conduct clinical trials (Phases I-IV) for investigational new drugs, biologics
and medical devices, and has worked with over 40 pharmaceutical companies since inception. CRA s customers consist primarily
of large and mid-sized pharmaceutical and biotech companies. In the last 12 years, CRA has helped conduct approximately 180 clinical
trials. As CRA was the highest enroller in many of these clinical trials, many of those clinical trials led to FDA approval for the trial
compounds used to treat various cancers. Depending on the clinical trial design, CRA invoices the pharmaceutical manufacturer for some
or all of the following services: startup fees, diagnostic tests, laboratory tests, patient stipends, pharmacy fees, patient visits,
document storage and the reporting of serious adverse events. 

CRA also contracts with community-based oncology
practices and hospitals in diverse communities to assist in the conduct of clinical trials. CRA s services to the community-based
oncology practices and hospitals in diverse communities include: 

(1) maintaining the documentation necessary for the conduct of
the clinical trial; 

(2) obtaining Internal Review Board IRB approval; 

(3) collecting data required by the clinical trial protocol; 

(4) filing regulatory and compliance related documentation; and 

(5) dispensing drugs necessary to conduct the clinical trial. 

1 

Our contracts with the community-based oncology
practices and hospitals include specific budgets for particular services rendered. The contracts may range in duration from a few months
to several years or longer depending on the nature of the work performed. In most cases, a portion of the contract fee is paid at the
time the contract is executed with the balance of the contract fee payable either monthly or in installments upon the achievement of
milestones over the clinical trial duration. Our contracts generally may be terminated or reduced in scope either immediately or upon
short notice. Our contracts with our community-based oncology practices and hospitals result in the payment of fees for services rendered
to the principal investigator that is conducting a particular clinical trial. The COVID-19 pandemic did not impact any open trials that
were ongoing as CRA was able to conduct business remotely instead of through on-site visits. However, it did impact the number of new
trials that were initiated in 2020 and 2021. The number of oncology trials rebounded in 2022. 

CRA employs experienced Clinical Research Coordinators
that travel to the community-based oncology practices and hospitals for required study visits. Additionally, CRA s principal investigator
for a specific clinical trial is in contact with the oncology practices and hospitals to provide the necessary oversight. Community-based
oncology practices and hospitals choose CRA because we provide the opportunity to conduct and conveniently enroll their patients in important
clinical trials often unavailable to those community-based practices and hospitals. In addition, CRA is committed to increasing clinical
trial access to patients from diverse and underserved communities that will better represent the real-world population. Although CRA s
historical focus has been in the area of oncology, in the future we intend to expand our therapeutic reach into other therapeutic areas,
including possibly gastroenterology, dermatology, cardiology, urology and ophthalmology. The National Institutes of Health estimate that
there are currently 126,164 active clinical studies in these therapeutic areas. 

The clinical research industry is fragmented,
consisting of many small, niche service providers, a number of medium-sized providers and a number of large CROs that are differentiated
by the scale of their global operations, breadth of service portfolios and supporting technology infrastructure. Companies like
CRA generally compete on the basis of previous product experience, the ability to recruit patients, the depth of therapeutic and scientific
expertise, the strength of project teams, price and increasingly on the ability to apply new innovation that can drive significant time
and cost savings throughout the development process. 

On May 1, 2020, CRA entered into a note agreement
for an aggregate principal amount of 146,250 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase under the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA (the 2020 PPP Loan ). On February 19, 2021, CRA entered into a note agreement for an aggregate principal amount of
 148,975 with JPMorgan Chase under the CARES Act administered by the SBA (the 2021 PPP Loan and together with the 2020
PPP Loan, the PPP Loans ). CRA received total aggregate proceeds of 295,225 under the PPP Loans. In accordance with the
requirements of the CARES Act, CRA used proceeds from the PPP Loans primarily for payroll costs. The 2020 PPP Loan was scheduled
to mature on May 1, 2021 and the 2021 PPP Loan was scheduled to mature on February 19, 2022, each with a 1 interest rate and subject
to the terms and conditions applicable to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act. 126,545.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was forgiven
on March 26, 2021. The remaining balance of 19,136.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was not forgiven because an employee was terminated during
the period. This amount is due in five years and is being repaid on a monthly basis. The 2021 PPP Loan was fully forgiven on November
3, 2021. 

PainScript 

On March 25, 2021, Optimus Health, Inc. Optimus
Health ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in AdhereRx Corporation (d/b/a
PainScript) PainScript in exchange for an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, including
shares issuable upon satisfaction of certain milestones. On December 28, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the stock acquisition
agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and Daniel Cohen, pursuant to which we agreed to modify the commercial
milestones which needed to be achieved for the release of 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be equal to: (i) the
generation of at least 80,000 in aggregate revenue between December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022; or (ii) between December 31, 2021 and
March 31, 2022, the entry into one or more commercial enterprise contracts that will generate revenue during their term not less than
 200,000 from commercial sales of the Chronic Care Management application (a Commercialization Success ). On April 13, 2022,
we entered into a second amendment to the stock acquisition agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and Daniel
Cohen, pursuant to which we agreed that upon a Commercialization Success and the Company s receipt of revenue in excess of 200,000
from the commercial enterprise contracts entered into in connection with such Commercialization Success or a Change of Control (as defined
therein), the Company shall release the 400,000 shares of Company common stock to the PainScript shareholders. 

On December 7, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock acquisition agreement (the Dec 2022 Agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and certain
shareholders of the Company pursuant to which the Company agreed to exchange 100 of the outstanding shares of PainScript for 1,600,000
shares of the Company s common stock, which shares were then cancelled. The transactions contemplated by the Dec 2022 Agreement
closed on December 15, 2022. In connection with the closing of the Dec 2022 Agreement, the 400,000 earnout shares issued to the former
shareholders of PainScript were also cancelled. In addition, at closing, the Company provided a loan in the aggregate principal amount
of 200,000 to PainScript to cover employee liabilities and general working capital. The loan bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum
and matures on the one-year anniversary of the original issuance date. To date, interest payments have been made on a timely basis. The
loan is secured by a pledge of a majority of the voting capital stock of PainScript held by certain PainScript shareholders. The Company
also contributed 100,000 to PainScript in order to cover outstanding liabilities. 

2 

Vitality Rx 

On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock purchase agreement with Worker s Health Rx, Inc., d/b/a Vitality Rx Vitality Rx and Marc Wiener, the sole
shareholder, who is also our President, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Vitality Rx in exchange
for the issuance of 250,000 shares of our common stock and 350,000. The cash portion of the purchase price has been paid in full. 

Vitality Rx is an early-stage pharmacy dedicated to serving the pharmacy
needs of patients in the community and residing in Assisted Living and Independent Living facilities throughout the tristate area. 
The pharmacy anticipates maintaining an inventory of brand and generic medications needed to meet the needs of this population. In addition,
Vitality Rx is exploring the possibility of providing intravenous immunoglobulin IVIG to physician offices in the community:
including but not limited to: neurologists, Ob/Gyn infectious disease. This offering is in a preliminary stage as a business
plan is being constructed. 

Government Regulation 

Our operations are subject to comprehensive United
States federal, state and local regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Our ability to operate profitably will depend
in part upon our ability to maintain all necessary licenses and to operate in compliance with applicable laws and rules. Those laws and
rules continue to evolve, and we therefore devote significant resources to monitoring developments in healthcare and medical practice
regulation. As the applicable laws and rules change, we are likely to make conforming modifications in our business processes from time
to time. In some jurisdictions where we operate, neither our current nor our anticipated business model has been the subject of formal
judicial or administrative interpretation. We cannot be assured that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will
not result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations or that the healthcare regulatory environment will not change
in a way that impacts our operations. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, state and
federal regulatory authorities loosened or removed a number of regulatory requirements in order to increase the availability of telehealth
services. For example, many state governors issued executive orders permitting physicians and other health care professionals to practice
in their state without any additional licensure or by using a temporary, expedited or abbreviated licensure process so long as they hold
a valid license in another state. In addition, changes were made to the Medicare and Medicaid programs (through waivers and other regulatory
authority) to increase access to telehealth services by, among other things, increasing reimbursement, permitting the enrollment of out
of state providers and eliminating prior authorization requirements. It is uncertain how long these COVID-19 related regulatory changes
will remain in effect and whether they will continue beyond this public health emergency period. 

Regulation of Drugs and Biologics 

The development, testing, manufacturing, labeling,
storage, approval, promotion, marketing, distribution and post-approval monitoring and reporting of pharmaceutical, biological and medical
device products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous governmental authorities in the United States at the federal, state and
local level, including the United States Food and Drug Administration FDA ). These regulations apply to our customers and
are generally applicable to us when we are providing services to our customers, either as a result of their direct applicability, through
a transfer of regulatory obligations from our customers, or as a consequence of acting as local legal representative on behalf of our
customers in a particular country or countries. Consequently, we must comply with all relevant laws and regulations in the conduct of
our clinical research services. The following discussion describes the role of the FDA in the clinical drug development process in the
United States. Clinical trials conducted outside the United States are subject to the laws and regulations of the country where the trials
are conducted. These laws and regulations might not be similar to the laws and regulations administered by the FDA and other laws and
regulations regarding the protections of patient safety and privacy and the control of study pharmaceuticals, medical devices or other
materials. FDA laws and regulations may apply to clinical studies conducted outside the United States if, for example, such studies are
conducted under an investigational new drug application IND or offered as support for an IND. However, some regions and
countries do not allow for clinical trials to be conducted under foreign country legislation. Therefore, the FDA may waive certain requirements
such as the institutional review board IRB requirements for a foreign institutional review board/independent ethics committee IRB/IEC that operates in accordance with Good Clinical Practice GCP but may not meet may not meet all
the IRB requirements contained in Title 21 Part 56 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations. 

Prior to commencing human clinical trials in
the United States, a company developing a new drug must file an investigational new drug application IND with the United
States Food and Drug Administration FDA ). The IND must include information about pre-clinical tests, manufacturing and
control data, and a study protocol for the proposed clinical trial of the drug in humans. If the FDA does not object in writing within
30 days after filing, the IND becomes effective and the clinical trial may begin. A separate submission to an existing IND must also
be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. Each clinical trial must be conducted in accordance
with an effective IND. Similarly, the development of new medical devices in the United States requires an investigational device exemption
application IDE ), unless exempt, prior to conducting human clinical trials. For therapeutic and diagnostic products that
combine drugs, devices, and/or biological products, these are considered combination products. The FDA will make a determination based
on the prior mode of action as to which FDA center will take the lead on the review. Nonetheless, due to the nature of combination products,
there can still be differences in regulatory pathways for each component. These differences can impact regulatory processes for all aspects
of product development and management, including pre-clinical tests, clinical studies, manufacturing and control data as well as adverse
event reporting. 

3 

The study protocol must also be reviewed and
approved by an institutional review board IRB for each principal investigator s site in which a study is proposed
to be conducted and each IRB may impose additional requirements on the conduct of the study in its institution. IRB have the authority
to review, approve and monitor clinical trials, and clinical trials are subject to oversight by IRB. The industry standard for the conduct
of clinical trials is embodied in the FDA s regulations for IRB, investigators and sponsor/monitors, which regulations collectively
are termed Good Clinical Practice GCP by industry. GCP requirements address, among other things, IRBs, qualified investigators,
informed consent, recordkeeping and reporting. Regulatory authorities enforce GCP requirements through periodic inspections, and violations
of GCP requirements could result in enforcement actions including the issuance of warning letters, civil penalties, product recalls,
criminal prosecutions or debarment from involvement in the submission of New Drug Applications/Biologics License Applications NDAs 
and BLAs, respectively). Our global standard operating procedures are written in accordance with all applicable FDA and
GCP requirements. This enables our work to be conducted locally to standards that meet all currently applicable regulatory requirements.
We must also maintain records and documentation in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements for each study for auditing by
the customer and regulatory authorities. 

If a clinical trial is not conducted in accordance
with regulatory requirements, the applicable regulatory agency may require that a clinical trial be modified, suspended or terminated,
and we or our customers may be subject to a variety of sanctions. For example, violations could result, depending on the nature of the
violation and the type of product involved, in the issuance of a warning or untitled letter, suspension or termination of a clinical
study, refusal of the FDA to approve clinical trial or marketing applications or withdrawal of such applications, injunction, seizure
of investigational products, civil penalties, criminal prosecutions, or debarment from assisting in the submission of new drug applications.
IRBs may also suspend or terminate research not conducted in accordance with IRB requirements or that has been associated with unexpected
serious harm to subjects. 

After receiving IRB approval, clinical trials
usually start on a small scale to assess safety and then expand to larger trials to test both efficacy and safety in the target population.
The trials are generally conducted in three phases (Phases I, II and III), which may overlap or be combined, although the FDA may require,
or sponsors may voluntarily conduct, a fourth phase of clinical trials (Phase IV) as a condition of approval or to obtain additional
data on the product under investigation, respectively. After the successful completion of the first three clinical phases, a company
requests approval for marketing its product by submitting an NDA for a drug or a BLA for a biologic product. NDAs/BLAs are comprehensive
filings that include, among other things, the results of all preclinical and clinical studies, information about how the product will
be manufactured, additional stability data and proposed labeling. 

Medical Practice, Certification and Related
Laws and Guidelines 

The practice of medicine is subject to various
federal, state and local certification and licensing laws, regulations, approvals and standards, relating to, among other things, the
adequacy of medical care, the practice of medicine (including the provision of remote care), equipment, personnel, operating policies
and procedures and the prerequisites for the prescription of medication and ordering of tests. The application of some of these laws
to telehealth is unclear and subject to differing interpretation. 

Corporate Practice of Medicine Laws in
the U.S.; Fee Splitting 

We contract with physicians or physician owned
professional associations and professional corporations to provide access to our platform and services to them and their patients. We
have entered into management services contracts that outline the nature of our relationships with them, and they pay us for those services
via management and other service fees. These contractual relationships are subject to various state laws, including those of New York,
Texas and California, that prohibit fee splitting or the practice of medicine by lay entities or persons and that are intended to prevent
unlicensed persons from interfering with or influencing a physician s professional judgment. Activities other than those directly
related to the delivery of healthcare may be considered an element of the practice of medicine in many states. Under the corporate practice
of medicine restrictions of certain states, decisions and activities such as scheduling, contracting, setting rates and the hiring and
management of non-clinical personnel may implicate the restrictions on the corporate practice of medicine. 

State corporate practice of medicine and fee
splitting laws and rules vary from state to state and are not always consistent among states. In addition, these requirements are subject
to broad interpretation and enforcement by state regulators. Some of these requirements may apply to us even if we do not have a physical
presence in the state, based solely on our engagement of a provider licensed in the state or the provision of telehealth to a resident
of the state. Thus, regulatory authorities or other parties, including our providers, may assert that, despite these arrangements, we
are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that our contractual arrangements with affiliated physician groups constitute unlawful
fee splitting. In such event, failure to comply could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or our affiliated
providers, civil, criminal or administrative penalties, receipt of cease-and-desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses,
the need to make changes to the terms of engagement of our providers that interfere with our business, and other materially adverse consequences. 

4 

U.S. Federal and State Fraud and Abuse
Laws 

Federal Stark Law 

We are subject to the federal self-referral prohibitions,
commonly known as the Stark Law. Where applicable, this law prohibits a physician from referring Medicare patients for designated
health services such as laboratory and radiology services that are furnished at an entity if the physician or a member of such
physician s immediate family has a financial relationship with the entity, unless an exception applies. Sanctions
for violating the Stark Law include denial of payment, civil monetary penalties of up to 25,820 per claim submitted and exclusion from
the federal health care programs. Failure to refund amounts received as a result of a prohibited referral on a timely basis may constitute
a false or fraudulent claim and may result in civil penalties and additional penalties under the FCA. The statute also provides for a
penalty of up to 172,137 for a circumvention scheme. The Stark Law is a strict liability statute, which means proof of specific intent
to violate the law is not required. In addition, the government and some courts have taken the position that claims presented in violation
of the various statutes, including the Stark Law, can be considered a violation of the federal False Claims Act (described below) based
on the contention that a provider impliedly certifies compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and other rules when submitting
claims for reimbursement. A determination of liability under the Stark Law could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Federal Anti-Kickback Statute 

We are also subject to the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broadly worded and prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of
any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person covered by Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental
programs, (ii) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental
programs or (iii) the purchasing, leasing or ordering or arranging or recommending purchasing, leasing or ordering of any item or service
reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs. Certain federal courts have held that the Anti-Kickback Statute
can be violated if one purpose of a payment is to induce referrals. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have
actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation, making it easier for the government
to prove that a defendant had the requisite state of mind or scienter required for a violation. Moreover, the government
may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent
claim for purposes of the False Claims Act, as discussed below. Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may result in civil monetary
penalties up to 104,330 for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved. Civil penalties for such conduct can further
be assessed under the federal False Claims Act. Violations of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute can also result in criminal penalties,
including criminal fines of more than 100,000 and imprisonment of up to 10 years. Similarly, violations can result in exclusion from
participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Imposition of any of these remedies could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition to a few statutory exceptions, the OIG has
published safe-harbor regulations that outline categories of activities that are deemed protected from prosecution under the Anti-Kickback
Statute provided all applicable criteria are met. The failure of a financial relationship to meet all of the applicable safe harbor criteria
does not necessarily mean that the particular arrangement violates the Anti-Kickback Statute. However, conduct and business arrangements
that do not fully satisfy each applicable safe harbor may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities, such as
the OIG. 

Although we believe that our arrangements with
physicians and other referral sources comply with current law and available interpretative guidance, as a practical matter, it is not
always possible to structure our arrangements so as to fall squarely within an available safe harbor. Where that is the case, we cannot
guarantee that applicable regulatory authorities will determine these financial arrangements do not violate the Anti-Kickback Statute
or other applicable laws, including state anti-kickback laws. 

False Claims Act 

Both federal and state government agencies have
continued civil and criminal enforcement efforts as part of numerous ongoing investigations of healthcare companies and their executives
and managers. Although there are a number of civil and criminal statutes that can be applied to healthcare providers, a significant number
of these investigations involve the federal False Claims Act. These investigations can be initiated not only by the government but also
by a private party asserting direct knowledge of fraud. These qui tam whistleblower lawsuits may be initiated against any
person or entity alleging such person or entity has knowingly or recklessly presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent
request for payment from the federal government, or has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim approved. In addition,
the improper retention of an overpayment for 60 days or more is also a basis for a False Claim Act action, even if the claim was originally
submitted appropriately. Penalties for False Claims Act violations include fines ranging from 11,665 to 23,331 for each false claim,
plus up to three times the amount of damages sustained by the federal government. A False Claims Act violation may provide the basis
for exclusion from the federally funded healthcare programs. 

5 

State Fraud and Abuse Laws 

Several states in which we operate have also
adopted or may adopt similar fraud, whistleblower and false claims laws as described above. The scope of these laws and the interpretations
of them vary by jurisdiction and are enforced by local courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. Some state fraud
and abuse laws apply to items or services reimbursed by Medicaid programs and any third-party payer, including commercial insurers or
to any payer, including to funds paid out of pocket by a patient. A determination of liability under such state fraud and abuse laws
could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 

Other Healthcare Laws 

HIPAA established several separate criminal penalties
for making false or fraudulent claims to insurance companies and other non-governmental payers of healthcare services. Under HIPAA, these
two additional federal crimes are: Healthcare Fraud and False Statements Relating to Healthcare Matters. 
The Healthcare Fraud statute prohibits knowingly and recklessly executing a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare benefit program,
including private payers. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment, or exclusion from government
sponsored programs. The False Statements Relating to Healthcare Matters statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing,
or covering up a material fact by any trick, scheme or device or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in
connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may
result in fines or imprisonment. This statute could be used by the government to assert criminal liability if a healthcare provider knowingly
fails to refund an overpayment. These provisions are intended to punish some of the same conduct in the submission of claims to private
payers as the federal False Claims Act covers in connection with governmental health programs. 

In addition, the Civil Monetary Penalties Law
imposes civil administrative sanctions for, among other violations, inappropriate billing of services to federally funded healthcare
programs and employing or contracting with individuals or entities who are excluded from participation in federally funded healthcare
programs. Moreover, a person who offers or transfers to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration, including waivers of copayments
and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection
of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services may be liable for civil monetary
penalties of up to 10,000 for each wrongful act. Moreover, in certain cases, providers who routinely waive copayments and deductibles
for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries can also be held liable under the Anti-Kickback Statute and civil False Claims Act, which can
impose additional penalties associated with the wrongful act. One of the statutory exceptions to the prohibition is non-routine, unadvertised
waivers of copayments or deductible amounts based on individualized determinations of financial need or exhaustion of reasonable collection
efforts. The OIG emphasizes, however, that this exception should only be used occasionally to address special financial needs of a particular
patient. Although this prohibition applies only to federal healthcare program beneficiaries, the routine waivers of copayments and deductibles
offered to patients covered by commercial payers may implicate applicable state laws related to, among other things, unlawful schemes
to defraud, excessive fees for services, tortious interference with patient contracts, and statutory or common law fraud. 

U.S. State and Federal Health Information
Privacy and Security Laws 

There are numerous U.S. federal and state laws
and regulations related to the privacy and security of PII, including health information. In particular, HIPAA establishes privacy and
security standards that limit the use and disclosure of PHI, and require the implementation of administrative, physical, and technical
safeguards to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of PHI in electronic form. AMG, our health system clients, and our
health plan clients are all regulated as covered entities under HIPAA. We are a business associate of our covered entity clients when
we are working on behalf of our covered entity clients including our affiliated medical groups and also when we are providing technology
services to those clients via our telehealth platform. As a business associate, we are also directly regulated by HIPAA and are required
to provide satisfactory written assurances to our covered entity clients through written business associate agreements that we will provide
our services in accordance with HIPAA. Failure to comply with these contractual agreements could lead to loss of clients, contractual
liability to our clients, and direct action by HHS, including monetary penalties. 

Violations of HIPAA may result in civil and criminal
penalties. The civil penalties include civil monetary penalties of up to 59,552 per violation, not to exceed approximately 1.8 million
for violations of the same standard in a single calendar year (as of 2020, and subject to periodic adjustments for inflation), and in
certain circumstances, criminal penalties with fines up to 250,000 per violation and/or imprisonment. However, a single breach incident
can result in violations of multiple standards. Our management responsibilities to AMG include assisting it with its obligations under
HIPAA s breach notification rule. Under the breach notification rule, covered entities must notify affected individuals without
unreasonable delay in the case of a breach of unsecured PHI, which may compromise the privacy, security or integrity of the PHI. In addition,
notification must be provided to HHS and the local media in cases where a breach affects more than 500 individuals. Breaches affecting
fewer than 500 individuals must be reported to HHS on an annual basis. HIPAA also requires a business associate to notify its covered
entity clients of breaches by the business associate. 

6 

State attorneys general also have the right to
prosecute HIPAA violations committed against residents of their states. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action that would
allow individuals to sue in civil court for a HIPAA violation, its standards have been used as the basis for the duty of care in state
civil suits, such as those for negligence or recklessness in misusing personal information. In addition, HIPAA mandates that HHS conduct
periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities and their business associates for compliance. It also tasks HHS with establishing
a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage of the Civil Monetary
Penalty fine paid by the violator. In light of the HIPAA Omnibus Final Rule, recent enforcement activity, and statements from HHS, we
expect increased federal and state HIPAA privacy and security enforcement efforts. 

HIPAA also required HHS to adopt national standards
for electronic transactions that all healthcare providers must use when submitting or receiving certain healthcare transactions electronically.
On January 16, 2009, HHS released the final rule mandating that everyone covered by HIPAA must implement ICD 10 for medical coding on
October 1, 2013, which was subsequently extended to October 1, 2015 and is now in effect. 

Many states in which we operate and in which
our patients reside also have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information, including health information.
These laws may be similar to or even more protective than HIPAA and other federal privacy laws. For example, the laws of the State of
California, in which we operate, are more restrictive than HIPAA. Where state laws are more protective than HIPAA, we must comply with
the state laws we are subject to, in addition to HIPAA. In certain cases, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations and procedures
to comply with these more stringent state laws. Not only may some of these state laws impose fines and penalties upon violators, but,
unlike HIPAA, some may afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. In addition,
state laws are changing rapidly, and there is discussion of a new federal privacy law or federal breach notification law, to which we
may be subject. 

In addition to HIPAA and state health information
privacy laws, we may be subject to other state and federal privacy laws, including laws that prohibit unfair privacy and security acts
or practices and deceptive statements about privacy and security and laws that place specific requirements on certain types of activities,
such as data security and texting. The FTC and states attorneys general have brought enforcement actions and prosecuted some data
breach cases as unfair and/or deceptive acts or practices under the FTC Act and similar state laws. 

In recent years, there have been a number of
well publicized data breaches involving the improper use and disclosure of PII and PHI. Many states have responded to these incidents
by enacting laws requiring holders of personal information to maintain safeguards and to take certain actions in response to a data breach,
such as providing prompt notification of the breach to affected individuals and state officials and provide credit monitoring services
and/or other relevant services to impacted individuals. In addition, under HIPAA and pursuant to the related contracts that we enter
into with our clients who are covered entities, we must report breaches of unsecured PHI to our clients following discovery of the breach.
Notification must also be made in certain circumstances to affected individuals, federal authorities and others. 

Intellectual Property 

We do not own patents, copyrights or trademarks
and service marks on or in connection with our services, including both unregistered common law marks and issued trademark registrations
in several jurisdictions. Instead, we rely on other forms of intellectual property rights and measures, including trade secrets, know-how
and other unpatented proprietary processes and nondisclosure agreements, to maintain and protect proprietary aspects of our products
and technologies. These licenses are standard licenses for common, easily replaceable commercial infrastructure. We require our employees,
consultants and certain of our contractors to execute confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment or consulting relationships
with us. We also require our employees and consultants to disclose and assign to us inventions conceived during the term of their employment
or engagement while using our property or which relate to our business. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022 and March 24, 2023, the
Company, CRA and Vitality Rx had 17 and 19 employees, respectively and 12 consultants at both dates. As business activities require and
capital resources permit, we will hire additional employees and consultants to fulfill the Company s needs. None of our employees
were subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We generally consider our employee relations to be good. 

Corporate History and Information 

We were incorporated in the state of Florida
on February 26, 1990, under the name Phoenix Management Associates, Inc. On December 11, 1997, we changed our name to Americas
Senior Financial Services, Inc., on August 25, 2003, we changed our name to Amstar Financial Services, Inc., on
June 2, 2009, we changed our name to Remodel Auction, Inc., on December 7, 2011, we changed our name to North Carolina
Natural Energy, Inc., on January 8, 2014, we changed our name to Appalachian Mountain Brewery, Inc., and finally,
on November 29, 2018, we changed our name to Between Dandelions, Inc. As of January 24, 2021, our name has been further
changed to Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. 

7 

On December 7, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock acquisition agreement (the Dec 2022 Agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and certain
shareholders of the Company pursuant to which the Company agreed to exchange 100 of the outstanding shares of PainScript for 1,600,000
shares of the Company s common stock, which shares were then cancelled. The transactions contemplated by the Dec 2022 Agreement
closed on December 15, 2022. In connection with the closing of the Dec 2022 Agreement, the 400,000 earnout shares issued to the former
shareholders of PainScript were also cancelled. In addition, at closing, the Company provided a loan in the aggregate principal amount
of 200,000 to PainScript to cover employee liabilities and general working capital. The loan bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum
and matures on the one-year anniversary of the original issuance date. To date, interest payments have been made on a timely basis. The
loan is secured by a pledge of a majority of the voting capital stock of PainScript held by certain PainScript shareholders. The Company
also contributed 100,000 to PainScript in order to cover outstanding liabilities. 

On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock purchase agreement with Worker s Health Rx, Inc. Vitality Rx and Marc Wiener, the sole shareholder, who
is also our President, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Vitality Rx in exchange for the issuance
of 250,000 shares of our common stock and 350,000. The cash portion of the purchase price has been paid. 

On March 25, 2021, Optimus Health, a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in PainScript in exchange for an aggregate of
2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, including 400,000 shares that would be issuable upon satisfaction of certain
revenue milestones for achieving certain sales by December 31, 2021. Prior to Closing, the Company made a loan of 150,000 to
PainScript, which was converted to an intercompany loan upon closing of the acquisition. At the Closing, the Company made an
intercompany loan of 100,000 to PainScript. On December 28, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the stock acquisition agreement
by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and Daniel Cohen, pursuant to which we agreed to modify the commercial
milestones which needed to be achieved for the release of the 400,000 shares to be equal to (i) the generation of at least 80,000
in aggregate revenue between December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 or (ii) between December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, the entry
into one or more commercial enterprise contracts that will generate revenue during their term not less than 200,000 from commercial
sales of the Chronic Care Management application. 

On December 28, 2020, the Company acquired 100 
of the outstanding equity interests in Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Optimus in exchange
for 9,998,899 shares of its Series A convertible preferred stock and 18,000,000 shares of its common stock. In connection with the transaction
all prior officers and directors of the Company (except Michael Pruitt) resigned and new officers and directors were appointed as officers
and directors of the Company. In connection with this transaction, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
changing its name to Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. The certificate of amendment became effective with the State of
Florida on January 24, 2021. 

On November 25, 2020, Clinical Research Alliance
Acquisition Corp. CRAAC ), an entity majority owned by Optimus, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in Clinical
Research Alliance, Inc. CRA in exchange for 70 shares of its common stock. 

Our principal executive offices are located at
1400 Old Country Road, Suite 306, Westbury, NY 11590 and our telephone number is (516) 806-4201. We maintain a website at www.Optimushealthcare.com.
 Information contained on or accessible through our website is not, and should not be considered, part of, or incorporated by reference
into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K and you should not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our
website as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in deciding whether to purchase our securities. 

Available Information 

We intend to make available during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023 our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file
such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. The public may read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov . The information contained in the SEC s
website is not intended to be a part of this filing. 

8 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information in this Annual Report on Form
10-K before investing in our common stock. Our business and results of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the following risks.
The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any of the
following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case,
the value and trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

We will need additional funding in the
near future to continue our current level of operations and growth. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of 19,032,561, and a net loss of 10,725,183. Revenues generated from our current operations are not sufficient to pay our on-going
operating expenses. As of December 31, 2022, our working capital needs since our acquisition of Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., have
primarily been funded by the issuance of our equity and/or debt securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 751,017 and marketable
securities of 144,199. During January 2023 we raised an additional 675,000 in cash through the sale of our Common Stock. As of December
31, 2022, we had convertible debt outstanding of 4.4 million, of which 2.2 million matures on May 25, 2024 and June 7, 2024, respectively.
During 2022 and prior, we have obtained funding from the sale of our securities or from strategic transactions in order to fund our current
level of operations, and during 2023 we will continue to need to raise additional funds. 

Aside from continuing the sale of our Common
Stock and additional loan transactions, we have not identified any definitive sources for additional financing that we may require, and
we do not have commitments from third parties to continue to provide this financing. Being a micro-cap stock, certain investors may be
unwilling to invest in our securities. There is no assurance that sufficient funding through a financing will be available to us at acceptable
terms or at all. Historically, we have raised capital through the issuance of convertible debt securities or straight equity securities.
However, given the risks associated with our business, the risks associated with our Common Stock, the worldwide financial uncertainty
that has affected the capital markets, and our status as a small, unknown public company, we expect in the near future, we will have
a great deal of difficulty raising capital through traditional financing sources. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we will be able
to raise capital, or if we are able to raise capital, that such capital will be in the amounts needed. Our failure to raise capital,
when needed, and in sufficient amounts, will severely impact our ability to continue to develop our business as planned. In addition,
if we are unable to obtain funding as, and when needed, we may have to reduce and/or cease our future operations. Any additional funding
that we obtain in an equity or convertible debt financing is likely to reduce the percentage ownership of the Company held by our existing
security holders. 

There is substantial doubt about the entity s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

The independent auditors report accompanying
our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company
will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company
has incurred net losses of 10,725,183 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and has incurred losses since inception resulting
in an accumulated deficit of 19,032,561 as of December 31, 2022. The Company anticipates further losses in the development of its business. 

The ability to continue as a going concern is
dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future and/or obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations
and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The Company s ability to raise additional
capital through the future issuances of debt or equity is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development
of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, or its attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue
operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome
of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

Our limited operating history may make
it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

We have a limited operating history and that
makes it difficult to assess our future performance with certainty. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks
and difficulties we may encounter due to our limited operating history. Any predictions about our future success or viability may not
be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. 

9 

In addition, as a young business, we may encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. Furthermore, some of these factors may
be outside our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact our business. 

Our limited operating experience could
make our operations inefficient or ineffective. 

We are an early-stage company with only a limited
operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our current business and future prospects and how we will respond to competitive,
financial, or technological challenges. We only recently acquired or commenced each of the businesses that comprise our two lines of
business and have limited experience with these activities and the revenue and income potential of our business is unproven. In addition,
because of our limited operating history, we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business, and limited experience
responding to such trends. We may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends and we will be subject to the risks,
uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in evolving markets. We may not be able to successfully
address any or all of these risks and uncertainties. Failure to adequately do so could cause our business, results of operations and
financial condition to suffer or fail. 

Widespread health developments, including
the global COVID-19 pandemic, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our business has been, and may continue to be,
impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in locations where we operate or our customers are located,
such as recommendations or mandates from governmental authorities to close businesses, limit travel, avoid large gatherings or to self-quarantine,
as well as temporary closures or decreased operations of the facilities of our customers, distributors, or suppliers. These impacts include,
but are not limited to: 

Significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one
 or more of our products, which may be caused by, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products
 due to illness, quarantine or other restrictions, store or restaurant closures, or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from
 one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar activity, reduced options for marketing
 and promotion of products or other restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic; if prolonged, such impacts can further
 increase the difficulty of operating our business, including accurately planning and forecasting; 

Inability to meet our consumers and customers needs and achieve
 costs targets due to disruptions in our manufacturing and supply arrangements caused by the loss or disruption of essential manufacturing
 and supply elements such as raw materials or purchased finished goods, logistics, reduction, or loss of workforce due to the insufficiency
 or failure of our safety protocols, or other manufacturing and supply capability; 

Failure of third parties on which we rely, including our suppliers, distributors,
 contract manufacturers, contractors, commercial banks, and external business partners, to meet their obligations to us or to timely
 meet those obligations, or significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational
 difficulties; or 

Significant changes in the conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell
 or distribute our products, including quarantines, governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit
 or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees ability to perform necessary business functions,
 restrict or prevent consumers from having access to our products, or otherwise prevent our distributors, partners, suppliers, or
 customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support
 of our products. 

The COVID-19 pandemic did not impact any open trials that were ongoing
as CRA was able to conduct business remotely instead of through on-site visits. However, it did impact the number of new trials that
were initiated in 2020 and 2021. 

All of these impacts could place limitations
on our ability to execute on our business plan and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

We are a holding company and our only material
assets are its cash in hand, equity interests in its operating subsidiaries and our other investments. As a result, our principal source
of revenue and cash flow is distributions from our subsidiaries. 

As a holding company, our assets are its cash
and cash equivalents, the equity interests in its subsidiaries and other investments. Our principal source of revenue comes from our
subsidiary company operations. Thus, our ability to manage our operations and finance future acquisitions, is dependent on the ability
of our subsidiaries to generate sufficient net income and cash flows to make upstream cash distributions to us. Our subsidiaries are
separate legal entities, and although they may be wholly owned or controlled by us, they have no obligation to make any funds available
to us, whether in the form of loans, dividends, distributions or otherwise. The ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us
will remain subject to, among other things, availability of sufficient funds and applicable state laws and regulatory restrictions. Claims
of creditors of our subsidiaries generally will have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and claims of our
creditors and stockholders. The inability of our subsidiaries to distribute dividends or other payments to us could limit our ability
to grow, pursue business opportunities or make acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses, or otherwise fund and conduct
our business. 

10 

To service our indebtedness and other obligations,
we will require a significant amount of cash. 

Our ability to generate cash depends on many
factors beyond our control and any failure to service our outstanding indebtedness could harm our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund working capital needs and planned
capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic,
financial, competitive, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate
sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us and our subsidiaries
to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before
the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on us. 

In addition, we may not be able to affect any
of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness
will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at
higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations.
The terms of existing or future debt instruments or preferred stock may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. In addition,
any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of
our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness or otherwise raise capital on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service and other obligations, or to refinance or
restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We have experienced significant historical,
and may experience significant future, operating losses, and net losses, which may hinder our ability to meet working capital requirements
or service our indebtedness, and we cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet such requirements
or service our indebtedness. 

We cannot assure you that we will recognize net
income in future periods. If we cannot generate net income or sufficient operating profitability, we may not be able to meet our working
capital requirements or service our indebtedness. Our ability to generate sufficient cash for our operations will depend upon, among
other things, the future financial and operating performance of our operating businesses, which will be affected by prevailing economic
and related industry conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

We cannot assure you that our businesses will
generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient,
we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets and/or seek additional capital or financings. Our ability to obtain
future financings will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any financing could be
at high interest rates and may require us to comply with covenants in addition to, or more restrictive than, covenants in our current
financing documents, which could further restrict our business operations. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we
could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our obligations.
We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize
from any such disposition may not be adequate to meet our obligations. 

If we are not able to deploy capital effectively
and on acceptable terms, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our strategy includes effectively deploying capital
by acquiring interests in new companies. We may not be able to identify attractive acquisition candidates that fit our strategy. Even
if we are able to identify acquisition candidates, we may not be able to acquire interests in those companies due to an inability to
reach mutually acceptable financial or other terms with those companies or due to competition from other potential acquirers that may
have greater resources, brand name recognition, industry contacts or flexibility of structure than we do. The recent turmoil in the global
economy has caused significant declines and fluctuations in the valuations of publicly-traded companies and privately-held companies.
Uncertainty regarding the extent to which valuations of companies that fit our acquisition criteria will continue to fluctuate may affect
our ability to accurately value potential acquisition candidates. Additionally, ongoing weak economic conditions may make it more difficult
for us to obtain capital needed to deploy to new and existing partner companies. If we are unable to effectively deploy capital to partner
companies on acceptable terms, we may not be able to execute on our strategy, and our business may be adversely impacted. 

11 

We will need additional funding in the
near future to continue our current level of operations and growth. 

We had an accumulated deficit of 19,032,561
and a net loss of 10,725,183 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. Revenues generated from our current operations
are not sufficient to pay our on-going operating expenses. Our working capital needs since our acquisition of CRA and Vitality Rx have
been primarily funded by the sale of our Common Stock and convertible debt financings. We may continue to obtain additional funding from
the sale of our securities or from strategic transactions in order to fund our current level of operations. Aside from continuing these
sales of our Common Stock and convertible debt financings, we have not identified the sources for additional financing that we may require,
and we do not have commitments from third parties to continue to provide this financing. Being a micro-cap stock, certain investors may
be unwilling to invest in our securities. There is no assurance that sufficient funding through financing will be available to us at
acceptable terms or at all. Historically, we have raised capital through the issuance of convertible debt securities or straight equity
securities. However, given the risks associated with our business, the risks associated with our Common Stock, the worldwide financial
uncertainty that has affected the capital markets, and our status as a small, unknown public company, we expect in the near future, we
will have a great deal of difficulty raising capital through traditional financing sources. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we will
be able to raise capital, or if we are able to raise capital, that such capital will be in the amounts needed. Our failure to raise capital,
when needed, and in sufficient amounts, will severely impact our ability to continue to develop our business as planned. In addition,
if we are unable to obtain funding as, and when needed, we may have to further reduce and/or cease our future operations. Any additional
funding that we obtain through equity or convertible debt financing is likely to reduce the percentage ownership of the company held
by our existing security holders. 

We have had operating losses since formation
and expect to continue to incur net losses for the near term. 

Prior to our acquisitions of CRA, PainScript
and Vitality Rx we had a working capital deficit, and our revenues were not sufficient to fund our anticipated operating needs. We have
reported net losses of 10,725,183 and 7,752,091 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In order to achieve
profitable operations, we need to significantly increase our revenues from the sales of products. We cannot be certain that our business
will ever be successful or that we will generate significant revenues and become profitable. As a result, an investment in the Company
is highly speculative and no assurance can be given that our business model will be successful and, therefore, that our stockholders
will realize any return on their investment or that they will not lose their entire investment. 

Our current sources of funding are limited,
and any additional funding that we may obtain may be on unfavorable terms and may significantly dilute our existing shareholders. 

We believe our acquisitions of CRA and Vitality
Rx will reduce our operating losses and contribute toward funding operating expenses, but we can provide no assurance of this. As a result,
if operations are not sufficient to fund our operations going forward, we will have to obtain additional public or private equity financings
or debt financings in order to continue our operations. Any additional funding that we obtain in a financing is likely to reduce the
percentage ownership of our existing holders. The amount of this dilution may be substantial based on our current stock price and could
increase if the trading price of our common stock declines at the time of any financing from its current levels. To the extent we raise
additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will experience further dilution. If we raise funds through debt financings,
we may become subject to restrictive covenants. We may also attempt to raise funds through corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements.
To the extent that we raise additional funds through such means, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or
products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts
or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain the needed additional funding, we will have to reduce or even totally
discontinue our operations, which would have a significant negative impact on our stockholders and could result in a total loss of their
investment in our stock. 

Funding, especially on terms acceptable to us,
may not be available to meet our future capital needs because of the state of the credit and capital markets. Global market and economic
conditions have been, and continue to be, disruptive and volatile. The cost of raising money in the debt and equity capital markets for
smaller companies like ours has increased substantially while the availability of funds from those markets has diminished significantly.
Also, low valuations and decreased appetite for equity investments, among other factors, may make the equity markets difficult to access
on acceptable terms or unavailable altogether. 

If adequate funds are not available, we may be
required to delay, scale-back or eliminate our product enhancement and new product development programs. There can be no assurance that
additional financing will be available on acceptable terms or at all, if and when required. 

O ur success is dependent on having the
experience to operate our business divisions. 

Our success depends substantially on the experience
of certain key officers and personnel. Although all of them have substantial experience in relevant areas, there can be no assurance
that their prior experience will be beneficial to us. Moreover, our future success depends in part on our ability to retain and attract
highly skilled and qualified technical and creative consultants. Competition for such individuals is intense and the availability of
such skilled persons is limited in some cases. The loss of services of any of our officers or other key consultants could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The loss of any of our key personnel or our
inability to attract and retain key employees in the future could have a material adverse effect on our operations and business plans. 

12 

The nature of our business is speculative
and dependent on a number of variables beyond our control that cannot be reliably ascertained in advance. 

The revenues and profits of an enterprise like
ours are generally dependent upon many variables. Our customer appeal depends upon factors which cannot be reliably ascertained in advance
and over which we have no control, such as unpredictable customer and media reviews, industry analyst commentaries, and comparisons to
competitive products. As with any relatively new business enterprise operating in a specialized and intensely competitive market, we
are subject to many business risks which include, but are not limited to, unforeseen marketing difficulties, excessive research and development
expenses, unforeseen negative publicity, competition, product liability issues, manufacturing and logistical difficulties, and lack of
operating experience. Many of the risks may be unforeseeable or beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will successfully
implement our business plan in a timely or effective manner, that we will be able to generate sufficient interest in our products, or
that we will be able to market and sell enough products and services to generate sufficient revenues to continue as a going concern. 

Our markets are highly competitive, and
our failure to compete successfully would limit our ability to sell our products, attract and retain customers and grow our business. 

Our markets are highly competitive, and we expect
that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Within each of our markets, we encounter direct competition from
various larger U.S. and non-U.S. competitors. The adoption of new technology likely will intensify the competition for our products.
Due to the rapidly evolving markets in which we compete, additional competitors with significant market presence and financial resources
may enter those markets, thereby further intensifying competition, adversely affecting our sales, and adversely affecting our business
and prospects. 

We may not be successful in developing
our new products and services. 

The market for our products and services is characterized
by rapid technological change, changing customer needs, frequent new product introductions and evolving industry standards. These market
characteristics are exacerbated by the emerging nature of this market and the fact that many companies are expected to continually introduce
new and innovative products and services. Our success will depend partially on our ability to introduce new products, services, and technologies
continually and on a timely basis and to continue to improve the performance, features and reliability of our products and services in
response to both evolving demands of prospective customers and competitive products. There can be no assurance that any of our new or
proposed products or services will maintain the limited market acceptance that we have to date established. Our failure to design, develop,
test, market and introduce new and enhanced products, technologies, and services successfully so as to achieve market acceptance could
have a material adverse effect upon our business, operating results and financial condition. 

There can be no assurance that we will not experience
difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, or marketing of new or enhanced products and services,
or that our new products and services will adequately satisfy the requirements of prospective customers and achieve significant acceptance
by those customers. Because of certain market characteristics, including technological change, changing customer needs, frequent new
product and service introductions and evolving industry standards, the continued introduction of new products and services is critical.
Delays in the introduction of new products and services may result in customer dissatisfaction and may delay or cause a loss of revenue.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing new products or services or improving existing products and services
that respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards. 

In addition, new or enhanced products and services
introduced by us may contain undetected errors that require significant design modifications. This could result in a loss of customer
confidence which could adversely affect the use of our products, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect upon our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

We cannot accurately predict our future
revenues and expenses. 

We are currently developing various sources of
revenues based on market conditions and the type of products that we are marketing. As such, the amount of revenues we receive from the
sale and use of our products will fluctuate and depend upon our customer s willingness to buy our products. As with any developing
enterprise operating in a specialized and intensely competitive market, we are subject to many business risks which include, but are
not limited to, unforeseen negative publicity, competition, product liability and lack of operating experience. Many of the risks may
be unforeseeable or beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement our business plan in a timely manner,
or generate sufficient interest in our products or services, or that we will be able to market and sell enough products and services
to generate sufficient revenues to continue as a going concern. 

Our expense levels in the future will be based,
in large part, on our expectations regarding future revenue, and as a result net income/loss for any quarterly period in which material
orders are delayed could vary significantly. In addition, our costs and expenses may vary from period to period because of a variety
of factors, including our research and development costs, our introduction of new products and services, cost increases from third-party
service providers or product manufacturers, production interruptions, changes in marketing and sales expenditures, and competitive pricing
pressures. 

13 

The Company depends on the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries. 

The Company s net revenues depend greatly
on the expenditures made by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries in research and development. Accordingly, economic factors
and industry trends that affect the Company s customers in these industries also affect its business. For example, the availability
of financing from the capital markets to the biotechnology industry, especially small or non-revenue producing companies, can have a
material impact on their ability to fund development of their compounds. In addition, if health insurers were to change their practices
with respect to reimbursements for pharmaceutical products, the Company s customers may spend less, or reduce their growth in spending
on research and development. 

The majority of our customers contracts
can be terminated, delayed or reduced in scope upon short notice or no notice. 

Most of our contracts may be terminated by the
customer upon 30 to 90 days notice. As a result, contract terminations, delays and reductions in scope occur regularly in the
normal course of our business. The delay, loss or reduction in scope of a large contract or multiple smaller contracts could result in
under-utilization of our personnel, a decline in revenue and profitability and adjustments to our backlog, any or all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. Further, we believe the
risk of termination or delay of multiple contracts may be higher where we have strategic partnership arrangements with biopharmaceutical
companies and a large backlog of work for those companies. 

If our existing customers do not continue
or renew their contracts with us, renew at lower fee levels or decline to purchase additional services from us, our business may be harmed. 

We expect to derive a significant portion of
our revenues from renewal of existing customer contracts and sales of additional services to existing customers. Factors that may affect
our ability to sell additional solutions and services include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the price, performance and functionality of our solutions; 

the availability, price, performance and functionality of
competing solutions; 

our ability to develop and sell complementary solutions and
services; 

the stability, performance and security of our products; 

changes in healthcare laws, regulations or trends; and 

the business environment and strategic priorities of our
customers. 

We typically enter into annual or multi-year
contracts with our customers. These contracts generally have stated initial terms between one to five years. Most of our customers have
no obligation to renew their contracts after the initial term expires. In addition, our customers may negotiate terms less advantageous
to us upon renewal, which may reduce our revenues from these customers. If our customers fail to renew their contracts, renew their contracts
upon less favorable terms or at lower fee levels or fail to purchase new solutions and services from us, our revenues may decline, or
our future revenue growth may be constrained. 

Our business and growth strategy depend
on our ability to maintain and expand our network of established, board-certified physicians and hospitals. If we are unable to do so,
our future growth would be limited and our business would be harmed. 

Our success is dependent upon our continued ability
to maintain a network of established, board-certified physicians and hospitals. Fulfilling our clinical and customer service obligations
requires a robust supply of physicians and hospitals. If we are unable to recruit and retain board-certified physicians and hospitals,
it would harm our business and ability to grow and would adversely affect our results of operations. In any particular market, these
providers could demand higher payments or take other actions that could result in higher costs, less attractive service for our customers
or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with these
physicians and hospitals also may be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in Medicare and/or
Medicaid reimbursement levels and other pressures on healthcare providers and consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups
and healthcare providers. The failure to maintain or to secure new cost-effective provider contracts may result in a loss of or inability
to grow our customer base, higher costs, healthcare provider network disruptions, less attractive service for our customers and/or difficulty
in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, any of which could harm our business. 

14 

If the Company is unable to attract patients,
investigators, physicians and hospitals its business may suffer. 

The recruitment of patients is essential to the
Company s business. The Company s business could be adversely affected if the Company is unable to attract physicians or
hospitals and willing investigators or patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. It is possible that the marketing methods
the Company has chosen to employ may prove ineffective due to patient preferences or other factors. If the Company is unable to engage
and enroll sufficient patients or engage physicians or hospitals and other medical professionals in clinical trials, the Company may
need to expend additional funds to obtain access to resources or else be compelled to delay or modify the clinical trial plans, which
may result in additional costs to the Company. These considerations might result in the Company s being unable to successfully
achieve its projected development timelines, or potentially even lead the Company to consider the termination of development of a product. 

Because competition for qualified personnel
is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support our continued growth. 

To continue to execute on our growth plan, we
must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. The pool of qualified personnel with experience working in the healthcare market
is limited overall and the competition to hire them is intense. As such, we may not be successful in continuing to attract and retain
qualified personnel. We have from time to time in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty
in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In addition, our search for replacements for departed
employees may cause uncertainty regarding the future of our business, impact employee hiring and retention, and adversely impact our
revenue, financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current
personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. 

Because we face significant competition
for acquisition and business opportunities, including from numerous companies with a business plan similar to ours, it may be difficult
for us to fully execute our business strategy. Additionally, our subsidiaries also operate in highly competitive industries, limiting
their ability to gain or maintain their positions in their respective industries. 

We expect to encounter intense competition for
acquisition and business opportunities from both strategic investors and other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
such as private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), blank check companies, and other entities, domestic
and international, competing for the type of businesses that we may acquire. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human
and other resources, or more local industry knowledge, or greater access to capital, than we do, and our financial resources may be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. These factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
completing future acquisitions and investments. 

In addition, while we believe that there are
numerous target businesses that we could potentially acquire or invest in, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of
certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. We may need to obtain additional financing
in order to consummate future acquisitions and investment opportunities and cannot assure you that any additional financing will be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all, or that the terms of our existing financing arrangements will not limit our ability to do so. This
inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing acquisition and investment opportunities. 

Future acquisitions or business opportunities
could involve unknown risks that could harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are a holding company that owns interests
in two different businesses. We have in the past, and intend in the future, to acquire businesses or make investments, directly or indirectly
through our subsidiaries, that involve unknown risks, some of which will be particular to the industry in which the investment or acquisition
targets operate, including risks in industries with which we are not familiar or experienced. There can be no assurance our due diligence
investigations will identify every matter that could have a material adverse effect on us or the entities that we may acquire. We may
be unable to adequately address the financial, legal and operational risks raised by such investments or acquisitions, especially if
we are unfamiliar with the relevant industry, which can lead to significant losses on material investments. The realization of any unknown
risks could expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities and prevent or limit us from realizing the projected benefits of the investments
or acquisitions, which could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. In addition, our financial condition, results of
operations and the ability to service our debt may be adversely impacted depending on the specific risks applicable to any business we
invest in or acquire and our ability to address those risks. 

Financial reporting
obligations of being a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required to devote
substantial time to compliance matters. 

The obligations of being
a public company in the United States require significant expenditures and will place significant demands on our management and other
personnel, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, and the
listing requirements of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed. These rules require the establishment and maintenance
of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in corporate governance
practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance with. In addition, we
expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance.
Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements
and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted,
among other potential problems. 

15 

If we fail to
comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to accounting controls and procedures in the future, our stock price
could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to comply
with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act related to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we discover material
weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and
raising capital could be more difficult. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail to
achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that
we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective
internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If
we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose
confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. 

We depend on our key personnel to manage
our business effectively in a rapidly changing market. If we are unable to retain our key employees, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be harmed. 

Our future success depends to a significant degree
on the skills, efforts and continued services of our executive officers and other key operations, sales, marketing, and support personnel.
If we were to lose the services of one or more of our key executive officers or other key operations, sales, marketing, and support personnel,
we may not be able to grow our business as we expect, and our ability to compete could be harmed, adversely affecting our business and
prospects. 

Our directors may encounter conflicts of
interest involving us and other entities with which they may be affiliated, including matters that involve corporate opportunities. 

Some of our directors
are, and any future directors may be, affiliated with other entities that may be complementary, competitive, or potentially competitive
to the Company. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in business or other activities similar
to our business. Additionally, all of our officers and directors, in the course of their other business activities, may become aware
of investments, business opportunities, or information which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as to other entities to
which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, directors and officers may encounter perceived or actual conflicts of interest involving
us and other entities with which they are or become affiliated, including matters that involve corporate opportunities. In addition,
as our growth strategy includes considering potential acquisitions, it is possible an entity affiliated with one of our directors could
be an acquisition target or a competitive acquiror. Further, to the extent we engage in transactions with any director-affiliated entity,
it could create actual, or the perception of, additional conflicts of interest, including with respect to our ability to negotiate terms
equivalent to those that could be obtained in an arms -length negotiation with an unaffiliated third party. For
instance, Mr. Wiener, our President, owned Vitality Rx prior to its acquisition by the Company. The commercial terms of the acquisition
agreement that we entered into with Vitality Rx were not negotiated on behalf of the Company by persons consisting solely of disinterested
directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have no basis for believing that the terms of such agreement is not in the best interests
of our stockholders. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given that any stockholder will not claim in a lawsuit that such terms in fact
are not in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, that the directors and officers of the Company breached their fiduciary
duties in connection with such agreements and that any disclosures by us to our stockholders regarding this Agreement and the relationship
between the parties did not satisfy applicable requirements. In any such instance, we and our directors and officers may also be named
as defendants and we would have to defend ourselves and our directors and officers. Further, any such litigation would be time-consuming
and would divert focus and resources from the development of our products and our business. 

Future acquisitions or strategic investments
may not be successful and may harm our operating results. 

Future acquisitions or strategic investments
could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results because of: 

The assumption of unknown liabilities, including employee obligations. Although we normally conduct
 extensive legal and accounting due diligence in connection with our acquisitions, there are many liabilities that cannot be discovered,
 and which liabilities could be material. 

We may become subject to significant expenses related to bringing the financial, accounting, and
 internal control procedures of the acquired business into compliance with U.S. GAAP financial accounting standards and the Sarbanes
 Oxley Act of 2002. 

Our operating results could be impaired as a result of restructuring or impairment charges related
 to amortization expenses associated with intangible assets. 

We could experience significant difficulties in successfully integrating any acquired operations,
 technologies, customers products, and businesses with our existing operations. 

Future acquisitions could divert substantial capital and our management s attention. 

We may not be able to hire the key employees necessary to
manage or staff the acquired enterprise operations. 

16 

Our majority shareholders, executive officers
and directors beneficially own approximately 57.8 of the outstanding voting power of the Company. As a result, they will be able to
exercise significant influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval. 

As of March 24, 2023, our executive officers
and directors, in the aggregate, beneficially own shares representing approximately14.3 of our common stock. Our majority shareholders
control approximately 43.4 of the outstanding voting power of the Company. Beneficial ownership includes shares over which an individual
or entity has investment or voting power and includes shares that could be issued upon the exercise of options and warrants within 60
days after the date of determination. On matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, holders of our Common Stock are entitled
to one vote per share. If our executive officers and directors choose to act together, they would have significant influence over all
matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and affairs. For example, these individuals, if they chose
to act together, would have significant influence on the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation, or sale of
all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of voting power could delay or prevent an acquisition of the Company on terms
that other stockholders may desire. 

There may be an adverse effect on the value
and liquidity of our common stock due to the disparate voting rights of our common stock, our series A preferred stock and our series
B preferred stock. 

We currently have three classes of stock outstanding,
common stock, series A preferred stock and series B preferred stock. Holders of our common stock, series A preferred stock and series
B preferred stock are entitled to one vote per share and all such holders will vote together as a single class except as otherwise required
by applicable law. Each share of Series A preferred stock is convertible into 1.25 shares of common stock and votes on an as converted
basis. Each share of series B preferred stock shall be convertible into 1/20 of a share of common stock. In addition, if we issue additional
shares of common stock and/ or preferred stock in the future, there will be further dilution to investors or potential future purchasers
of our common stock. See Description of Capital Stock for a description of our common stock, series A preferred stock and
series B preferred stock and the rights associated with them. 

Failure to manage growth effectively could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The success of our future operating activities
will depend upon our ability to expand our support system to meet the demands of our growing business. Any failure by our management
to effectively anticipate, implement, and manage changes required to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully operate acquired businesses,
become profitable in the future, or effectively manage any other change. 

Subsequent to consummation of any acquisition,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on
a target business with which we acquire, we cannot assure you that this examination will uncover all material risks that may be presented
by a particular target business, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. Even
if our due diligence successfully identifies the principal risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize
in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. As a result, from time to time we may be forced to write-down or write-off
assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even though these
charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could
contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net
worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue
of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional, and local governments, including in particular, reporting and other requirements under the Exchange Act. Compliance
with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and
their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, investments, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted
and applied, could result in fines, injunctive relief or similar remedies which could be costly to us or limit our ability to complete
an initial business combination or operate the post-combination company successfully. 

17 

The nature of our business is speculative
and dependent on a number of variables beyond our control that cannot be reliably ascertained in advance. 

The revenues and operating results of a Company
like ours is generally dependent upon many variables. Our customer appeal depends upon factors which cannot be reliably ascertained in
advance and over which we have no control, such as unpredictable customer and media reviews, industry analyst commentaries, and comparisons
to competitive products. As with any relatively new Company operating in a specialized and intensely competitive market, we are subject
to many business risks which include, but are not limited to, unforeseen marketing difficulties, excessive research and development expenses,
unforeseen negative publicity, competition, product liability issues, manufacturing and logistical difficulties, and lack of operating
experience. Many of the risks may be unforeseeable or beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement
our business plan in a timely or effective manner, that we will be able to generate sufficient interest in our products, or that we will
be able to market and sell enough products and services to generate sufficient revenues to continue as a going concern. 

Our markets are highly competitive, and
our failure to compete successfully would limit our ability to sell our products, attract and retain customers and grow our business. 

Our markets are highly competitive, and we expect
that both direct and indirect competition will increase in the future. Within each of our markets, we encounter direct competition from
various competitors. The adoption of new technology likely will intensify the competition for our products. Due to the rapidly evolving
markets in which we compete, additional competitors with significant market presence and financial resources may enter those markets,
thereby further intensifying competition, adversely affecting our sales, and adversely affecting our business and prospects. 

We may not be successful in developing
our new products and services. 

The market for our products and services is characterized
by rapid technological change, changing customer needs, frequent new product introductions and evolving industry standards. These market
characteristics are exacerbated by the emerging nature of this market and the fact that many companies are expected to continually introduce
new and innovative products and services. Our success will depend partially on our ability to introduce new products, services and technologies
continually and on a timely basis and to continue to improve the performance, features and reliability of our products and services in
response to both evolving demands of prospective customers and competitive products. There can be no assurance that any of our new or
proposed products or services will maintain the limited market acceptance that we have to date established. Our failure to design, develop,
test, market and introduce new and enhanced products, technologies and services successfully so as to achieve market acceptance could
have a material adverse effect upon our business, operating results and financial condition. 

There can be no assurance that we will not experience
difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of new or enhanced products and services,
or that our new products and services will adequately satisfy the requirements of prospective customers and achieve significant acceptance
by those customers. Because of certain market characteristics, including technological change, changing customer needs, frequent new
product and service introductions and evolving industry standards, the continued introduction of new products and services is critical.
Delays in the introduction of new products and services may result in customer dissatisfaction and may delay or cause a loss of revenue.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing new products or services or improving existing products and services
that respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards. 

In addition, new or enhanced products and services
introduced by us may contain undetected errors that require significant design modifications. This could result in a loss of customer
confidence which could adversely affect the use of our products, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect upon our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

We cannot accurately predict our future
revenues and expenses. 

We are currently developing various sources of
revenues based on market conditions and the type of products that we are selling. As such, the amount of revenues we receive from the
sale and use of our products will fluctuate and depend upon our customer s willingness to buy our products. As with any developing
company operating in a specialized and intensely competitive market, we are subject to many business risks which include, but are not
limited to, unforeseen negative publicity, competition, product liability and lack of operating experience. Many of the risks may be
unforeseeable or beyond our control. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement our business plan in a timely manner,
or generate sufficient interest in our products or services, or that we will be able to market and sell enough products and services
to generate sufficient revenues to continue as a going concern. 

18 

Our expense levels in the future will be based,
in large part, on our expectations regarding future revenue, and as a result net income/loss for any quarterly period in which material
orders are delayed could vary significantly. In addition, our costs and expenses may vary from period to period because of a variety
of factors, including our research and development costs, our introduction of new products and services, cost increases from third-party
service providers or product manufacturers, production interruptions, changes in marketing and sales expenditures, and competitive pricing
pressures. 

The U.S. healthcare
industry is subject to political, economic and/or regulatory influences and changes, such as healthcare reform, all of which could adversely
affect both our customers business and our business. 

The U.S. healthcare
industry is subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences that could significantly affect the drug development process,
R D costs and the pricing and reimbursement for pharmaceutical products. 

Governments have increased
efforts to expand healthcare coverage while at the same time curtailing and better controlling the increasing costs of healthcare. In
recent years, the U.S. Congress enacted healthcare reform legislation that expanded health insurance coverage and imposed healthcare
industry cost containment measures. More recently, as a result of the 2020 U.S. presidential and congressional elections, there are renewed
and reinvigorated calls for health insurance reform, which could cause significant uncertainty in the U.S. healthcare market. At this
point, it is uncertain as to what changes, new legislation or regulations will be adopted or how any such changes, new legislation or
regulations would impact our business. If cost-containment efforts limit our customers profitability, they may decrease R D
spending, which could decrease the demand for our services and materially adversely affect our growth prospects. Likewise, if a simplified
or more relaxed drug approval process is adopted, the demand for our services may decrease or could increase depending on the sector
affected. 

The U.S. Congress has
also considered and might adopt other legislation that could put downward pressure on the prices that companies can charge for prescription
drugs. In addition, government bodies may have adopted or are considering the adoption of healthcare reform to control the increasing
cost of healthcare. For example, under the previous presidential administration, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services issued
an interim final rule in November 2020 announcing a most favored nation drug pricing model aimed at certain drug prices. The model was
challenged in several U.S. courts and has not been implemented. It is uncertain whether the current presidential administration will
defend this new model or take similar measures. Cost-containment measures, whether instituted by healthcare providers or imposed by governments
or through new government regulations or executive orders, could result in greater selectivity in the number of pharmaceutical products
available for purchase, resulting in third-party payers potentially challenging the price and cost-effectiveness of certain pharmaceutical
products. In addition, in many major markets outside the U.S., pricing approval is required before sales may commence. As a result, significant
uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of approved healthcare products. Any of these factors could harm our customers 
businesses, which, in turn, could materially adversely hurt our business. 

In addition to healthcare
reform proposals, the expansion of managed care organizations, which focus on reducing healthcare costs by limiting expenditures on pharmaceutical
products and medical devices, could result in biopharmaceutical and medical device companies spending less on R D, which could decrease
the demand for our services. If this were to occur, we would have fewer business opportunities and our revenues could decrease, potentially
materially. 

Government bodies may
also adopt healthcare legislation or regulations that are more burdensome than existing regulations. For example, product safety concerns
and recommendations from the FDA s Drug Safety Oversight Board could change the regulatory environment for drug products, including
the process for conducting clinical trials of drug and biologic product candidates, FDA product approval and post-approval safety surveillance.
These and other changes in regulation could increase our expenses or limit our ability to offer some of our services. Additionally, new
or heightened regulatory requirements may have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to conduct and fund clinical trials
for new medicines, which could reduce the demand for our services. 

We cannot predict the
likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the
U.S., especially given the recent change in the U.S. presidential administration. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing
requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our business may
be harmed. 

We did not receive full forgiveness of
our PPP Loans, and our application for the PPP Loans could in the future be determined to have been impermissible or could adversely
affect our reputation and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

On May 1, 2020, CRA entered into a note agreement
for an aggregate principal amount of 146,250 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase under the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA (the 2020 PPP Loan ). On February 19, 2021, CRA entered into a note agreement for an aggregate principal amount of 148,975
with JPMorgan Chase under the CARES Act administered by the SBA (the 2021 PPP Loan and together with the 2020 PPP Loan,
the PPP Loans ). The Company received total aggregate proceeds of 295,225 under the PPP Loans. In accordance with the requirements
of the CARES Act, CRA used proceeds from the PPP Loans primarily for payroll costs. The 2020 PPP Loan was scheduled to mature on May
1, 2021 and the 2021 PPP Loan was scheduled to mature on February 19, 2022, each with a 1 interest rate and is subject to the terms
and conditions applicable to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act. 126,545.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was forgiven
on March 26, 2021. The remaining balance of 19,136.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was not forgiven because an employee was terminated during
the period. This amount is due in five years and is being repaid on a monthly basis. The 2021 PPP Loan was fully forgiven on November
3, 2021. 

19 

In order to apply for the PPP Loans, we were
required to certify, among other things, that the current economic uncertainty made the PPP Loan request necessary to
support our ongoing operations. We made this certification in good faith after analyzing, among other things, our financial situation
and access to alternative forms of capital, and believe that we satisfied all eligibility criteria for the PPP Loans, and that our receipt
of the PPP Loans is consistent with the broad objectives of the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act, as amended by the Flexibility
Act. The certification described above does not contain any objective criteria and is subject to interpretation. The lack of clarity
regarding loan eligibility under the Paycheck Protection Program has resulted in significant media coverage and controversy, particularly
with respect to large or public companies applying for and receiving loans. If, despite our good-faith belief that given our circumstances
we satisfied all eligible requirements for the PPP Loans, we are later determined to have violated any of the laws or governmental regulations
that apply to us in connection with the PPP Loans, such as the False Claims Act, or it is otherwise determined that we were ineligible
to receive the PPP Loans, we may be subject to penalties, including significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties and could
be required to repay the PPP Loans in their entirety. In addition, receipt of the PPP Loans may result in adverse publicity and damage
to reputation, and a review or audit by the SBA or other government entity or claims under the False Claims Act could consume significant
financial and management resources. Should we be audited or reviewed by federal or state regulatory authorities as a result of filing
an application for forgiveness of the PPP Loan or otherwise, such audit or review could result in the diversion of management s
time and attention and legal and reputational costs. If we were to be audited or reviewed and receive an adverse determination or finding
in such audit or review, we could be required to return the full amount of the PPP Loans. Any of these events could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Risks Related to The 2021 and 2022 Private
Placements 

If we are in default under our Notes, our
debtholders may accelerate amounts owed under such Notes and could foreclose upon the assets securing our obligations and our liquidity
could be adversely impacted. 

Upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of an event of default under the May 2021 Notes and June 2022 Notes (collectively the Notes the holders have the option,
among other things, to accelerate the debt, which is in the aggregate amount of 4.4 million as of December 31 2022, and foreclose upon
the assets pledged as collateral, any of which could severely affect our liquidity and significantly harm our business. The noteholders
have not exercised any remedies under the Notes as of December 31, 2022. In addition, interest under the Notes would accrue at 20 per
annum until any event of defaults are cured. In the event that we are in default under the Notes, and such holders were to assert an
event of default and demand repayment pursuant to the terms of the Notes, our business, operating results and financial condition would
be adversely affected. 

Our obligations to the holders of our Notes
are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets, so if we default on those obligations, the note holders could
foreclose on our assets. 

Our obligations under the Notes are secured by
a security interest in substantially all of our assets. As a result, if we default in our obligations under the Notes, the holders of
the notes, acting through their appointed agent, could foreclose on their security interests and liquidate some or all of these assets,
which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations and could require us to curtail or cease operations. 

If the holders of our Notes elect to convert
the principal and interest due under the Notes, our stockholders will experience substantial dilution in their investment. 

The total remaining principal amount we owe to
the holders of our Notes is approximately 4.4 million. If the holders of these Notes were to elect to convert all of the principal amount
(and assuming no interest has accrued on the principal amount) into shares of our common stock at the Conversion Price of 1, we would
be required to issue approximately 4.4 million shares. These conversions would result in significant dilution to the investments of our
existing stockholders. 

The terms of our security agreement and
other debt documents restrict our current and future operations, which could adversely affect our ability to respond to changes in our
business and to manage our operations. 

Our security agreement and other debt documents
issued under the private placement contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions
on us, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things: 

incur additional debt; 

pay dividends and make other restricted payments; 

create liens; or 

sell our collateral, other than inventory in the ordinary course of business. 

If the holders of our Notes accelerate our indebtedness,
our assets would not be sufficient to repay this indebtedness in full and the creditor would be permitted to exercise broad secured creditor
remedies. 

20 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

There has been a limited public market for our
common stock, and we do not know whether one will develop to provide you adequate liquidity. Furthermore, the trading price for our common
stock, should an active trading market develop, may be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in per-share price. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink under
the trading symbol OHCS historically, however, there has been a limited public market for our common stock. We cannot
assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. The liquidity of any market for the shares
of our common stock will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the number of stockholders; 

our operating performance and financial condition; 

the market for similar securities; 

the extent of coverage of us by securities or industry analysts;
and 

the interest of securities dealers in making a market in
the shares of our common stock. 

Even if an active trading market develops, the
market price for our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the price of shares
of our common stock could decline significantly if our future operating results fail to meet or exceed the expectations of market analysts
and investors and actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results could negatively affect our share price. 

The volatility of the price of our common stock may also be impacted
by the risks discussed under this Risk Factors section, in addition to other factors, including: 

developments in the financial markets and worldwide or regional
economies; 

announcements of innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; 

announcements by the government relating to regulations that govern our industry; 

significant sales of our common stock or other securities in the open market; 

variations in interest rates; 

changes in the market valuations of other comparable companies; and 

changes in accounting principles. 

Our outstanding warrants and preferred stock may affect the
market price and liquidity of the common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had warrants for
the purchase of up to an additional 1,705,000 shares of common stock. All of these warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 1.25
per share. We also have outstanding 1,102 shares of our series A preferred stock, which is convertible into 1,377 shares of common stock,
as well as 8,105,724 shares of our series B preferred stock, which is convertible into 405,286 shares of common stock. As described more
fully below, holders of our notes and warrants may elect to receive a substantial number of shares of common stock upon conversion of
the notes and/or exercise of the warrants. The amount of common stock reserved for issuance may have an adverse impact on our ability
to raise capital and may affect the price and liquidity of our common stock in the public market. In addition, the issuance of these
shares of common stock will have a dilutive effect on current stockholders ownership. 

21 

The conversion of outstanding convertible
notes into shares of common stock could materially dilute our current stockholders. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 4.4 million aggregate principal amount of convertible notes outstanding, convertible into shares of our common stock at a fixed price
of 1.00 per share. The conversion price of these notes may be less than the market price of our common stock at the time of conversion,
and may be subject to future adjustment due to certain events, including our issuance of common stock or common stock equivalents at
an effective price per share lower than the conversion rate then in effect. If the entire principal amount of all the outstanding convertible
notes is converted into shares of common stock, we would be required to issue an aggregate of no less than approximately 4.4 million
shares of common stock. If we issue all of these shares, the ownership of our current stockholders will be diluted. 

Because our common stock may be deemed
a low-priced penny stock, an investment in our common stock should be considered high-risk and subject to marketability
restrictions. 

Historically, the trading price of our common
stock during 2021 and 2022 has been between a high of 3.44 and a low of 0.56 per share, and deemed a penny stock, as defined in Rule
3a51-1 under the Exchange Act, and subject to the penny stock rules of the Exchange Act specified in rules 15g-1 through 15g-100. Those
rules require broker dealers, before effecting transactions in any penny stock, to: 

deliver to the customer, and obtain a written receipt for, a disclosure document; 

disclose certain price information about the stock; 

disclose the amount of compensation received by the broker-dealer or any associated person of the
 broker-dealer; 

send monthly statements to customers with market and price information about the penny stock; and 

in some circumstances, approve the purchaser s account under certain standards and deliver
 written statements to the customer with information specified in the rules. 

Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict
the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell the common stock and may affect the ability of holders to sell their common stock
in the secondary market and the price at which such holders can sell any such securities. These additional procedures could also limit
our ability to raise additional capital in the future. 

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock, which
could depress the price of our common stock. 

In addition to the penny stock 
rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is suitable for that customer before recommending an investment to a customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities
to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a
high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy
and sell our shares of common stock, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of common stock, and thereby depress our price
per share of common stock. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock may be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. We do not currently have,
and may never obtain, research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no or few securities or industry analysts commence coverage
of us, the trading price for our common stock may be negatively affected. In the event that we receive securities or industry analyst
coverage, if any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding us, our business model, our intellectual
property or our stock performance, or if our operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

22 

We do not currently or for the foreseeable
future intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our
business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As a result, any return on your investment
in our common stock will be limited to the appreciation in the price of our common stock, if any. 

We became subject to the reporting requirements
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in July 2022. Until such time as we satisfy the requirements under Rule 144(i), there may
not be liquidity in our common stock. 

We became subject to any reporting obligations
with the SEC in July 2022, and we were previously a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. Pursuant
to Rule 144(i), securities issued by a current or former shell company that otherwise meet the holding period and other requirements
of Rule 144 nevertheless cannot be sold in reliance on Rule 144 until one year after we (a) are no longer a shell company; and (b) has
filed current Form 10 information (as defined in Rule 144(i)) with the SEC reflecting that it is no longer a shell company,
and provided that at the time of a proposed sale pursuant to Rule 144, we are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act and has filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials),
other than Form 8-K reports. As a result, Rule 144 is not currently available to us. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company entered into a seven (7) year triple-net
lease for 2,275 square feet of office space at 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 304, Westbury, NY which expires on August 31, 2027. The Company
also entered into a month-to-month triple-net lease for a period of six months for an additional 2,987 square feet of office space at
1400 Old Country Road, Suite 306. This additional lease expired on November 30, 2021. The Company is currently negotiating with the landlord
to extend the lease however there can be no assurances that any agreement will be entered into between the parties. The Company has the
option to add the lease for the additional space to its long-term lease. KORR Acquisitions Group, Inc., a shareholder of the Company,
subleases a portion of the space from the Company and pays a portion of the rent owed for such space. The Company believes that its corporate
headquarters are adequate for its immediate needs and that it will be able to obtain additional or substitute space, as needed, on commercially
reasonable terms. In January 2021, Workers HealthRx entered into a lease for 1,246 square feet of office space at One Dupont Street,
Suite 112, Plainview, NY which expires on August 31, 2026. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, the Company may become involved
in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Company is not presently a party to any legal proceedings that,
in the opinion of its management, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company due to defense and settlement
costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. We are currently not aware of any
such legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently quoted under the
trading symbol OHCS on the OTC Pink marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group. Trading volume of our common stock has
often been very limited. As a result, the trading price of our common stock has been subject to significant fluctuations. There can be
no assurance that a liquid market will develop in the foreseeable future. 

Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted
under securities or blue sky laws of certain states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able
to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. Over-the-counter market
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Stockholders 

As of March 24, 2023, there were 442 stockholders
of record of our common stock. The actual number of holders of our common stock is greater than this number of record holders, and includes
stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. This number of
holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. The transfer agent for our
common stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, whose address is 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our
capital stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain future
earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion
of our board of directors and will be dependent upon financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other
factors as the board of directors deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

250,000 options were granted on February 16,
2023 at an exercise price of 1.39 per share. The options vest 25 on each of the next 4 annual anniversaries of the grant date
and have a ten-year term. 

Restricted stock
units 

65,000 restricted stock units were granted on
February 16, 2023. The RSUs vest according to certain performance criteria and have a ten-year term. 

Subscription agreement 

On January 10, 2023, the Company sold 675,000
shares of common stock for 1.00 per share, or 675,000. 

Common stock issued 

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company
issued 1,206,000 shares of common stock pursuant to subscription agreements entered into during December 2022. 

The foregoing offers, sales and issuances were
exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

24 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and plan of operations together with our accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related
notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those
discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts in this
report are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. 

Overview 

The Company is dedicated to: (1) advancing access
to clinical trial research; and (2) improving and simplifying access to vaccines and pharmaceutical products. Currently the Company provides
these services through its portfolio companies, Clinical Research Alliance, Inc. CRA ), and Worker s Health Rx (d/b/a
 Vitality Rx ). 

Our vision for the Company is to continue to
grow by acquiring controlling interests in healthcare-related businesses with strong leadership teams, innovative products and services,
and proven technologies or processes that expand access to high quality healthcare and improve overall health outcomes and physical well-being.
Our goal at Optimus is to empower physicians and patients with the information, guidance and tools needed to make informed health care
choices. The Company seeks synergies among its portfolio companies and facilitates access to its management team which has extensive
industry experience and its network of financial and business partners to help finance growth and accelerate business market trajectories. 

Clinical Research Alliance 

On December 28, 2020, the Company acquired 100 
of the outstanding equity interests in Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Optimus ), in exchange
for 9,998,899 shares of its Series A convertible preferred stock and 18,000,000 shares of its common stock. In connection with the transaction
all prior officers and directors of the Company resigned (except for Michael Pruitt) and new officers and directors were appointed as
officers and directors of the Company. On November 25, 2020, Clinical Research Alliance Acquisition Corp. CRAAC ), an entity
99 owned by Optimus, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in CRA in exchange for 70 shares of its common stock. 

CRA provides services to a world-class team of
dedicated oncologists across the Tri-State area that are united by a shared commitment to conduct clinical research. CRA provides independent,
community-based oncology practices and hospitals in diverse communities with the necessary infrastructure and support to enroll their
patients in cutting edge clinical trials without the patients having to leave their physicians offices, hospitals or their local
communities. 

CRA currently supports a number of community-based
oncology practices and has signed an agreement with its first acute care hospital in Brooklyn, New York. CRA s current focus is
with oncologists in private practice, as well as rural and small hospitals in diverse communities. 

CRA contracts with pharmaceutical companies and
Contract Research Organizations CRO to conduct clinical trials (Phases I-IV) for investigational new drugs, biologics
and medical devices, and has worked with over 40 pharmaceutical companies since inception. CRA s customers consist primarily
of large and mid-sized pharmaceutical and biotech companies. In the last 12 years, CRA has conducted approximately 180 clinical
trials. As CRA was the highest enroller in many of these clinical trials, many of those clinical trials led to FDA approval for the trial
compounds used to treat various cancers. Depending on the clinical trial design, CRA invoices the pharmaceutical manufacturer for some
or all of the following services: startup fees, diagnostic tests, laboratory tests, patient stipends, pharmacy fees, patient visits,
document storage and the reporting of serious adverse events. 

CRA also contracts with independent community-based
oncology practices and hospitals in diverse communities to assist in the conduct of the clinical trials. CRA s services to the
community-based practices and hospitals in diverse communities include: 

(1) maintaining the documentation necessary for the conduct of
the clinical trial; 

(2) obtaining Internal Review Board IRB approval; 

(3) collecting data required by the trial protocol; 

(4) filing regulatory and compliance related documentation; and 

(5) dispensing drugs necessary to conduct the clinical trial. 

25 

Our contracts with the community-based oncology
practices and hospitals include specific budgets for particular services rendered. The contracts may range in duration from a few months
to several years or longer depending on the nature of the work performed. In some cases, a portion of the contract fee is paid at the
time the contract is executed with the balance of the contract fee payable either monthly or in installments upon the achievement of
milestones over the study duration. Our contracts generally may be terminated or reduced in scope either immediately or upon short notice.
Our contracts with our community-based oncology practices and hospitals result in the payment of fees for services rendered to the principal
investigator that is conducting a particular clinical trial. The COVID-19 pandemic did not impact any open trials that were ongoing as
CRA was able to conduct business remotely instead of through on-site visits. However, it did impact the number of new trials that were
initiated in 2020 and 2021. The number of oncology trials rebounded in 2022. 

CRA employs experienced Clinical Research Coordinators
that travel to the community-based oncology practices and hospitals for required study visits. Additionally, CRA s principal investigator
for a specific clinical trial is in contact with the oncology practices and hospitals to provide the necessary oversight. Community-based
oncology practices and hospitals choose CRA because we provide the opportunity to conduct and conveniently enroll their patients in important
clinical trials often unavailable to those community-based oncology practices and hospitals. In addition, CRA is committed to increasing
clinical trial access to patients from diverse and underserved communities that will better represent the real-world population. Although
CRA s historical focus has been in the area of oncology, in the future we intend to expand our therapeutic reach into other therapeutic
areas, including possibly gastroenterology, dermatology, cardiology, urology and ophthalmology. The National Institutes of Health estimate
that there are currently 126,164 active clinical studies in these therapeutic areas. 

The clinical research industry is fragmented,
consisting of many small, niche service providers, a number of medium-sized providers and a number of large CROs that are differentiated
by the scale of their global operations, breadth of service portfolios and supporting technology infrastructure. Companies like
CRA generally compete on the basis of previous product experience, the ability to recruit patients, the depth of therapeutic and scientific
expertise, the strength of project teams, price and increasingly on the ability to apply new innovation that can drive significant time
and cost savings throughout the development process. 

On May 1, 2020, CRA entered into a note agreement
for an aggregate principal amount of 146,250 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase under the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA (the 2020 PPP Loan ). On February 19, 2021, CRA entered into a note agreement for an aggregate principal amount of
 148,975 with JPMorgan Chase under the CARES Act administered by the SBA (the 2021 PPP Loan and together with the 2020
PPP Loan, the PPP Loans ). CRA received total aggregate proceeds of 295,225 under the PPP Loans. In accordance with the
requirements of the CARES Act, CRA used proceeds from the PPP Loans primarily for payroll costs. The 2020 PPP Loan was scheduled
to mature on May 1, 2021 and the 2021 PPP Loan was scheduled to mature on February 19, 2022, each with a 1 interest rate and subject
to the terms and conditions applicable to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act. 126,545.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was forgiven
on March 26, 2021. The remaining balance of 19,136.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was not forgiven because an employee was terminated during
the period. This amount is due in five years and is being repaid on a monthly basis. The 2021 PPP Loan was fully forgiven on November
3, 2021. 

PainScript 

On March 25, 2021, Optimus Health, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in AdhereRx Corporation (d/b/a PainScript) PainScript in exchange for an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, including shares issuable upon satisfaction of
certain milestones. On December 28, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the stock acquisition agreement by and among the Company, Optimus
Health, PainScript and Daniel Cohen, pursuant to which we agreed to modify the commercial milestones which needed to be achieved for
the release of 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be equal to: (i) the generation of at least 80,000 in aggregate
revenue between December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022; or (ii) between December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022, the entry into one or more
commercial enterprise contracts that will generate revenue during their term not less than 200,000 from commercial sales of the Chronic
Care Management application (a Commercialization Success ). On April 13, 2022, we entered into a second amendment to the
stock acquisition agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript Corporation and Daniel Cohen, pursuant to which we agreed
that upon a Commercialization Success and the Company s receipt of revenue in excess of 200,000 from the commercial enterprise
contracts entered into in connection with such Commercialization Success or a Change of Control (as defined therein), the Company shall
release the 400,000 shares of Company common stock to the PainScript shareholders. 

On December 7, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock acquisition agreement (the Dec 2022 Agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and certain
shareholders of the Company pursuant to which the Company agreed to exchange 100 of the outstanding shares of PainScript for 1,600,000
shares of the Company s common stock, which shares were then cancelled. The transactions contemplated by the Dec 2022 Agreement
closed on December 15, 2022. In connection with the closing of the Dec 2022 Agreement, the 400,000 earnout shares issued to the former
shareholders of PainScript were also cancelled. In addition, at closing, the Company provided a loan in the aggregate principal amount
of 200,000 to PainScript to cover employee liabilities and general working capital. The loan bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum
and matures on the one-year anniversary of the original issuance date. To date, all interest payments have been made. The loan is secured
by a pledge of a majority of the voting capital stock of PainScript held by certain PainScript shareholders. The Company also contributed
 100,000 to PainScript in order to cover outstanding liabilities. 

26 

Vitality Rx 

On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock purchase agreement with Worker s Health Rx, Inc., d/b/a Vitality Rx Vitality Rx and Marc Wiener, the sole
shareholder, who is also our President, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Vitality Rx in exchange
for the issuance of 250,000 shares of our common stock and 350,000. The cash portion of the purchase price has been paid in full. 

Vitality Rx is an early-stage pharmacy dedicated to serving the pharmacy
needs of patients in the community and residing in Assisted Living and Independent Living facilities throughout the tristate area. 
The pharmacy anticipates maintaining an inventory of brand and generic medications needed to meet the needs of this population. In addition,
Vitality Rx is exploring the possibility of providing IVIG to a number of physician offices in the community: including but not limited
to: neurologists, Ob/Gyn infectious disease. This offering is in a preliminary stage as a business plan is being constructed. 

Recent Developments 

On December 7, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock acquisition agreement (the Dec 2022 Agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and certain
shareholders of the Company pursuant to which the Company agreed to exchange 100 of the outstanding shares of PainScript for 1,600,000
shares of the Company s common stock, which shares were then cancelled. The transactions contemplated by the Dec 2022 Agreement
closed on December 15, 2022. In connection with the closing of the Dec 2022 Agreement, the 400,000 earnout shares issued to the former
shareholders of PainScript were also cancelled. In addition, at closing, the Company provided a loan in the aggregate principal amount
of 200,000 to PainScript to cover employee liabilities and general working capital. The loan bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum
and matures on the one-year anniversary of the original issuance date. To date, all interest payments have been made. The loan is secured
by a pledge of a majority of the voting capital stock of PainScript held by certain PainScript shareholders. The Company also contributed
 100,000 to PainScript in order to cover outstanding liabilities. 

On June 7, 2022, we entered into a securities
purchase agreement with certain accredited investors pursuant to which we issued senior secured convertible notes in an aggregate principal
amount of 2.2 million for an aggregate purchase price of 2.0 million (the June 2022 Notes ). In connection with the issuance
of the June 2022 Notes, we issued to the investors warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,540,000 shares of common stock and 200,000
shares of common stock. 

The June 2022 Notes rank pari passu with the
senior secured convertible notes issued in a May 2021 financing (the May 2021 Notes and senior to all current and future
indebtedness of the Company and are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. In addition, some of the Company s
subsidiaries entered into a subsidiary guaranty agreement and guaranteed the obligations owed to investors under the Notes. 

The May 2021 and June 2022 Notes each have a
term of twenty-four months and mature on May 25, 2024, and June 7, 2024, respectively, unless earlier converted. The Notes accrue interest
at a rate of 9 per annum, subject to increase to 20 per annum upon and during the occurrence of an event of default. Interest is payable
in cash on a quarterly basis. The Notes are convertible at any time, at the holder s option, into shares of our common stock at
an initial conversion price of 1.00 per share, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations (with a maximum ownership limit of
9.99 ). The conversion price is also subject to adjustment due to certain events, including stock dividends, stock splits and in connection
with the issuance by the Company of common stock or common stock equivalents at an effective price per share lower than the conversion
price then in effect. 

Each warrant is exercisable for a period of five
years from the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of 1.25 per share, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations
(with a maximum ownership limit of 9.99 ). The exercise price is also subject to adjustment due to certain events, including stock dividends,
stock splits and in connection with the issuance by the Company of common stock or common stock equivalents at an effective price per
share lower than the exercise price then in effect. The investors may exercise the warrants on a cashless basis if the shares of common
stock underlying the warrants are not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement. In the event the investors exercise
the warrants on a cashless basis, then we will not receive any proceeds. 

Registration Rights Agreements were executed
in connection with the issuance of the May 2021 and June 2022 Notes, the warrants and the common stock. If we fail to have it filed with
the SEC within 180 days following the date of the financing, or if the Company fails to maintain the effectiveness of the registration
statement until all of such shares of common stock have been sold or are otherwise able to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, without any volume or manner of sale restrictions, then the Company will be obligated to pay to the holders
of the May 2021 and June 2022 Notes then, in addition to any other rights the holders may have hereunder or under applicable law, until
the applicable event of default is cured, liquidated damages equal to an amount in cash, their pro rata portion of 20,000, on the date
of such event of default and on every thirtieth (30th) day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter. 
 If the Company is not 144 eligible and if all the securities included by this Registration Statements and the May 2021 Notes and
June 2022 Notes are not subject to one or more registration statements declared effective by the Commission within 180 days of the date
hereof, the following partial liquidated damages shall apply: (i) if none of the registrable securities are so registered, 40,000 per
month; and (ii) if only the registrable securities covered by the May 2021 Registration Rights Agreement are subject to a registration
statement declared effective by the Commission within the applicable time period, 20,000 per month, in each case until cured. 

27 

On April 13, 2022, we entered into a second amendment
to the stock acquisition agreement by and among the Company, Optimus Health, PainScript and Daniel Cohen, pursuant to which we agreed
that upon a Commercialization Success and the Company s receipt of revenue in excess of 200,000 from the commercial enterprise
contracts entered into in connection with such Commercialization Success or a Change of Control (as defined therein), the Company shall
release the 400,000 shares of Company common stock to the PainScript shareholders. 

On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock purchase agreement with Worker s Health Rx, Inc. (d/b/a Vitality Rx and Marc Wiener, the sole shareholder,
who is also our President, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Vitality Rx in exchange for the
issuance of 250,000 shares of our common stock and 350,000. The cash portion of the purchase price has been paid in full. 

On December 17, 2021, the Company filed an amendment
to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation amending the voting and conversion rights of the Series A Preferred stock such
that each share of Series A preferred stock now converts into 1.25 shares of common stock and votes on an as converted basis. 

On November 29, 2021, we entered into a non-binding
Letter of Intent to acquire all the outstanding capital stock of Worker s Health Rx., d/b/a Vitality Rx, for 250,000 shares of
the Company s common stock and 350,000 cash. 

We entered into a securities purchase agreement
dated May 25, 2021, with funds affiliated with Arena Investors LP Arena pursuant to which we issued convertible notes
in an aggregate principal amount of 2.2 million for an aggregate purchase price of 2.0 million (the Notes ). In connection
with the issuance of the Notes, we issued Arena warrants to purchase an aggregate of 165,000 shares of common stock (the May 2021
Warrants and 1,727,859 shares of common stock. 

On March 25, 2021, Optimus Health, Inc., a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in AdhereRx Corporation (d/b/a PainScript) PainScript in exchange for an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, including shares issuable upon satisfaction of
certain milestones. 

We filed a Certificate of Amendment with the
Florida Secretary of State on January 24, 2021, to reflect that we changed our name from Between Dandelions, Inc. to Optimus Healthcare
Services, Inc. In conjunction with the name change, we received approval from the OTCIQ to change our company symbol from HOPS 
to OHCS. 

On December 28, 2020, the Company acquired 100 
of the outstanding equity interests in Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Optimus in exchange
for 9,998,899 shares of its Series A convertible preferred stock and 18,000,000 shares of its common stock. In connection with the transaction
all prior officers and directors of the Company (except Michael Pruitt) resigned and new officers and directors were appointed as officers
and directors of the Company. 

On November 25, 2020, Clinical Research Alliance
Acquisition Corp. CRAAC ), an entity majority owned by Optimus, acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests in Clinical
Research Alliance, Inc. CRA in exchange for 70 shares of its common stock. 

Impact of COVID-19 

On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus originating in Wuhan, China (the COVID-19
outbreak and the risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin. In March 2020,
the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. 

The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues
to evolve as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As such, it is uncertain as to the full magnitude that the pandemic will
have on our financial condition, liquidity, and future results of operations. Management is actively monitoring the global situation
and its impact on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. 

The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
is highly uncertain and subject to change, and we do not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on our business, financing
or clinical trial activities or on healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. The COVID-19 pandemic did not impact any open
trials that were ongoing as CRA able to conduct business remotely instead of through on-site visits. However, it did impact the number
of new trials that were initiated in 2020 and 2021. Although we cannot estimate the length or gravity of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak
nor estimate the potential impact to our financial statements at this time, if the pandemic continues, it could have a material adverse
effect on our results of future operations, financial position, liquidity, and capital resources, and those of the third parties on which
we rely. 

28 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenue 
 1,218,882 
 827,266 

Cost of sales 
 262,689 
 108,702 

Gross profit 
 956,193 
 718,564 

Operating expenses: 

Stock based compensation 
 3,315,895 
 4,700,222 
 
 Personnel expenses 
 2,699,958 
 1,581,716 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 2,330,568 
 1,499,791 
 
 Professional fees 
 675,943 
 676,613 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 9,022,364 
 8,458,342 

Loss from operations 
 (8,066,171 
 (7,739,778 

Other income (expense): 

Amortization of debt discount 
 (1,131,629 
 (663,014 
 
 Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 
 148,975 
 
 Interest expense 
 (324,385 
 (157,330 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt accounts payable 
 (218,238 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposition of subsidiary 
 (127,927 
 - 
 
 Net loss from investments 
 (183,241 
 (22,560 
 
 Interest income 
 700 
 15,000 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (1,984,720 
 (678,929 

Loss before income tax (expense) benefit 
 (10,050,891 
 (8,418,707 

Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (674,292 
 666,616 

Net loss 
 (10,725,183 
 (7,752,091 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Net Revenues 

Net Revenues were 1,218,882 for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 827,266 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 391,616. Revenues consist primarily of services to pharmaceutical
companies for the execution of oncology clinical trials. The increase in revenues was a result of a rebound to normal operations in 2022
versus the prior period where the lower revenues were impacted by COVID-19 and reducing the number of oncology trials offered as many
pharmaceuticals companies changed their focus to vaccine development and treatment for COVID-19. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of Sales were 262,689 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 108,702 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 153,987. Cost of Sales consist primarily of outside physician services.
The increase in cost of sales was a result of a rebound to normal operations in 2022 versus the prior period where the lower sales were
impacted by COVID-19 and reducing the number of oncology trials offered as many pharmaceuticals companies changed their focus to vaccine
development and treatment for COVID-19. 

29 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit was 956,193 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 718,564 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 237,629. The increase in gross profit was a result of a rebound to normal
operations in 2022, in which sales increased 391,616 to 1,218,882, versus the prior period where the lower sales were impacted by COVID-19
and thus reduced the number of oncology trials offered as many pharmaceuticals companies changed their focus to vaccine development and
treatment for COVID-19. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock based compensation was 3,315,895 for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 4,700,222 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1,384,327. Stock based compensation consists of stock options
and RSU s issued to employees and consultants. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred new stock-based compensation
expense of 6,247,005, which was offset by a reversal of 2,931,110 due to previously recorded stock compensation reversed for stock
cancellation that did not yet vest. 

Personnel Expenses 

Personnel expenses were 2,699,958 for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 1,581,716 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,118,242. Personnel expenses consist primarily of executive
employment agreements, and employee salaries and payroll taxes related to CRA and Vitality Rx due to increased operating activities leading
to increased sales during the year. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses were 2,330,568 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 1,499,791 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 830,777. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of insurance, rent, study expenses and other corporate expenses to generally support the current and future anticipated operations.
The increase was a result of increased operating activities and general support leading to increased sales during the year, as well as
supporting the Company s reverse merger and the filing requirements with the Securities and Exchange Commission related to its
quarterly Form 10-Q, annual Form 10-K, and other reporting and filing requirements. 

Professional Fees 

Professional Fees were 675,943 for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 676,613 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 670. Professional Fees consist primarily of legal and accounting fees
related to services performed by outside vendors supporting the Company s reverse merger and the filing requirements with the Securities
and Exchange Commission related to its quarterly Form 10-Q, annual Form 10-K, and other reporting and filing requirements. 

Loss from Operations 

The Company had a loss from operations of 8,066,171 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 7,739,778 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 326,393 as a result of the foregoing factors. 

Amortization of Debt Discount 

Amortization of Debt Discount was 1,131,629 for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 663,014 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 468,615. The increase was a result of new convertible debt
issued in 2022. 

Forgiveness of PPP Loan 

Forgiveness of a payroll protection loan was 0 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 148,975 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 148,975. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense was 324,385 for the year ended December 31, 2022
and 157,330 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 167,055. Interest expense consists primarily of interest on convertible
debt. The increase was a result of new convertible debt issued in 2022 and the resultant interest expense. 

30 

Loss on extinguishment of debt accounts payable 

Loss on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable was 218,238 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 218,238. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued 362,000 shares of common stock valued at 561,100 in satisfaction of 342,862 in accounts payable resulting
in a loss on extinguishment of debt and accounts payable in the amount of 218,238. 

Loss on disposition of subsidiary 

Loss on disposition of subsidiary was 127,927 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 127,927. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company disposed of its subsidiary, PainScript, resulting in a loss on disposition of subsidiary in the amount of 127,927. 

Net Loss from Investments 

Net loss from investments was 183,241 for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 22,560 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 160,681. Net loss from investments consists of realized and
unrealized gains from marketable securities purchased in 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net loss from investments consisted
of 203,371 in unrealized loss and 20,130 of realized gain. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net loss from investments consisted
of 69,269 in unrealized loss and 46,709 of realized gain. 

Interest Income 

Interest income was 700 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
 15,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 14,300. Interest income consists primarily of interest on a short-term loan
receivable. 

Income Taxes 

The income tax expense was 674,292 for the year ended December 31,
2022 and the income tax benefit was 666,616 for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have provided a full valuation
allowance against all of the net deferred tax assets. This was based on management s assessment, including its cumulative operating
losses, that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets may not be realized in the future. We continue to evaluate for
potential utilization of our deferred tax asset, which has been fully reserved for, on a quarterly basis, reviewing our economic models,
including projections and timing of orders, cost containment measures and other factors. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the foregoing factors, net loss was 10,725,183 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 7,752,091 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 2,973,092. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company s current operations have been
focused on business planning and raising capital. The Company has sustained operating losses since inception and expects such losses
to continue over the foreseeable future. In May 2021, the Company issued approximately 2.2 million aggregate principal amount of convertible
notes and in June 2022, the Company issued an additional 2.2 million aggregate principal amount of convertible notes on the same terms
as the Notes issued in May 2021. Any outstanding amounts of these convertible notes mature on May 25, 2024 and June 7, 2024, respectively.
Substantial additional financing will be needed by the Company to fund its operations and to commercially develop its services. Management
is currently evaluating different strategies to obtain the required funding for future operations. These strategies may include but are
not limited to: private offerings of Common Stock, public offerings of equity and/or debt securities, payments from potential strategic
research and development and licensing and/or marketing arrangements. Management believes that these ongoing and planned financing endeavors,
if successful, will provide adequate financial resources to continue as a going concern for at least the next six months from the date
the financial statements are issued; however, there can be no assurance in this regard. If the Company is unable to secure adequate additional
funding, its business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

The independent auditors 
report accompanying our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company have been prepared on a going-concern basis,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly, the financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue in existence. The Company
has incurred substantial losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception and has an accumulated deficit of approximately
 19,032,561 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that
it can generate significant sales or revenue from its services. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

31 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had cash of 751,017 and working capital of 193,033. We will, however, in the future require additional cash resources to fund
operating losses, due to changing business conditions, implementation of our strategy to expand our business, or other investments or
acquisitions we may decide to pursue. If our own financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we may seek
to sell additional equity or debt securities. The sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders.
The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial
covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any
failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to expand our business operations
and could harm our overall business prospects. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company s
ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that may
be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management believes that actions presently being taken to obtain
additional funding and implement its strategic plans for the Company s operating businesses provide the opportunity for the Company
to continue as a going concern. 

On January 10, 2023, the Company sold 675,000
shares of common stock for 1.00 per share, or 675,000. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had
net cash flow used in operating activities of 4,037,342. The cash flow used in operating activities resulted primarily from the net
loss for the period, as partially offset by non-cash charges for stock-based compensation and stock issuance costs amortization of debt
discounts, income tax provision for valuation allowance and depreciation expense. 

We had net cash flow provided by investing activities of 651,460
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The cash provided by investing activities was primarily the result of net sales and purchases of
marketable securities. 

We had net cash flow provided by financing activities
of 3,876,061 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The cash provided by financing activities was primarily the result of proceeds from
sales of the Company s Common Stock and convertible securities financings. 

As a result of the foregoing, the Company had
a net increase in cash of 490,179 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

On May 1, 2020, the Company entered into a note
agreement for an aggregate principal amount of 146,250 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase under the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA (the 2020 PPP Loan ). On February 19, 2021 the Company entered into a note agreement for an aggregate principal amount
of 148,975 with JPMorgan Chase under the CARES Act administered by the SBA (the 2021 PPP Loan ). The Company received total
aggregate proceeds of 295,225 under the PPP Loan. In accordance with the requirements of the CARES Act, the Company used
proceeds from the PPP Loan primarily for payroll costs. The 2020 PPP Loan was scheduled to mature on May
1, 2021 and the 2021 PPP Loan was scheduled to mature on February 19, 2022, each with a 1 interest rate and is subject to the terms
and conditions applicable to loans administered by the SBA under the CARES Act. 126,545.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was forgiven
on March 26, 2021. The remaining balance of 19,136.50 of the 2020 PPP Loan was not forgiven because an employee was terminated during
the period. This amount is due in five years and is being repaid on a monthly basis. The 2021 PPP Loan was fully forgiven on November
3, 2021. 

The impact of COVID-19 on our business has been
considered in these assumptions; however, it is too early to know the full impact of COVID-19 or its timing on a return to more normal
operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We consider the following accounting policies
to be critical given that they involve estimates and judgments made by management and are important for our investors understanding
of our operating results and financial condition. For more information see Note 2 to our audited financial statements beginning on page
F-11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. The most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of equity issued for services, valuation
of equity associated with convertible debt, the valuation of derivative liabilities, and the valuation of deferred tax assets. Actual
results could differ from these estimates. 

32 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in
accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from contracts with customers, 
(Topic 606). Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services. In addition, the standard requires
disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The amount
of revenue that is recorded reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The
Company applies the following five-step model in order to determine this amount: (i) identification of the promised goods in the contract;
(ii) determination of whether the promised goods are performance obligations, including whether they are distinct in the context of the
contract; (iii) measurement of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; (iv) allocation of the transaction
price to the performance obligations; and (v) recognition of revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies each performance obligation.
The Company recognizes as revenues the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when
the performance obligation is satisfied or as it is satisfied. The Company s main revenue stream is from services. Generally, the
Company s performance obligations are transferred to customers at a point in time, typically upon delivery. For services
performed by CRA, the Company s performance obligations are generally met at the point in time the services are rendered. 

Derivative Liability 

The Company evaluates convertible
instruments, options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as
derivatives to be separately accounted for under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The result of this accounting
treatment is that the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In the event
that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income (expense).
Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair
value is reclassified to equity. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under
ASC Topic 815 are reclassified to liabilities at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. The Company currently
has no derivative liability instruments. 

Goodwill 

We assess goodwill for impairment annually, or
more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, by comparing its carrying value to the reporting
unit s fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we determined that there was no goodwill impairment. 

Stock Based Compensation 

The Company records stock-based compensation
in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718, Accounting for Stock Compensation , which establishes accounting
standards for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services. In accordance with guidance provided
under ASC Topic 718, the Company recognizes an expense for the fair value of its stock awards at the time of grant and the fair value
of its outstanding stock options as they vest, whether held by employees or others. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model to compute the estimated fair value of option awards and includes assumptions regarding expected volatility, expected option term,
dividend yields and risk-free interest rates. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 3,315,895 and 4,700,222
in stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 

Inflation 

We believe that inflation has not had a material
adverse impact on our business or operating results during the periods presented. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

33 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The consolidated financial statements and supplementary
data required by this item are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end
of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The term disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to a company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide
absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d)
of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Controls 

Our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain
assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud,
if any, within the Company have been detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

34 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the name, age
and positions of our executive officers and directors as of March 24, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 John Sganga 
 
 62 
 
 Chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Marc Wiener 
 
 57 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 
 Cliff Saffron 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel 
 
 Philip Scala 
 
 72 
 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 James Murphy 
 
 77 
 
 Director 
 
 Justin Deutsch 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 James Hartmann 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Jeffrey Gudin 
 
 56 
 
 Director 

John Sganga was appointed President
and Chief Executive Officer of Clinical Research Alliance on June 30, 2022. On August 25, 2022, Mr. Sganga was appointed Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company. From 2017 2020 Mr. Sganga served as SVP of Premier, Inc. From 1994 2016 Mr. Sganga
was President and CEO of Innovatix Essensa, which was sold to Premier. From 1992 1994 Mr. Sganga was VP, Financial Operations
for the Greater New York Hospital Association. From 1990-1992 Mr. Sganga was Senior Director, Financial Operations for Columbia-Presbyterian
Medical Center. From 1989 1990 Mr. Sganga was Manager, Ernst Young. From 2020 present Mr. Sganga has been Senior
Advisor, Healthcare for Google Development, LLC. Mr. Sganga also currently sits on the Board of Trustees for Pandion Optimization Alliance
and White Plains Hospital. Mr. Sganga holds a Master s in Public Administration from the Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public
Service at New York University with a concentration in Financial Services. 

Marc Wiener was appointed President
of the Company on August 25, 2022. From December 2020 through August 25, 2022, Mr. Wiener was Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
From April 2017 to June 2020, Mr. Wiener served as President of Orphan Pharmacy Services. From July 2011 to January 2017, Mr. Wiener
served as President of Linden Care Pharmacy. Mr. Wiener is a serial entrepreneur who has successfully built and led multiple healthcare
services companies. Prior to the Company, Mr. Wiener founded Orphan Pharmacy Services, a provider of pharmacy services for FDA approved
clinical studies, was the co-founder and CEO of Lindencare, which had over 43.5 billion in sales, and founded Vitality Pharmaceutical
Services, a provider of specialty pharmacy services. Mr. Wiener received his BS Pharmacy from St. John s University College of
Pharmacy Allied Sciences. 

Cliff Saffron has been our Chief
Financial Officer and General Counsel since April 2021. From March 2020 to March 2021, Mr. Saffron served as CEO of The Animal Surgical
Center. From October 2018 to March 2020, Mr. Saffron served as President of Hoffman Technologies d/b/a Varent Life Sciences. Mr. Saffron
has over three decades of experience advising pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies as an attorney and consultant. As a direct
entry partner at KPMG, Mr. Saffron, for 13 years, established and led the regulatory, risk and compliance practice for pharmaceutical,
biotech and healthcare companies. Prior to KPMG, Mr. Saffron was the Senior Vice President and General Counsel of ImClone Systems (2002
 2005), and from 1994 2001 Mr. Saffron was Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of ICN Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Early in his career Mr. Saffron was associated with a number of New York City based law firms, the last of which was Proskauer Rose.
Mr. Saffron received his BA in History from Syracuse University, and his Juris Doctor from Touro College Jacob Fuchsberg School
of Law. 

Philip P. Scala was the Company s
interim Chief Executive Officer from May 2020 until October 2020 and has been a Director since May 2020. Since May 2008, Mr. Scala has
also been the chief executive officer and founder of Pathfinder Consultants International, Inc., a privately-held firm that provides
services to its clients on a variety of matters, including, monitorships, executive employment screening, covert internal investigations,
vendor qualification, asset recovery, crisis management, executive protection, site surveys, surveillances, negotiation training and
firearms training. Prior to forming Pathfinder Consultants International, Mr. Scala served the United States both as a Commissioned Officer
in the US Army for five years followed by his 29 years of service with the Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI). Mr. Scala received
his bachelor s degree and Master of Business Administration in accounting from St. John s University and earned a Master
of Arts degree in Psychology from New York University. 

James Murphy has been a director
of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Murphy is the Founder and President of Sutton Associates and has served in such role since 1991.
Prior to Sutton Associates, Mr. Murphy was President of Yale Associates from 1985 to 1990. From 1980 to 1984, Mr. Murphy was an Assistant
Special Agent in Charge with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, responsible for a territory encompassing more than seven million people.
His investigative specialties included organized crime, white-collar crime, labor racketeering and political corruption. From 1976 to
1980, Mr. Murphy was assigned to the Office of Planning and Evaluation at FBI headquarters, Washington, D.C. In this capacity, he evaluated
and recommended changes in the FBI s administrative and investigative programs. Since entering the private sector in 1984, Mr.
Murphy has advanced the industry by developing systematic and professional protocols for performing due diligence, as well as other investigative
services. 

35 

Justin Deutsch has been a director
of the Company since December 2020. Mr. Deutsch joined Weybosset Research Management, LLC in October 2014 as a portfolio manager
and since 2020 has served as a partner. Prior to joining the firm, he was an equity analyst and trader at Bay Crest Partners for five
years, specializing in large cap companies. Justin has been instrumental in helping build portfolios at Weybosset think, trains,
truck engines, beer, industrial gasses, and retailing. Before Bay Crest, Mr. Deutsch worked as head trader and portfolio manager for
Horn Capital Management, a hedge fund based in New York City. Mr. Deutsch received his BA from New York University and most recently
attended the Harvard Kennedy Schools program, Investment Decisions and Behavioral Finance. He currently splits his time between New York
and Providence. 

James Hartmann has been a director
since December. Mr. Hartmann has over 30 years of regulatory and investment management experience advising SEC-registered investment
advisers and investment companies in venture capital, private equity, private credit, and various liquid fixed income and equity strategies.
Since February 2020, Mr. Hartmann has been a compliance and regulatory consultant at MSU Consulting Corp. From September 2015 to February
2020, Mr. Hartmann served as chief compliance officer and managing director of Arena Investors, LP and Arena Financial Services LLC,
a registered investment adviser and its affiliated broker-dealer. He has previously held Chief Compliance Officer positions at divisions
of Prudential Insurance Company and UBS, in addition to senior consulting positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Ernst Young
Global Limited. Mr. Hartmann began his career with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission s New York Regional Office in
1990 and received his B.S. in Corporate Finance from Indiana University. 

Dr. Jeff Gudin has been a director
since August 2021. Since 2020, Dr Gudin has been on Faculty with the Department of Anesthesiology, Preoperative Medicine and Pain Management
at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. From 2000 to 2019, Dr. Gudin was the Director of Pain Management and Palliative
Care at Englewood Hospital and Medical Center, a Mount Sinai University School of Medicine teaching affiliate in New Jersey. Dr. Gudin
completed his residency in Anesthesiology at the Yale University School of Medicine and his fellowship at the Yale Center for Pain Management.
While in New Haven, Dr. Gudin also trained in Addiction Medicine and directed a substance abuse treatment center. Dr. Gudin has dedicated
his career to promoting education in pain management with a focus on opioid related safety. As faculty in the Department of Anesthesiology
at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, he remains active in teaching and research. Dr. Gudin has lectured internationally
on a variety of topics in pain management, palliative care and addiction medicine. Through a company he co-founded, Dr Gudin is principal
investigator on an NIH funded research project through the Help End Addiction Long-Term (HEAL) Initiative. This grant from the National
Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS) division of NIH is to study the pharmacology and safety of a novel analgesic molecule/formulation
for the treatment of pain. 

Board Committees, Compensation Committee Interlocks
and Insider Participation 

Our board of directors directs the management
of our business and affairs, as provided by Florida law, and conducts its business through meetings of the board of directors. As of
the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Board has adopted committee charters for an audit committee, nominating and corporate
governance committee and compensation committee, copies of which will be available on our website. In addition, from time to time, special
committees may be established under the direction of the board of directors when necessary to address specific issues. The Company intends
to formally appoint members to each of the various committees during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

Audit Committee 

Our audit committee will be responsible for,
among other things: 

The Company s financial statements and other financial
information provided by the Company to its shareholders and others; 

The independent auditors, including their qualifications
and independence; 

The Company s systems of internal controls, including
internal audit function; 

Treasury and finance matters; 

Enterprise risk management, privacy and data security; and 

Compliance with legal, regulatory and public disclosure requirements 

36 

Compensation Committee 

Our compensation committee will be responsible
for, among other things: 

review and recommend the compensation arrangements for management;
and 

administer our incentive stock plans. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
will be responsible for, among other things: 

identify and nominate members of the board of directors;
and 

develop and recommend to the board of directors a set of
corporate governance principles applicable to the company 

Family Relationships 

None 

Arrangements between Officers and Directors 

To our knowledge, there is no arrangement or
understanding between any of our officers or directors and any other person pursuant to which the officer or director was selected to
serve as an officer or director. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We are not aware of any of our directors or officers
being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings
(other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a written code of business conduct
and ethics that applies to our directors, officers, employees and consultants, including our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the code is filed as an exhibit
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is posted on our website, www.optimushealthcare.com . We intend to post on our website all
disclosures that are required by law concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code. 

Changes in Nominating Procedures 

None. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

As a smaller reporting company 
under SEC rules, our named executive officers for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (collectively, the Named
Executive Officers were as follows: 

John Sganga, who was appointed as our CEO September 7, 2022 

Marc Wiener, who was appointed as our President on December 26, 2020, became CEO in March 2021 and
 resigned on September 7, 2022 and became President on September 7, 2022; 

Dan Cohen, who was appointed as our President on March 24, 2021 and resigned on August 24, 2022. 

Cliff Saffron, who was appointed as our chief financial officer and general counsel on May 25, 2021. 

37 

The following table presents the compensation
awarded to, earned by or paid to each of our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 3 
 Option Awards ) 1 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 John Sganga 
 2022 
 226,154 
 65,000 
 2,890,674 
 3,350,000 (4) 
 6,531,828 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 

Marc Wiener 
 2022 
 219,708 
 65,000 
 173,803 
 0 
 458,511 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and current President 
 2021 
 105,000 
 90,000 
 5,980,000 
 
 6,175,000 

Dan Cohen 
 2022 
 257,500 
 0 
 73,610 
 0 
 331,110 
 
 Former President 
 2021 
 182,711 
 114,000 
 5,980,000 
 50,000 (2) 
 6,326,711 

Cliff Saffron 
 2022 
 167,332 
 107,500 
 73,610 
 0 
 348,442 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel 
 2021 
 102,000 
 54,000 
 747,500 
 
 903,500 

1 These amounts represent the aggregate grant date fair value
for option awards for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or ASC 718. A discussion of the assumptions used in determining grant date fair value may
be found in Note 17 to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2 Represents 50,000 paid to Mr. Cohen at closing of the acquisition
of PainScript to retire previously retained earnings that were held at PainScript. Mr. Cohen resigned as President of the
Company on August 24, 2022. 

3. 
 Amounts represent annual cash bonuses
earned for the applicable fiscal year. For 2022 the annual cash bonuses will be paid during the first and second quarters of the calendar
year following the year in which the cash bonus relates. 

4. 
 The amount represents 2,000,000 restricted
 stock units issued on December 20, 2022 at a price per share of 1.68 

Employment Agreements 

On June 30, 2022, we entered into a letter employment
agreement with John Sganga, whereby he became President and Chief Executive Officer of Clinical Research Alliance, one of our portfolio
companies. On August 25, 2022, Mr. Sganga became Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Mr Sganga s original base
salary was 300,000 per year and on December 20, 2022 his base salary was increased to 500,000. Mr. Sganga is eligible to receive an
annual bonus of up to 50 of his base salary per year at the discretion of the Board. Mr. Sganga was also granted options to purchase
250,000 shares of our common stock, which vest in four equal installments commencing on the date of the agreement and each anniversary
thereafter. Mr. Sganga is entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans, from time to time, in effect for senior management, along
with vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with our policies established and in effect from time to time. The agreement may be
terminated by us at any time and for any reason (or no reason), and with or without cause, provided if the agreement is terminated without
cause, we are required to provide Mr. Sganga at least 1-day prior written notice. Mr. Sganga may terminate the agreement for any reason
(or no reason) upon 30 days prior written notice. If the employment agreement is terminated by us without cause or if Mr. Sganga terminates
his employment for good reason, Mr. Sganga shall receive: (i) a pro-rated bonus for the year in which such termination became effective:
(ii) continued payment of his base compensation during the 12 month period following termination; (iii) immediate vesting of all unvested
equity awards held immediately prior to his termination date; and (iv) payment of the cost of medical insurance for a period of 12 months
following termination. The employment agreement also contains covenants: (i) assigning all intellectual property developed by Mr. Sganga
during the employment term to us; (ii) prohibiting the executive from disclosing confidential information regarding us; and (iii) from
soliciting our employees or consultants during the term of the employment agreement and for a period of one year thereafter. 

38 

On May 25, 2021, we entered into a letter employment
agreement with Marc Wiener, our President, which was amended on August 25, 2022. Mr. Wiener s base salary is 250,000 per year
and he is eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to 50 of his base salary per year at the discretion of the Board. Mr. Wiener was
also granted options to purchase 2 million shares of our common stock, which vest in four equal installments commencing on the date of
the agreement and each anniversary thereafter. Mr. Wiener is entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans, from time to time,
in effect for senior management, along with vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with our policies established and in effect
from time to time. The agreement may be terminated by us at any time and for any reason (or no reason), and with or without cause, provided
if the agreement is terminated without cause, we are required to provide Mr. Wiener at least 1-day prior written notice. Mr. Wiener may
terminate the agreement for any reason (or no reason) upon 30 days prior written notice. If the employment agreement is terminated by
us without cause or if Mr. Wiener terminates his employment for good reason, Mr. Wiener shall receive: (i) a pro-rated bonus for the
year in which such termination became effective: (ii) continued payment of his base compensation during the 12 month period following
termination; (iii) immediate vesting of all unvested equity awards held immediately prior to his termination date; and (iv) payment of
the cost of medical insurance for a period of 12 months following termination. The employment agreement also contains covenants: (i)
assigning all intellectual property developed by Mr. Wiener during the employment term to us; (ii) prohibiting the executive from disclosing
confidential information regarding us; and (iii) from soliciting our employees or consultants during the term of the employment agreement
and for a period of one year thereafter. 

On March 24, 2021, PainScript and the Company
entered into a letter employment agreement with Dan Cohen, our President. Mr. Cohen s base salary is 300,000 per year provided
that until a Go-To-Market Event (as defined in the Employment Agreement) is triggered Mr. Cohen s salary shall be 150,000. Mr.
Cohen is eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to 50 of his base salary per year at the discretion of the Board. Mr. Cohen was also
granted options to purchase 2,000,000 of our common stock, which vest in four equal installments commencing on the date of the agreement
and each anniversary thereafter. In addition, in connection with his employment, the Company paid him 50,000, subject to all mandatory
and voluntary payroll deductions, and the Company issued him shares of common stock. Mr. Cohen is entitled to participate in any and
all benefit plans, from time to time, in effect for senior management, along with vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with our
policies established and in effect from time to time. The agreement may be terminated by us at any time and for any reason (or no reason),
and with or without cause, provided if the agreement is terminated without cause, we are required to provide Mr. Cohen at least 1-day
prior written notice. Mr. Cohen may terminate the agreement for any reason (or no reason) upon 30 days prior written notice. If the employment
agreement is terminated by us without cause or if Mr. Cohen terminates his employment for good reason, Mr. Cohen shall receive: (i) a
pro-rated bonus for the year in which such termination became effective: (ii) continued payment of his base compensation during the 12
month period following termination; (iii) immediate vesting of all unvested equity awards held immediately prior to his termination date;
and (iv) payment of the cost of medical insurance for a period of 12 months following termination. The employment agreement also contains
covenants: (i) assigning all intellectual property developed by Mr. Cohen during the employment term to us; (ii) prohibiting the executive
from disclosing confidential information regarding us; and (iii) soliciting our employees or consultants during the term of the employment
agreement and for a period of one year thereafter. Mr. Cohen resigned as President of the Company on August 24, 2022. 

On May 25, 2021, we entered into a letter employment
agreement with Cliff Saffron, our Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, which was amended August 25, 2022. Mr. Saffron s
base salary is 214,000 per year and he is eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to 50 of his base salary per year at the discretion
of the Board. Mr. Saffron was also granted options to purchase 250,000 of our common stock, which vest in four equal installments commencing
on the date of the agreement and each anniversary thereafter. Mr. Saffron is entitled to participate in any and all benefit plans, from
time to time, in effect for senior management, along with vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with our policies established
and in effect from time to time. The agreement may be terminated by us at any time and for any reason (or no reason), and with or without
cause, provided if the agreement is terminated without cause, we are required to provide Mr. Saffron at least 1-day prior written notice.
Mr. Saffron may terminate the agreement for any reason (or no reason) upon 30 days prior written notice. If the employment agreement
is terminated by us without cause or if Mr. Saffron terminates his employment for good reason, Mr. Saffron shall receive: (i) a pro-rated
bonus for the year in which such termination became effective: (ii) continued payment of his base compensation during the 12 month period
following termination; (iii) immediate vesting of all unvested equity awards held immediately prior to his termination date; and (iv)
payment of the cost of medical insurance for a period of 12 months following termination. The employment agreement also contains covenants:
(i) assigning all intellectual property developed by Mr. Saffron during the employment term to us; (ii) prohibiting the executive from
disclosing confidential information regarding us; and (iii) from soliciting our employees or consultants during the term of the employment
agreement and for a period of one year thereafter. 

39 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table sets forth information concerning
outstanding equity awards held by our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. All equity awards set forth in the table below
were granted under our Plan. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested ) (1) 
 
 John Sganga (2) 
 06/30/2022 
 
 250,000 
 1.55 
 06/30/2032 

12/20/2022 
 
 1,500,000 
 1.67 
 12/20/2032 

12/20/2022 

2,000,000 
 3,200,000 
 
 Marc Weiner (3) 
 05/25/2021 
 500,000 
 1,500,000 
 1.80 
 05/25/2031 

01/14/2022 
 10,000 
 30,000 
 1.85 
 01/14/2032 

12/20/2022 
 
 60,000 
 1.67 
 12/20/2032 

Dan Cohen (4) 

Cliff Saffron (5) 
 05/25/2021 
 62,500 
 187,500 
 1.80 
 05/25/2031 

01/14/2022 
 10,000 
 30,000 
 1.85 
 01/14/2032 

1 The market value is based on the closing price of our common
stock on December 30, 2022 of 1.60 per share . 

2 On June 30, 2022, we issued John Sganga options to purchase
250,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.55 per share. The options vest in 4 equal installments commencing on the
first anniversary of the issuance date and each anniversary thereafter. On December 20, 2022, we issued John Sganga (i) options to purchase
1,500,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.67 per share and (ii) restricted stock units (RSUs) to purchase 2,000,000
shares of common stock. The options vest in 4 equal installments commencing on the first anniversary of the issuance date and each anniversary
thereafter. The RSUs vest based on a performance and vesting schedule detailed on the RSU grant notice. 

3 On May 25, 2021, we issued Marc Wiener, now our president,
options to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.80 per share. The options vest in 4 equal installments
commencing on the first anniversary of the issuance date and each anniversary thereafter. On December 20, 2022, we issued Marc Wiener
options to purchase 60,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.67 per share. On January 14, 2022, we issued Marc Wiener
options to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.85 per share. The options vest in 4 equal installments
commencing on the first anniversary of the issuance date and each anniversary thereafter. 

4 On May 25, 2021, we issued Dan Cohen, who resigned as our
president on August 24, 2022, options to purchase 2,000,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.80 per share. The options
were cancelled as part of the disposition of Painscript in December 2022. 

5 On May 25, 2021, we issued Cliff Saffron, our chief financial
officer and general counsel, options to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.80 per share. The options
vest in 4 equal installments commencing on the first anniversary of the issuance date and each anniversary thereafter. On
January 14, 2022, we issued Cliff Saffron options to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 1.85 per share.
The options vest in 4 equal installments commencing on the first anniversary of the issuance date and each anniversary thereafter. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans, Retirement or Similar
Benefit Plans 

As of December 31, 2022, there were no arrangements
or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. 

Resignation, Retirement, Other Termination,
or Change in Control Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we do not have arrangements
in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our Named Executive Officers set forth above to compensate such officers
in the event of termination of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities
following a change of control except as those set forth under Employment Agreements above. 

40 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

The following table presents the total compensation
for each person who served as a non-employee member of our board of directors and received compensation for such service during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any compensation, make
any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee members of our board of directors
in 2022. 

NAME 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Phil Scala 
 0 
 27,604 
 27,604 
 
 James Murphy 
 0 
 18,403 
 18,403 
 
 Dr. Jeffrey Gudin 
 0 
 31,092 
 31,092 
 
 Justin Deutsch 
 0 
 18,403 
 18,403 
 
 James Hartmann 
 0 
 18,403 
 18,403 
 
 Michael Pruitt(1) 
 0 
 18,403 
 18,403 

(1) Amounts represent the grant
date fair value of such awards, calculated in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718. The assumptions that we used to calculate these amounts are discussed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements,
which are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 

(2) Michael Pruitt resigned as a director of the Company on September
7, 2022 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table summarizes information about
our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holder 
 7,895,000 
 1.67 
 7,105,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holder 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 7,895,000 
 1.67 
 7,105,000 

2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 

Summary 

On May 25, 2021, our Board of Directors and a
majority of our stockholders adopted the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). 

Our administrator may grant incentive stock options,
non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards to participants
to acquire shares of our common stock under the 2021 Plan. It is anticipated that the 2021 Plan will be administered by our Board of
Directors, or if our Board of Directors does not administer the 2021 Plan, a committee or subcommittee of our Board of Directors that
complies with the applicable requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and any other applicable legal or stock exchange listing
requirements. The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 the approximate number of each class of participants eligible to
participate in the 2021 Plan and the basis of such participation. 

Class and Basis of Participation 
 
 Approximate 
 Number of 
 Class 

Employees 

19 

Directors 

7 

Independent Contractors 

9 

(1) Two of our directors are employees of the Company. 

41 

Description of 2021 Plan 

Types of Awards . 

The 2021 Plan provides for the issuance of incentive
stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), and other stock-based awards. Items described above in the Section called Shares Available; Certain Limitations 
are incorporated herein by reference. 

Administration . 

The 2021 Plan will be administered by our Board
of Directors, or if our Board of Directors does not administer the 2021 Plan, a committee or subcommittee of our Board of Directors that
complies with the applicable requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and any other applicable legal or stock exchange listing
requirements (each of our Board of Directors or such committee or subcommittee, the plan administrator ). The plan administrator
may interpret the 2021 Plan and may prescribe, amend and rescind rules and make all other determinations necessary or desirable for the
administration of the 2021 Plan, provided that, subject to the equitable adjustment provisions described below, the plan administrator
will not have the authority to reprice or cancel and re-grant any award at a lower exercise, base or purchase price or cancel any award
with an exercise, base or purchase price in exchange for cash, property or other awards without first obtaining the approval of our stockholders. 

The 2021 Plan permits the plan administrator
to select the eligible recipients who will receive awards, to determine the terms and conditions of those awards, including, but not
limited to, the exercise price or other purchase price of an award, the number of shares of common stock or cash or other property subject
to an award, the term of an award and the vesting schedule applicable to an award, and to amend the terms and conditions of outstanding
awards. 

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units . 

Restricted stock and RSUs may be granted under
the 2021 Plan. The plan administrator will determine the purchase price, vesting schedule and performance goals, if any, and any other
conditions that apply to a grant of restricted stock and RSUs. If the restrictions, performance goals or other conditions determined
by the plan administrator are not satisfied, the restricted stock and RSUs will be forfeited. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan
and the applicable award agreement, the plan administrator has the sole discretion to provide for the lapse of restrictions in installments. 

Unless the applicable award agreement provides
otherwise, participants with restricted stock will generally have all of the rights of a stockholder; provided that dividends will only
be paid if and when the underlying restricted stock vests. RSUs will not be entitled to dividends prior to vesting but may be entitled
to receive dividend equivalents if the award agreement provides for them. The rights of participants granted restricted stock or RSUs
upon the termination of employment or service to us will be set forth in the award agreement. 

Options. 

Incentive stock options and non-statutory stock
options may be granted under the 2021 Plan. An incentive stock option means an option intended to qualify for tax treatment
applicable to incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code. A non-statutory stock option is an option that is
not subject to statutory requirements and limitations required for certain tax advantages that are allowed under specific provisions
of the Code. A non-statutory stock option under the 2021 Plan is referred to for federal income tax purposes as a non-qualified 
stock option. Each option granted under the 2021 Plan will be designated as a non-qualified stock option or an incentive stock option.
At the discretion of the administrator, incentive stock options may be granted only to our employees, employees of our parent
corporation (as such term is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) or employees of our subsidiaries. 

The exercise period of an option may not exceed
ten years from the date of grant and the exercise price may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of a share of common stock
on the date the option is granted (110 of fair market value in the case of incentive stock options granted to ten percent stockholders).
The exercise price for shares of common stock subject to an option may be paid in cash, or as determined by the plan administrator in
its sole discretion: (i) through any cashless exercise procedure approved by the plan administrator (including the withholding of shares
of common stock otherwise issuable upon exercise); (ii) by tendering unrestricted shares of common stock owned by the participant; (iii)
with any other form of consideration approved by the plan administrator and permitted by applicable law; or (iv) by any combination of
these methods. The option holder will have no rights to dividends or distributions or other rights of a stockholder with respect to the
shares of common stock subject to an option until the option holder has given written notice of exercise and paid the exercise price
and applicable withholding taxes. 

In the event of a participant s termination
of employment or service, the participant may exercise his or her option (to the extent vested as of such date of termination) for such
period of time as specified in his or her option agreement. 

42 

Stock Appreciation Rights . 

SARs may be granted either alone (a free-standing
SAR or in conjunction with all or part of any option granted under the 2021 Plan (a tandem SAR ). A free-standing
SAR will entitle its holder to receive, at the time of exercise, an amount per share up to the excess of the fair market value (at the
date of exercise) of a share of common stock over the base price of the free-standing SAR (which shall be no less than 100 of the fair
market value of the related shares of common stock on the date of grant) multiplied by the number of shares in respect of which the SAR
is being exercised. A tandem SAR will entitle its holder to receive, at the time of exercise of the SAR and surrender of the applicable
portion of the related option, an amount per share up to the excess of the fair market value (at the date of exercise) of a share of
common stock over the exercise price of the related option multiplied by the number of shares in respect of which the SAR is being exercised.
The exercise period of a free-standing SAR may not exceed ten years from the date of grant. The exercise period of a tandem SAR will
also expire upon the expiration of its related option. 

The holder of a SAR will have no rights to dividends
or any other rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares of common stock subject to the SAR until the holder has given written
notice of exercise and paid the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes. 

In the event of a participant s termination
of employment or service, the holder of a SAR may exercise his or her SAR (to the extent vested as of such date of termination) for such
period of time as specified in his or her SAR agreement. 

Other Stock-Based Awards . 

The plan administrator may grant other stock-based
awards under the 2021 Plan, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, shares of common stock. The plan administrator
will determine the terms and conditions of these awards, including the number of shares of common stock to be granted pursuant to each
award, the manner in which the award will be settled, and the conditions to the vesting and payment of the award (including the achievement
of performance goals). The rights of participants granted other stock-based awards upon the termination of employment or service to us
will be set forth in the applicable award agreement. In the event that a bonus is granted in the form of shares of common stock, the
shares of common stock constituting such bonus shall, as determined by the administrator, be evidenced in uncertificated form or by a
book entry record or a certificate issued in the name of the participant to whom such grant was made and delivered to such participant
as soon as practicable after the date on which such bonus is payable. Any dividend or dividend equivalent award issued hereunder shall
be subject to the same restrictions, conditions and risks of forfeiture as apply to the underlying award. 

Equitable Adjustment and Treatment of Outstanding
Awards Upon a Change in Control 

Equitable Adjustments . 

In the event of a merger, consolidation, reclassification,
recapitalization, spin-off, spin-out, repurchase, reorganization, special or extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary distribution
(whether in the form of common stock, cash or other property), combination, exchange of shares, or other change in corporate structure
affecting our common stock, an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment shall be made in: (i) the aggregate number and kind
of securities reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan; (ii) the kind and number of securities subject to, and the exercise price of,
any outstanding options and SARs granted under the 2021 Plan; (iii) the kind, number and purchase price of shares of common stock, or
the amount of cash or amount or type of property, subject to outstanding restricted stock, RSUs and other stock-based awards granted
under the 2021 Plan; and (iv) the terms and conditions of any outstanding awards (including any applicable performance targets). Equitable
substitutions or adjustments other than those listed above may also be made as determined by the plan administrator. In addition, the
plan administrator may terminate all outstanding awards for the payment of cash or in-kind consideration having an aggregate fair market
value equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares of common stock, cash or other property covered by such awards over
the aggregate exercise price, if any, of such awards, but if the exercise price of any outstanding award is equal to or greater than
the fair market value of the shares of common stock, cash or other property covered by such award, the plan administrator may cancel
the award without the payment of any consideration to the participant. With respect to awards subject to foreign laws, adjustments will
be made in compliance with applicable requirements. Except to the extent determined by the plan administrator, adjustments to incentive
stock options will be made only to the extent not constituting a modification within the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of
the Code. 

Change in Control . 

The 2021 Plan provides that, unless otherwise
determined by the plan administrator and evidenced in an award agreement, if a change in control (as defined below) occurs
and a participant is employed by us or any of our affiliates immediately prior to the consummation of the change in control, then the
plan administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion may: (i) provide that any unvested or unexercisable portion of an award carrying
a right to exercise will become fully vested and exercisable; and (ii) cause the restrictions, deferral limitations, payment conditions
and forfeiture conditions applicable to any award granted under the 2021 Plan to lapse, and the awards will be deemed fully vested and
any performance conditions imposed with respect to such awards will be deemed to be fully achieved at target performance levels. The
plan administrator shall have discretion in connection with such change in control to provide that all outstanding and unexercised options
and SARs shall expire upon the consummation of such change in control. 

43 

For purposes of the 2021 Plan, a change
in control means, in summary, the first to occur of the following events: (i) a person or entity becomes the beneficial owner
of more than 50 of our voting power; (ii) an unapproved change in the majority membership of our Board of Directors; (iii) a merger
or consolidation of us or any of our subsidiaries, other than: (A) a merger or consolidation that results in our voting securities continuing
to represent 50 or more of the combined voting power of the surviving entity or its parent and our Board of Directors immediately prior
to the merger or consolidation continuing to represent at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the surviving entity or its parent;
or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization in which no person is or becomes the beneficial owner of our
voting securities representing more than 50 of our combined voting power; or (iv) stockholder approval of a plan of our complete liquidation
or dissolution or the consummation of an agreement for the sale or disposition of substantially all of our assets, other than (A) a sale
or disposition to an entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of which is owned by our stockholders in substantially the same
proportions as their ownership of us immediately prior to such sale or (B) a sale or disposition to an entity controlled by our Board
of Directors. However, a change in control will not be deemed to have occurred as a result of any transaction or series of integrated
transactions following which our stockholders, immediately prior thereto, hold immediately afterward the same proportionate equity interests
in the entity that owns all or substantially all of our assets. 

Tax Withholding 

Each participant will be required to make arrangements
satisfactory to the plan administrator regarding payment of up to the maximum statutory tax rates in the participant s applicable
jurisdiction with respect to any award granted under the 2021 Plan, as determined by us. We have the right, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the participant. With the approval of the plan
administrator, the participant may satisfy the foregoing requirement by either electing to have us withhold from delivery of shares of
common stock, cash, or other property, as applicable, or by delivering already owned unrestricted shares of common stock, in each case,
having a value not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to the tax obligations. We may also use any other method
of obtaining the necessary payment or proceeds, as permitted by applicable law, to satisfy our withholding obligation with respect to
any award. 

Amendment and Termination of the 2021 Plan 

The 2021 Plan provides our Board of Directors
with authority to amend, alter or terminate the 2021 Plan, but no such action impairs the rights of any participant with respect to outstanding
awards without the participant s consent. The plan administrator may amend an award, prospectively or retroactively, but no such
amendment may materially impair the rights of any participant without the participant s consent. Stockholder approval of any such
action will be obtained if required to comply with applicable law. The 2021 Plan will terminate on the tenth anniversary of the Effective
Date (although awards granted before that time will remain outstanding in accordance with their terms). 

Clawback 

If we are required to prepare a financial restatement
due to the material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirement, then the plan administrator may require any Section 16 officer
to repay or forfeit to us that part of the cash or equity incentive compensation received by that Section 16 officer during the preceding
three years that the plan administrator determines was in excess of the amount that such Section 16 officer would have received had such
cash or equity incentive compensation been calculated based on the financial results reported in the restated financial statement. The
plan administrator may take into account any factors it deems reasonable in determining whether to seek recoupment of previously paid
cash or equity incentive compensation and how much of such compensation to recoup from each Section 16 officer (which need not be the
same amount or proportion for each Section 16 officer). The amount and form of the incentive compensation to be recouped shall be determined
by the administrator in its sole and absolute discretion. 

New Plan Benefits 

Future grants under the 2021 Plan will be made
at the discretion of the plan administrator and, accordingly, are not yet determinable. In addition, benefits under the 2021 Plan will
depend on a number of factors, including the fair market value of our common stock on future dates and the exercise decisions made by
participants. Consequently, at this time, it is not possible to determine the future benefits that might be received by participants
receiving discretionary grants under the 2021 Plan. 

44 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 24, 2023 by: 

each of our named executive officers; 

each of our directors; 

all of our current directors and named executive officers as a group; and 

each stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our common stock. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Shares of common stock that may be
acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of March 24, 2023, pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants, vesting of common
stock or conversion of convertible debt, are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual
or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person shown in the
table. Percentage of ownership is based on 40,167,598 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 24, 2023. 

Unless noted otherwise, the address of all listed
stockholders is c/o Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 306, Westbury, New York 11590. 

Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we
believe, based on information furnished to us, that each of the stockholders listed has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares beneficially owned by the stockholder unless noted otherwise, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class Outstanding (1) 
 Shares of Series A Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class Outstanding(2) 
 Shares of Series B Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class Outstanding(3) 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners: 

KORR Acquisitions Group, Inc. (4) 
 8,552,374 
 21.3 

KORR Value, LP (5) 
 6,525,000 
 16.2 

Kenneth Orr (6) 
 17,452,374 
 43.4 

Cori Orr (6) 
 17,452,374 
 43.4 

The Gabriel 613 Trust (7) 
 3,125,000 
 7.7 

Arena Investors LP (8) 
 8,032,859 
 9.99 

Sean Spiegelman (9) 
 2,200,000 
 5.8 

3,000,000 
 37.0 
 
 Stephanie Spigelman (10) 
 2,350,000 
 5.8 

3,000,000 
 37.0 
 
 Nathan Kelischek (10) 
 38,750 
 
 1,000 
 90.74 
 750,000 
 9.25 
 
 Fordee CA Trust (11) 
 27,500 

550,000 
 6.79 
 
 Qualstar Capital Corp. (12) 
 30,000 

600,000 
 7.40 
 
 Clinton Walker (13) 
 24,338 

486,764 
 6.01 
 
 Chris Zieber (14) 
 24,463 
 
 100 
 9.07 
 250,000 
 3.08 
 
 Security Ownership of Management and Directors: 

John Sganga 
 0 

Marc Wiener (15) 
 4,760,000 
 11.7 

Cliff Saffron(16) 
 322,500 

Phil Scala (17) 
 503,750 
 1.3 

James Murphy (18) 
 2,500 

Justin Deutsch (19) 
 2,500 

James Hartmann (20) 
 252,500 

Dr. Jeff Gudin (21) 
 2,500 

Executive officers and directors as a group 8 persons 
 5,591,250 
 14.3 

less than 1 

(1) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned are
determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the
information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes
any shares over which the individual or entity has voting power or investment power and any shares of common stock that the individual
has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 24, 2023, through the exercise of any stock option or other right. 

(2) The Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 1.25 shares
of common stock and votes on an as converted basis. 

45 

(3) The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible such that one
share of common stock shall be issuable for each twenty (20) shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding. Each share of Series
B Preferred Stock shall have one vote for any election or other vote placed before the shareholders of the Company, but voting shall
not be by class of stock but by majority vote of all outstanding shares of stock, including common stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 

(4) Kenneth Orr is the principal operating officer of KORR Acquisitions
Group, Inc. Mr. Orr has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by KORR Acquisitions Group, Inc. The address of KORR Acquisitions
Group, Inc. is 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 306, Westbury, NY 11590. 

(5) Kenneth Orr is the principal operating officer of KORR Acquisitions
Group, Inc., which is the general partner of KORR Value LP. Mr. Orr has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by KORR
Acquisitions Group, Inc. and KORR Value LP. The address of KORR Value LP is 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 306, Westbury, NY 11590. 

(6) Includes: (i) 8,552,374 shares of common stock held by KORR
Acquisitions Group, Inc.; (ii) 6,525,000 shares of common stock held by KORR Value, LP; (iii) 500,000 shares of common stock held by
Cori Orr, as custodian for Benjamin Orr under the NY UTMA; and (iv) 1,875,000 shares of common stock held by Cori Orr. Kenneth Orr is
the principal operating officer of KORR Acquisitions Group, Inc., which is the general partner of KORR Value LP. Mr. Orr has sole voting
and dispositive power over the shares held by KORR Acquisitions Group, Inc. and KORR Value LP. 

(7) Greg Goldberg, as trustee of the trust, has sole voting and
dispositive power over the shares held by The Gabriel 613 Trust. The address of The Gabriel 613 Trust is P.O Box 627, Rincon, Puerto
Rico, 00677. 

(8) Arena Investors, LP (the Arena Investment Advisor is the investment adviser of, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities owned by the following entities (the Arena Entities ):
(a) Arena Special Opportunities Fund, LP which directly owns (i) 630,462 shares of Common Stock, (ii) warrants to purchase 203,170
shares of Common Stock, and (iii) 985,779 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes, (b) Arena
Special Opportunities Partners I, LP which directly owns (i) 1,160,397 shares of Common Stock, (ii) warrants to purchase 446,930
shares of Common Stock, and (iii) 1,908,013 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes, and (c)
Arena Special Opportunities Partners II, LP which directly owns (i) 137,000 shares of Common Stock, (ii) warrants to purchase 1,054,900
shares of Common Stock, and (iii) 1,506,208 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding convertible notes; Arena Investors
GP, LLC (the Arena General Partner is the general partner of, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities
owned by, the Arena Investment Advisor. By virtue of his position as the chief executive officer of the Arena General Partner and the
Arena Investment Manager, Daniel Zwirn may be deemed to beneficially own securities owned by each of the Arena Entities. It is our understanding
that each of Mr. Zwirn, the Arena Investment Advisor and the Arena General Partner share voting and disposal power over the shares
held by the Arena Entities described above. Each of the common stock, notes and warrants described above provide for limitations on exercise
and conversion, respectively, such that the holder along with its affiliates may not beneficially own more than 9.99 of our Common Stock.
The address for the entities set forth above is 405 Lexington Avenue, 59th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(9) Includes: (i) 2,200,000 shares of common stock held by Sean
Spigelman; (ii) approximately 50,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 1,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
held by Sean Spigelman; and (iii) approximately 100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 2,000,000 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock held by Stephanie Spigelman. 

(10) Includes; (i) approximately 1,250 shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion of 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock; and (ii) approximately 37,500 shares of common stock issuable upon
conversion of 750,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

(11) Includes approximately 27,500 shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of 550,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

(12) Includes approximately 30,000 shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of 600,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

(13) Includes: (i) 2 shares of common stock; and (ii) approximately
24,338 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 486,764 shares of Series B Preferred Stock. 

(14) Includes (i) approximately 125 shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of 100 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and approximately 24,338 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of
486,764 shares of Series B Preferred Stock.. 

(15) Includes options to purchase 510,000 shares of common stock
which have vested. Does not include 1,590,000 options which have not vested 

(16) Includes options to purchase 72,500 shares of common stock
which have vested. Does not include 217,500 options which have not vested. 

46 

(17) Includes options to purchase 3,750 shares of common stock
which have vested. Does not include 11,250 options which have not vested 

(18) Includes options to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock
which have vested. Does not include 7,500 options which have not vested. 

(19) Includes options to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock
which have vested. Does not include 7,500 options which have not vested. 

(20) Includes options to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock
which have vested. Does not include 7,500 options which have not vested. 

(21) Includes options to purchase 2,500 shares of common stock
which have vested. Does not include 7,500 options which have not vested. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The following includes a summary of transactions
during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to which we have been a party, including transactions in which
the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than
5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not otherwise a party to a related party transaction, and no transaction is currently proposed,
in which the amount of the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

On January 28, 2022, the Company entered into
a stock purchase agreement with Worker s Health Rx, Inc. Vitality Rx and Marc Wiener, the sole shareholder, who
is also our President, pursuant to which we acquired 100 of the outstanding equity interests of Vitality Rx in exchange for the issuance
of 250,000 shares of our common stock and 350,000. The cash portion of the purchase price has been paid. 

Independence of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors undertook a review of
the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a relationship with us that could compromise that director s
ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out that director s responsibilities. Our board of directors has affirmatively
determined that Philip Scala, James Murphy, Justin Deutsch, James Hartman and Dr. Jeff Gudin are each an independent director, 
as defined under Nasdaq rules. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following table
represents aggregate fees billed to us for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by Seligson 
Giannattasio, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm for such periods. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 118,000 
 89,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 13,000 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 131,000 
 89,000 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for
the audit of our annual financial statements, including review of the interim financial statements. 

(2) Audit-related fees consist of fees for assurance and related
services that are traditionally performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and include fees reasonably related to
the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported under the caption Audit Fees and includes
review of our registration statements for our public offerings of securities, and related services that are not normally provided in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

In June 2022 the Board
of Directors approved the Audit Committee Charter, however, board members were not appointed to the Audit Committee at that time. The
Board of Directors, as a whole, has and will continue to perform the Audit Committee functions, including the pre-approval of all auditing
services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof. 

47 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

The consolidated financial
statements required by this Item are included beginning at page F-1. 

(2) Financial Statement
 Schedules: 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted
because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes
thereto. 

(b) Exhibits 

The following documents are included as exhibits
to this report. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated November 25, 2020, by and among the Clinical Research Alliance Acquisition Corp., Clinical Research Alliance, Inc., Francis Arena and Morton Coleman (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated December 28, 2020, by and among Between Dandelions, Inc. and Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Stock Acquisition Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, by and among Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., Optimus Health, Inc., AdhereRx Corporation, the Transferors and Daniel Cohen, as the Transferors Representative (filed as Exhibit 2.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Acquisition Agreement, dated December 28, 2021, by and among Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., Optimus Health, Inc., AdhereRx Corporation and Daniel Cohen (filed as Exhibit 2.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.5 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 28, 2022, by and between the Company, Worker s Health Rx, Inc. and Marc Wiener (filed as Exhibit 2.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.6 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Stock Acquisition Agreement, dated April 13, 2022, by and among Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., Optimus Health, Inc., AdhereRx Corporation and Daniel Cohen (filed as Exhibit 2.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on April 28, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.7 
 
 Stock Acquisition Agreement, dated December 7, 2022, by and among Optimus Healthcare Services, Optimus Health, Inc., AdhereRx Corporation and the transferors signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated December 23, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, dated November 23, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated December 16, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated July 11, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated November 29, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated January 24, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated December 17, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Note, dated May 25, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated May 25, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.3 
 
 First Amendment to May 2021 Notes, dated June 7, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Note, dated June 7, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated June 7, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act 

48 

10.1 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 25, 2021, by and between the Company and the investors signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to
 the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated May 25, 2021, by and between the Company and the investors signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Security
 Agreement, dated May 25, 2021, by and between the Company and the investors signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form
 of Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, dated May 25, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Subscription Agreement used for 2021 Equity Financing (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.6 
 
 2021
 Omnibus Incentive Equity Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC
 on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Letter
 Employment Agreement, dated May 25, 2021 by and between the Company and Marc Wiener (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 22, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Letter
 Employment Agreement, dated May 25, 2021 by and between the Company and Cliff Saffron (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, dated March 24, 2021 by and between the Company and Dan Cohen (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, by and between the Company and the investors signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.10
 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, by and between the Company and the investors signatory thereto (filed as Exhibit
 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by
 reference) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Security Agreement, dated June 7, 2022, by and between the Company and the investors signatory thereto (filed
 as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 and incorporated
 herein by reference) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form
 of Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement, dated June 7, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Employment
 Letter Agreement, effective June 30, 2022, between the Company, Clinical Research Alliance, Inc. and John Sganga (filed as Exhibit
 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment
 to the Employment Agreement with Marc Wiener, dated September 12, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amendment
 to the Employment Agreement with Cliff Saffron, dated September 12, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 13, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power
 of Attorney (included on signature page hereto) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File - the cover page of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL 

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation
 S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

Filed Herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 31st day of March, 2023. 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 

/s/ John Sganga 

John Sganga 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) and 
 Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Cliff Saffron as his or
her attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause
to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Sganga 
 
 Chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 John Sganga 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Cliff Saffron 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Cliff Saffron 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/S/ Marc Weiner 
 
 President and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Marc Weiner 

/s/ Phil Scala 
 
 Lead Independent Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Phil Scala 

/s/ Justin Deutsch 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Justin Deutsch 

/s/ James Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 James Murphy 

/s/ James Hartmann 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 James Hartmann 

Dr. Jeffrey Gudin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Dr. Jeffrey Gudin 

50 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-11 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of the internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the Board of Directors operating as the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

We identified the valuation of the convertible
notes and related conversion features and warrants issued as a critical audit matter, due to the complexity of the transactions and various
clauses as well as the subjectivity involved with the valuation and certain of the valuation inputs. 

The primary procedures performed to address this
critical audit matter included the following: We evaluated and discussed with management their analysis of the various terms within the
related agreements. We read and analyzed the note and related agreements to ensure management s assessments were correct, whether
the conversion features should be bifurcated, and whether a beneficial conversion feature existed. We tested the calculations related
to the carrying value of the instrument and each of the conversion features as well as their classification of debt or equity. We recalculated
the amortization of the debt discount recorded as interest expense. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements,
the Company s significant recurring losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE
SERVICES, INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Notes receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Deposits and prepaid expenses 

Investment in marketable securities 

Total current assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax asset 
 -

Total Assets 

Liabilities Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Line of credit 

Notes payable 
 - 

Notes payable, related party 

Paycheck protection program loan, current 

Operating lease liability, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, non-current 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Paycheck protection program loan 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

F- 4 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES,
INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Series A Preferred stock, par value; authorized: and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Series B Preferred stock, par value; authorized: shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock to be issued 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Controlling interest 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES,
INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Stock based compensation 

Personnel expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Amortization of debt discount 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 
 - 

Interest expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposition of subsidiary 
 
 - 
 
 Net loss from investments 

Interest income 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before income tax (expense) benefit 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable: 

Non-controlling interest 

Common stockholders 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted earnings per share on net loss

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES,
INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series
 A 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 to be Issued 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Non- 
Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Balance December
 31, 2020 

Issuance
 of common stock previously in common stock to be issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Sale of common
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for acquisition of AdHere Rx Corporation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock
 issued with convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants
 issued with convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Fair value
 of beneficial conversion feature 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Reduction in non-controlling interest (ownership change from to 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

F- 7 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Series
 A 
 Preferred Stock 
 Series
 B 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 to be Issued 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Non-Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 Sale
 of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for business acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Common stock
 issued with convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Conversion
 of Series A preferred stock into common stock 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock issued
 to satisfy debt and accounts payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock repurchased
 in connection with Painscript divestiture 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants
 issued with convertible debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Stock based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Net loss from investments 

Loss on extinguishment of debt accounts payable 

Loss on disposition of subsidiary 

Amortization of debt discount 

Right-of-use asset 

Income tax benefit 

Changes in operating assets liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Deposits prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Accrued liabilities 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash acquired in business combination 

Sales of marketable securities 

Purchase of marketable securities 

Acquisition of intangible assets 

Acquisition of fixed assets 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Sale of common stock 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

(Payments) proceeds from PPP loan 

Payments on line of credit 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase in Cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash and equivalents at end of period 

F- 9 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE
SERVICES, INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued for business combination 

Software development costs acquired in business combination 
 -

Fair value of beneficial conversion feature 
 -

Warrants issued with convertible notes payable 

Common stock issued to satisfy debt and accounts payable 
 
 -

Common stock issued with convertible notes payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE SERVICES, INC. 

(FORMERLY BETWEEN DANDELIONS, INC.) AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 11 

F- 12 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company invests excess cash in certificates
of deposit, deposit accounts or treasury bills, all with maturities of less than three months. There were no cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022. The Company had accounts receivables from three customers that exceeded as
of December 31, 2021 totaling . 

of our total sales. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
there were three customers representing of our annual revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were three customers
representing of our annual revenues. The Company believes that its relationships with these customers are positive and may provide
it with continuous sustainability for years to come, however the loss of a large customer would have to be replaced by others, and the
Company s inability to do so may have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. 

to years and are recorded in General and Administrative expenses. 

F- 13 

and 
in stock compensation expense, respectively. 

and advertising expenses for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period
in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component
of general and administrative expenses. Our federal tax return and any state tax returns are not currently under examination. 

F- 14 

Stock options 
 
 -

Convertible notes payable 

Preferred stock 

Total 

square feet of office space located at 1400 Old Country Road, Westbury,
New York, 11590. The following table illustrates the base monthly rent amounts over the term of the lease: 

December 1, 2021 to August 31, 2022 

December 1, 2022 to August 31, 2023 

December 1, 2023 to August 31, 2024 

December 1, 2024 to August 31, 2025 

December 1, 2025 to August 31, 2026 

December 1, 2026 to August 31, 2027 

F- 15 

square feet of office space located at One Dupont Street, Suite 112, Plainview,
New York, 11803. The following table illustrates the base monthly rent amounts over the term of the lease: 

February 1, 2023 to January 1, 2024 

February 1, 2024 to January 1, 2025 

February 1, 2025 to January 1, 2026 

February 1, 2026 to August 31, 2026 

per month. 

, as the interest rate implicit in most of our leases is not readily
determinable. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Since the common area maintenance expenses
are expenses that do not depend on an index or rate, they are excluded from the measurement of the lease liability and recognized in other
general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. 

Equipment lease 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Equipment lease 

Less: current portion 

Long term portion 

Fiscal year ending December 31, 2024 

Fiscal year ending December 31, 2025 

Fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 

Fiscal year ending December 31, 2027 

Present value discount 

Lease liability 

F- 16 

and in cash and and 
in working capital at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had a net loss of and , respectively. Continued losses may adversely affect the liquidity of the Company in the
future. 

of the date these financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

of the outstanding equity interests in Optimus Healthcare
Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Optimus in exchange for shares of its Series A convertible
preferred stock and shares of its common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock votes and is convertible at a rate of 
preferred share to common shares. As a result of the transaction, Optimus shareholders acquired approximately of the voting
shares in the Company and was reflected as the accounting acquirer in the transaction. 

of Clinical
Research Alliance Acquisition Corp. CRAAC as a founder. On that date, neither entity had any assets or operations. 

of the
outstanding equity interest in in Clinical Research Alliance, Inc. CRA ). The Company determined that CRA was the accounting
acquirer in the transaction. On December 1, 2021, Optimus exchanged of debt it had loaned to CRAAC for shares of CRAAC
stock. After the exchange Optimus owns of CRAAC. 

shares of common stock. 

F- 17 

of the outstanding equity interests in AdhereRx Corporation (d/b/a Painscript) Painscript in exchange for an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock which includes shares held in escrow. Per
the agreement, the escrow shares are released if Painscript meets the definition of commercialization success and are cancelled if it
doesn t meet the definition of commercialization success. A review of this contingent consideration was made and was determined
to be classified as equity because the contingent consideration is a fixed amount of shares. The Company analyzed the acquisition under applicable guidance and determined that the
acquisition should be accounted for as a business combination. The purchase price allocation is as follows: 

shares of common stock 

Total consideration 

Fair value of net identifiable assets (liabilities) acquired 

Cash 

Employee advance 

Intangible assets software development costs 

Total fair value of net identifiable assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Loan payable 

Total fair value of net identifiable liabilities 

Fair value of net identifiable assets (liabilities) acquired 

Goodwill 

of the outstanding equity interests of VitalityRx in exchange for the issuance
of shares of our common stock and . The cash portion of the purchase price was paid by December 31, 2022. 

F- 18 

shares of common stock 

Notes payable 

Total consideration 

Fair value of net identifiable assets (liabilities) acquired 

Cash 

Furniture and equipment 

Capitalized start up costs 

Intangible assets website 

Fair value of net identifiable assets (liabilities) acquired 

Initial goodwill 

as a result of contractual adjustments. 

of the outstanding shares of Painscript for
 shares of the Company s common stock. In connection with the agreement, the Company and Painscript agreed to (i) the
cancellation of earnout shares that were issuable to the former shareholders of Painscript; (ii) the Company provided a loan
in the aggregate principal amount of to Painscript to cover employee liabilities and general working capital as well as an
additional to cover liabilities of Painscript; (iii) termination of all employment agreements entered into with the former
Painscript shareholders; (iv) receipt of resignations and releases from all former PainScript and Company employees and consultants;
and (v) termination of PainScript s scientific advisory board. 

Reduced by cash paid to PainScript to cover liabilities 

Net consideration 

Net assets of PainScript on December 7, 2022 

Loss on disposition of PainScript 

F- 19 

-

to PainScript to cover employee liabilities and general working capital. 

Computer equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment - net 

and none for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Website 
 
 -

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets - net 

and , recorded
within general and administrative expenses on the statement of operations, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

F- 20 

Gross unrealized gain 
 -
 
 -

Gross unrealized loss 

Fair value 

and in net loss from investments and has reported these securities as net losses from investments on the statement of operations
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net loss from investments consisted
of in unrealized loss and of realized gain. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net loss from investments consisted
of in unrealized loss and of realized gain. 

and , respectively. The Company has a line of credit with Chase Bank with a credit limit of
 . The line of credit has a variable interest rate equal to the sum of the prime rate plus . During the years ended December
31, 2022, the Company repaid towards the line of credit balance. 

and , respectively. The notes are outlined in the following table: 

, issued March 20, 2013, coupon, due on demand 
 -

, issued December 31, 2013, coupon, due on demand 
 -
 
 -

Total long-term notes payable 
 - 

F- 21 

and . The notes are outlined in the following table: 

, issued January 5, 2011, no coupon, due on demand 
 - 

, issued October 7, 2016, no coupon, due on demand 
 -

, issued December 10, 2020, no coupon, due on demand 

Total long-term notes payable, related party 

shares of common stock in satisfaction of in notes payable, related party and 
in accounts payable, related party. As a result of this transaction, the Company recorded loss on extinguishment in the amount of . 

on May 1, 2020. The Company received loan proceeds on the second advance under the PPP in February 2021 totaling
 . The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides for
loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loans
and accrued interest are forgivable after twenty-four weeks as long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including
payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower
terminates employees or reduces salaries during the period. 

on the original PPP loan. As a result, the Company recorded a gain on PPP forgiveness in the amount of during the year ended
December 31, 2020. 

and the current portion is . 

of the second advance under the PPP. 

on the PPP loan. 

and , respectively. 

F- 22 

Face Value 

The exercise price is also subject to adjustment due to certain events, including stock dividends,
stock splits and in connection with the issuance by the Company of common stock or common stock equivalents at an effective price per
share lower than the exercise price then in effect. The May 2021 Investors may exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis if the shares
of common stock underlying the Warrants are not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement. In the event the May
2021 Investors exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis, then we will not receive any proceeds. 

Face Value 

for an aggregate purchase price of million (collectively, the
 June 2022 Notes ). In connection with the issuance of the June 2022 Notes, the Company issued to the June 2022 Investors
warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock (collectively, the Warrants and shares of
common stock. The June 2022 Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum, subject to increase to per annum upon and during the
occurrence of an event of default. Interest is payable in cash on a quarterly basis. The June 2022 Notes are convertible at any time,
at the holder s option, into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to certain
beneficial ownership limitations (with a maximum ownership limit of ). The conversion price is also subject to adjustment due to
certain events, including stock dividends and stock splits. The June 2022 Notes mature on June 7, 2024. 

from the date of issuance at an initial exercise price of per share, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations (with
a maximum ownership limit of ). The exercise price is also subject to adjustment due to certain events, including stock dividends,
stock splits and in connection with the issuance by the Company of common stock or common stock equivalents at an effective price per
share lower than the exercise price then in effect. The June 2022 Investors may exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis if the shares
of common stock underlying the Warrants are not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement. In the event the June
2022 Investors exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis, then we will not receive any proceeds. 

F- 23 

and in interest and and in the amortization of debt discount, respectively. 

per share, and in June
2022 the Board authorized an increase of that offering to up to million shares of the Company s common stock at a price of
 per share. To date, the Company has sold shares of its common stock through this offering. 

pursuant to the above. 

shares of Preferred Stock authorized with a par value of . . 

shares of its Series
A convertible preferred stock. Simultaneously, the Company cancelled shares previously held by its former CEO. In January 2022,
all but of the outstanding Series A Preferred shares were converted into shares of common stock. 

shares of Series B Preferred outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

F- 24 

February 3, 2022 

March 10, 2022 

June 30, 2022 

October 13, 2022 

December 20, 2022 

Exercise Price 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Risk-Free interest rate 

Expected life (in years) 

F- 25 

Years 
 
 Options exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Options cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Options outstanding December 31, 2021 

Years 
 
 Options granted 

Years 
 
 Options exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Options cancelled 

-

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Years 
 
 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Years 

and in stock-based compensation expense, respectively. The stock-based compensation expense
for the year ended December 31, 2022 comprised of in expense offset by in previous compensation reversed for stock
option cancellation that did not vest. At December 31, 2022, there was in unrecognized costs related to the stock options granted.
As of December 31, 2022, the options outstanding and exercisable have no intrinsic value. 

RSUs released 
 -

RSUs forfeited 
 -

RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 

restricted stock
units were issued. The RSUs vest based on performance. As of December 31, 2022, the performance criteria was not considered probable.
As a result, no expense has been recorded as of December 31, 2022 for the RSUs. 

F- 26 

Years 
 
 Exercised 
 -

-

Expired 
 -

-

Warrants outstanding December 31, 2021 

Years 
 
 Issued 

Years 
 
 Exercised 
 -

-

Expired 
 -

-

Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Years 
 
 Warrants exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Years 

of debt it had loaned to CRAAC for shares of CRAAC stock which increased Optimus ownership percentage of CRAAC from 
to . 

owned subsidiary during the year ended December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

Transfers (to) from the noncontrolling interest 

Increase in Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. ownership interests in CRAAC from 51 to 99.88 

Net transfers from (to) noncontrolling interest 
 -

Change from net loss attributable to Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. and transfers from (to) noncontrolling interest 

F- 27 

-

Total current 
 
 -

Deferred 

Federal 

State and local 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

Stock compensation 

Convertible debt 

Other permanent differences 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 State taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Painscript transaction 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Income tax (expense) benefit for the period 

F- 28 

State net operating loss carryforwards 
 
 - 
 
 Lease Liability 

Accrued Salary 
 - 

Unrealized gains / (loss) 

Accrued expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Charitable contribution carryover 

NQSOs 
 
 -

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right of use Asset 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

Gross deferred tax asset (liabilities) 

Valuation allowance 
 
 -

Net deferred tax asset (liabilities) 

, which under the current tax law has no expiration dates. 

options were granted on February 16, 2023
with an exercise price of . The options vest on each of the next 4 annual anniversaries of the grant and have a ten-year
term. 

restricted stock units were granted on
February 16, 2023. The RSUs vest according to certain performance criteria and have a ten-year term. 

shares of common stock pursuant to subscription agreements entered into and paid for during December of 2022. 

shares of common stock for per share, or . 

F-29 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-6_optimushealth.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 15(D) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

Exhibit 4.6 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S
SECURITIES 

REGISTERED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

(Exhibit pursuant to
Item 601(b)(4)(vi) of Regulation S-K) 

Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc., a Florida
corporation (the Company , Corporation , we , us or
 our ), has one class of securities registered under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ): our Common Stock (as defined below). 

The following description briefly summarizes
information about our capital stock, including our Common Stock. This information does not purport to be complete, and is subject to
and qualified in its entirety by reference to: (i) the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended (as so amended, our Articles
of Incorporation ); and (ii) the Company s bylaws, as amended (as so amended, our Bylaws ), copies
of each of which are filed and incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part.
We encourage you to read our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the relevant provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act
(the FBCA the general corporation law of the state in which we are incorporated for additional information. 

General 

As of March 24, 2023, our authorized capital
stock consists of 130,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 70,000,001 shares of preferred stock, par value
 0.001 per share. As of March 24, 2023, there were 40,167,598 shares of our common stock, 1,102 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding and 8,105,724 shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock held of record for the election of directors and on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders.
Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends ratably, if any, as may be declared by the Board out of legally available
funds, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. In the event of our dissolution, liquidation
or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our net assets legally available after the payment of all
of our debts and other liabilities, subject to the liquidation preferences of any preferred stock then outstanding. Holders of our common
stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption, or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common
stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock currently
outstanding or that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Board is authorized to issue up to 70,000,001
shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Our Board can fix or alter the rights, preferences, and privileges of the shares of
each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights,
terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting a class or series. The issuance of preferred stock
could, under certain circumstances, result in one or more of the following adverse effects: 

decreasing the
 market price of our common stock; 

restricting dividends
 on our common stock; 

diluting the voting
 power of our common stock; 

impairing the
 liquidation rights of our common stock; or 

delaying or preventing
 a change in control of us without further action by our stockholders. 

Our Board will make any determination to issue
such shares based on its judgment as to our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

Series A Preferred 

Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible
into 1.25 shares of common stock and votes on an as converted basis. 

Series B Preferred Stock 

The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible such
that one share of common stock shall be issuable for each twenty (20) shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding. Each share
of Series B Preferred Stock shall have one vote for any election or other vote placed before the shareholders of the Company, but voting
shall not be by class of stock but by majority vote of all outstanding shares of stock, including common stock and Series A Preferred
Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock shall rank senior with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon
the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company and all other shares of capital stock of the Company shall be junior in rank
to all Series B Preferred Stock with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the Company. 

Our executive officers and directors beneficially
own approximately 14.3 of the outstanding voting power of the Company. Our majority shareholders control approximately 43.4 of the
outstanding voting power of the Company. As a result, they will be able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring
shareholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of organizational documents, and approval of major corporate transactions,
such as a change in control, merger, consolidation, or sale of assets. 

Future issuances of Series A and Series B preferred
stock may be dilutive to common stock shareholders. 

Stock Options 

As of March 24, 2023, an aggregate of 6,145,000
shares of common stock were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, at a weighted-average exercise price of 1.68 per
share. 

Warrants 

As of March 24, 2023, 2,065,000 restricted stock
units were outstanding, and vest based upon performance. 

Warrants 

As of the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,705,000 shares of common stock with exercise price of 1.25 are issued and outstanding. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Certain Provisions
of our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Florida law 

Certain provisions of our Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Amended and Restated Bylaws, which are summarized in the following paragraphs, may have the
effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing a change in control, including
changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our management. In particular, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Amended and Restated Bylaws
and Florida law, as applicable, among other things: 

provide the board of directors with the ability to alter the bylaws without stockholder approval; 

place limitations on the removal of directors; and 

provide that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office,
 although less than a quorum. 

These provisions are expected to discourage certain
types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company
to first negotiate with its board. These provisions may delay or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us, which may cause the
market price of our common stock to decline. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

Our transfer agent and registrar for our capital
stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, whose address is 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, Texas 75093. 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_optimushealth.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF OPTIMUS HEALTHCARE
SERVICES, INC. 

State of Incorporation/Organization 
 Percentage Owned by Registrant 
 
 Clinical Research Alliance Acquisition Corp. 
 Delaware 
 99.8 (directly) 
 
 Clinical Research Alliance, Inc. 
 New York 
 100 (indirectly) 
 
 Worker s Health Rx, Inc. 
 New York 
 100 (indirectly) 
 
 Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 100 (directly) 
 
 Optimus Health, Inc 
 Delaware 
 100 (directly) 
 
 Florida s Hope LLC 
 Florida 
 100 (directly) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_optimushealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer of
Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, John Sganga, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Optimus
Healthcare Services, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ John Sganga 

John Sganga 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_optimushealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer of
Optimus Healthcare Services, Inc. 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Cliff Saffron, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Optimus
Healthcare Services, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Cliff Saffron 

Cliff Saffron 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_optimushealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, John Sganga, Chief Executive Officer of Optimus Healthcare
Services, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that based on the undersigned s knowledge: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ John Sganga 

John Sganga 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability
of that section. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_optimushealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Cliff Saffron, Chief Financial Officer of Optimus Healthcare
Services, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certifies that based on the undersigned s knowledge: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Cliff Saffron 

Cliff Saffron 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This certification is being
furnished to the SEC with this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and shall not, except to
the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ohcs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ohcs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ohcs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ohcs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ohcs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

